randomly got really hot 😥 #sotakeoffallyourclothes ? #noimalady #unlessitsgirlsnight USERNAME USERNAME 😉 
i just wish i had more of a social life 😥 
USERNAME i just want some wine to celebrate ! 😞 
i'm trying to change my baby ringtone but i can't seem to find a song that suits him . :-( 
sitting thinking about my life what i've done wrong and what i've done right . sigh i hope i'm doing things right now . 😔 😪 
this is awkward why are these chinese people doing karaoke 😔 an in chinese .... i'm embarrassed .... 
the depression from the score is starting to set in 😭 
USERNAME at home i don't have a way out there :( 
USERNAME what ? it's looks gold . so much for the joke :( 
why won't they let me get an x-ray until monday 😭 
i wish i had a relationship like USERNAME and USERNAME 😔 i think i'll go cuddle with my dog now . 
i wish my novia was with me right now :( 
all my compasses look like tears . ): (at california college of the arts) [pic] — URL 
home alone , foreals . my parents went hunting and my brother left to waco :( 
wondering why life has to hurt so much some times :( 
why is my xbox updating ? it updated like 2 weeks ago .. it's going really slow too :( 
its 5:47 pm and i haven't finish washing . :( i might not go to the show . ; ~ ; 
USERNAME you bday would've been a year for me and devonte :( *kanye shrugs* oh well 
stop judging my shoes ! ! ! i look like such a boy tonight , not happy with how i dressed here 😔 
kind of offended that USERNAME isn't following me ..... 😞 
USERNAME is this about who i think it is 😔 
USERNAME oh gosh ! ! we can never watch it again ... my eyeballs hurt so much right now .. 😢 
USERNAME can't even be doin it . im broke :( 
iyyh ya midem bulanıyor :( içmicem bir daha nargile ! 
i've been sleeping for days and i'm still tired 😞 but can't sleep at night 😓 😓 #poo 
i wish USERNAME was here with me and USERNAME :( 
in one week we'll be cheering our last foundation game ! #bittersweet 😥 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME aweh :( that sucks im bored too :( (( 
USERNAME so are you still gonna trade me sweaters ? ): 
the house that built me by USERNAME feels like it was made for me . 😞 ❤ 
someone in ridgeoaks let me borrow a charger ! ! ! not trying to drive home .. #deadphone #badweather 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME aw sry boo :( 
USERNAME 😧 <-- this is my oh shit i forgot about new years face 😵 <-- this is my after new years face #2013bitches 
damm i'm starting to get withdraws . wtff :( , 
the kids bedtime is in 15 minutes and all three of them are wiide awake . 😳 😳 😳 #super #fml 
it's not even eight yet and i'm soo tired :c 
when people notice the sadness in ur eyes , that's a problem ! 😔 
USERNAME it does . 😞 but i still have college friends and USERNAME /USERNAME to blow up my feed . 
USERNAME too bad i'm not 21 though 😞 i hate asking people too lol 
let me find out USERNAME back on twitter ii*cant*deal 😾 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME it is :( it's so boring ! lol i can't live withou y'all jk . jk 
charlie st . cloud , the last song , october fest shock top , now where's a cuddle buddy ? ! 😔 
that moment when you're craving chocolate milk .... but don't have any chocolate syrup :( #makesmesad 
USERNAME k yup lol but i hope not :( scary stuff 
now i want a #windows phone instead of iphone4s . t.t 
today would have been a year and 2 months ......... and today is the hardest day to get through </3 
i #lowkey miss oomf we never talk or make plans to see each other no more :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i think you should apply (if not already done ): URL URL 
what ever happened to my sister .. ? 😥 💔 
USERNAME her teeth are like really long . zac is too good for that horse 😭 
wat a long day of work . my knees hurtin . after 7 months of workin at publix i can feel it ): already , i couldnt imagine years ! 
USERNAME it's always the black guy and that one girl that dies in the movies , and there's no other girl here 😔 
USERNAME lmao i should do the same i only have three :( i need more 
USERNAME tahh ! cj was like i have a girlfriend :( 
pregame smacked omw to astoria for mi 21st without USERNAME 😔 😭 😭 😭 
having constantly changing emotions an mood swings sometime makes me hate being a girl #truth #girlproblems #itstrue 😁 😐 😔 
oh haii homework . #wahh 😭 @ ccad schottenstein residence hall URL 
USERNAME my i've cream is at your house 😭 😭 
learned my lesson about not using uv filters on my lenses , big scratch on my 17-40mml :( 
all these couples kissing and cuddle are making me jealous ... ): #foreveralone 
USERNAME damnit marquise lol i'm not even going out tonight #tiredasfuck #depressed 
😒 😣 we care rt USERNAME cheese cake factory tonight 
😭 rt USERNAME rt USERNAME kimbo slice call my girl a bitch then thats what she is 
i think i'm dying ... my partner in crime USERNAME isn't here 😢 
USERNAME she's good ! ! she has a liver problem tho ! :( 
i slept all day & im still tired , whats happening to me ? 😞 
playing halo 3. cuz i don't have halo 4 :( 
#1d #3days #takemehome USERNAME #excited i wish i could go to your concert in 2013 .... had to be sold out -___- :'( 
years ago you never heard country music in a bar . now that's all the jukebox plays . #depressing 
people are so fucking stupid , i wish i was a damn cat .. for real :c 
my poor baby 😭 hopefully we won't be taking a trip to the er tonight . he's to little to be sick 
i'm getting shapy again 😑 😐 😕 😔 😞 😣 😖 😩😫 
chicken strips n mashed potatoes from kfc got me feelin sick ... :-( 
cut 6 inches off my hair today ... 😔 😔 URL 
USERNAME :( same here . my boo is sick .. so im not going back .. ima cuddle w my pillow . 
why just happened tto her is ssad :( her dad made her date leave o: 
the depressed birthday girl ! 😔 🎉🎁 USERNAME @ mirabella gelateria & espressobar URL 
USERNAME miss you too , sorry i'm not cool enough for you :( 
i hate not being able to talk to boyfriend :( 
cough drop plus allergy too ! ! this is not good ! :( (@ kmart) [pic]: URL 
i constantly check my phone to see if i have new messages from anyone , & i never see a message on my screen .. 😔 
USERNAME i need to see youu ! text grandmas phone , mines about to die ! 😳 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME you're too kind . i believe in being kind and honest . remember , i'm in my mid 50's . i've said some things in my life :( 
USERNAME USERNAME it is ... lol but somebody isn't responding to it so im about to delete it :( 
glad to know even you don't wanna hangout with me anymore . #hurting 😞 
it's a good uh there's people in here watching this movie with me or else i'd be bawling . #mysisterskeeper 😩 😥 
USERNAME :'( come back to me ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME thats wht yhu do now ! :( okay ? && wht did that mean 
sick of painting . still have a bunch to do . :( 
USERNAME omygod dude i know right 😭 😭 😭 😭 #liamhemsworthlookalike 
the right side speakers blew in my car ! :'( #sosad 
still can't find the iphone 5 :'( (@ walmart supercenter) URL 
spending my saturday night at kosiar with my shawty . her dnt feel good :( . 
i miss talking to you for hours ! 😢 😣 😪 
USERNAME omfg ! ! :o im seriously jelly ! ! :( how ? :o 
it's a good thing there's people in here watching this movie with me or else i'd be bawling . 😩 😥 #mysisterskeeper 
chyna tenyce bryan if you dont stop blowing up my tl with cancer stuff oh help me jesuss ! ! ! ! > :( 
at bonfire: me: we my hot dog is all black . i hate black hot dogs black ): brandon: i'm sure your dad is happy about that . 
so sad i can't play my first indoor soccer game tomorrow . 😔 
i need to accept the fact that i'm not doing anything tonight bc i have $2 to my name . #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml 
thank you all new followers of mine ! i wish i can follow you all but we are limited to only 2000. :( please tell your friends to follow me . 
USERNAME plus id prob want a fish bowl of my own but yous will prolly all be sleepy :( 
it's depressing knowing i'm going home with nothing to do 💔 
i feel so bad for my sister ): get better sissy ;-* URL 
what do i do with my life now that i beat assasins creed :( 
USERNAME really im here n my bff iz in ur concert she iz very lucky to b in ur concert :( 
haven't been with USERNAME in so long :( ( my spot has been taken over ! 
USERNAME i was like oh ok just stalk me :( 
USERNAME i love you ! ! ! ! ! we missed your performance by 3 seconds ... i'm gon cry if i can't see your gorgeous face . my best friend 2 :( 
how much i miss USERNAME and USERNAME tonight << 😭 
don't have anyone's number though ! ! :( inbox me ur digits plz 
just remembered that USERNAME is in boston and i'm just miles away 😔 😭 😥 
i dont care if i sound like a baby i miss my daddy 😭 
didn't want u to leave me 😭 wallowing in self pity USERNAME 
USERNAME going back home then off to the bfs . hit me up earlier next time . :( 
USERNAME how is it ? had to study for exam sorry :-( 
gonna watch fun size boot leg since . USERNAME never wants to go to the movies :c 
what do i do with my life now that i beat assassins creed :( 
USERNAME then your liver has to clean up the mess :( 
s/o to USERNAME for not only bumping me out f the money in one class today but too ... #fml #loveyou 
s/o to USERNAME for being cute asf andfor havng dimples but shes a stranger ): #gofollowe 
it's pretty sad that my bestfriend is at dinner with her boyfriend , my brother , and his girlfriend ! and i'm at home :( #singlegirlproblems 
everyone wants to go out and i’m tired and wanna stay in 😔 
cause all i need is a beauty 🙋 and a beat 👏 that can make my life complete 💔 ❤ 
my life is so boring , i have nothing to do on a saturday night .. #fml 
there's no such thing as too many shoes , but there is such a thing as not enough closet space ... :( 
times like these are when you have to really look at the realistic sides of thing #sadtweet 
USERNAME yea i got a test monday .. i kinda dnt wanna leave him though :-( ... its been reeaall nice 
USERNAME aww :( you should give her a kiss maybe her faith will be restored 
i need someone to come take care of me #ihatebeingsick 😣 😞 
somebody rear ended me today m :/ but my charger took it like a man and no one i hurt but my car 😭 😭 😤 
USERNAME haha . its a sad night . :( ( sorry your feeling . the same way ! 
USERNAME aww , i wish you were in raleigh with me and USERNAME tonight ! ! :( #incompletetrio #missyou 
s/o to my boo USERNAME for being coo asf even doe she be spinnin me ): #gofollow 
shut the fuck up about george ! ! ! #thecolony #netflixproblems #fml 
USERNAME no srry if i had the money yes :( 
i want a pumpkin spice latte so badly rn hello someone shoot me :c 
i wanna see #oomf really bad right now . ionoo why :( 
why am i in such a bad mood .... :( 
USERNAME is 5 min from me & i can't see her #wahh 😩😩😩 😭 😭 
USERNAME oh sorry you brat ! im not playing 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME but not enough to sit with us 😭 😩 
could've seen USERNAME tonight but didn't feel like going to party 😞 im a lame lmao . 
USERNAME a ladder fell on my head today girl ! ! 20 pound metal laser :( 
USERNAME USERNAME yes we do we love you with all of our little underclassmen hearts . dont leave us ! ! ! :( 
my dog skip :( r . i . p you will be loved forever <3 
so i broke my phone last night , & i really wanted to call but unfortunately i can only tweet him :( happy birthday USERNAME i love you 
i dont want to talk to you , your not cute & your annoying & childish go away ! 😒 😁 😣 😠 😡 👊💢 
boo for having to get up at 620 in the morning ! ! ): 
USERNAME lmfao no ....... yea lol i wish the females i fuck wit wud want dates first instead just right off the bat dick lol smh :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME me ! #jk #dumbparents :( (( 
USERNAME i know 😭 😭 😭 i wish we could hung out with trav longer ! 
i miss my boys :( ready to pick them up tomorrow night ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME got 4yrs . mdl class sick carrying the ball ! rich r useless they dont carry own weigh t.t hey hide behind $$ 
“USERNAME chris bosh got a movie deal ! (pic ): URL 
so many parties in heights ... :c why didn't i go down there this weekend .. 
i knew somebody was missing from my tl . USERNAME is suspended :( 
saw a long line , bet its sold out :-( @ t . g . i . friday's URL 
i wonder how many times we forgive just because we dont want to lose someone </3 
my first full weekend without USERNAME ... it's hard having a long distant relationship #imtrying #imissyou 😥 
what am i talking about i'm still crying 😥 lol 
USERNAME on oxygen ! but it's over ): catwomen is on now 😞 😠 
i hate how much i think about you at night 😔 #ugh 
USERNAME samee :( miss you ! ! i actually just found a recital dvd when i was looking for something and watched it and cried loll 
USERNAME -_- i realised that few days ago , i told the girl in the movies she told me go to your university and ask them for the tickets :( 
USERNAME :( ((( cant monday . tuesday tho ? ? xx 
dammit #bamaloss - this must be how the republicans felt on tuesday :-( 
what's wrong with me ? why do i let someone bring me down 😔 #family #attitude #problems 
i have been ignoring everyone lately because all i want to do cry . i am soo ashamed of what i did last tuesday :'( 
steven is mad at me ! 😔 😞 😫 😠 😡 lol 
USERNAME i want to be with my bestfriend right now :( 
really bummed i didn't know about it :( “USERNAME smiling thru the cold .... at least the view is nice ! cheryl's bday ! 
happy birthday to my dearest broskie USERNAME ! i wish i had a phone to call & send u a long text but i dont :( i lovve you ! 
USERNAME wahh don't leave me i already don't see you enough 😭 😭 and if you go take me with you ❤ 💗💕 
being home alone all night is too lonely . someone come over , please . 😔 
idk why i even bother honestly i will never learn :( 
USERNAME i love you <3 i need my bestfriend :( boys suck . i hate them . 
USERNAME but he was hot , and its still sad 😢 
because it's funny like i tried to tell you bestfriend . :( 
shots to the head , cause some memories need assassins 😔 🔫 
USERNAME well i'm in the bath .. soaking cuz i'm sore :( so #twatter someone else ! 
USERNAME aww i would've gotten a pic with doriano but my phone doesn't have flash and it was dark outside :( 
it's definitely gonna be a night in ! ! ! #rainraingoaway ): 
:( can't get over all the shit i saw today down at the #nj #shore #sandy 
USERNAME oh my :( someone didn't take their nap today . 
only 2 pinball machines left . :( (@ friends & co) URL 
talking with mom (via text) & i really just opened up to her about my father which i've never done it . i'm starting to feel sad now 😔 
USERNAME kk ela falou sim , mais tu não avisa poxa ): 
USERNAME i had a case on ! ! ! 😭 
USERNAME did the exact same thing ... so pissed off > :( 
i miss a certain person back home surprisingly . 😔 
USERNAME no mam ): i wish but i cant ): 
like i really miss my brother even though ion show or tell him USERNAME 😔 😞 
USERNAME great speech guy . lay off the roids though . #intensity for the #bceagles is like getting excited for a big mac . leaves you 💔 
USERNAME lucky girl ! mexican is my fave but gives me terrible heartburn so i cant eat it anymore 😞 #pregoproblems 
USERNAME miss you too 😥 they're not home yet ! 
no seriously is it nov 16 yet ? i feel like a 6 year old waiting for christmas morning except this kid only gets one christmas :( USERNAME 
i wanna go see a movie .. but i'd rather it be with someone ... goin alone got less fun 😞 
why i juss seen the crack of this white mans ass running 😷 umm hello , excuse me .. that's sick af 😞 
can someone fun drive to the bay & hang out w/ us 😔 #weneedfriends #we 'llpayyou #sike #seriouslythoughcomeouthere 
anyone texting me i can't respond because USERNAME computer broke my iphone lol :( smh 
my belly cannot handle one sip of alcohol tonight 😞 😷😁 
USERNAME leggoo . my mom wouldn't get it because she said i'd wear it once and then it'd just hang in my closet . :( 
this ..... ish .... sucks ... :/ funeral on wednesday .. </3 
my cousin is going to the club and i can't go because i'm not 21 :( 
me too :( rt USERNAME jut want to be around a group of people that will keep me laughing the whole night right about now 
i am so sad that USERNAME is in the same state as me and i still can't see her 💔 christmas break needs to hurry up ! ! 
i want to go to erika party :'( my madre trippin . 
why are there so many sirens ? ! what's going on ? 😔 🚑🚒🚔🚓 
emily maynard just posted a picture w/o her wedding ring on ... 😦 
cvc in this bitch . im gonna miss the fuck out of you guys 😭 😭 😭 😭 kickback in the making . 
waching auburn vs ga game go ware eagles but they r losing :( 
i dunno what im gonna do if someone puts in a bid for mrs . ladys and it closes ): #noo 
guess ill just grab my sister lol cause gaby is with jake 😠 😤😩 😭 
i want to be with my bestfriend right now :( 
USERNAME i tried it today and sadly i don't think i will be the next tswift .. ): 
USERNAME well you wouldn't have to worry about that if you don't move :( 
i'm so fucking bored rn . of course my friends don't wanna do anything tonight #fml 
once you go frat , you never go back . haha #depressing 
USERNAME USERNAME oh no ): i'm sorry alex . but i'll be there leading up to it at least ! 
fuck x's3 i can't tune in to USERNAME #mytruth because i'm at work :( (( barbs keep me posted ! 
i never have any good luck , always getting played :( 
USERNAME i know :( dont worry ! i went through relatively the same thing and still am getting though it . remember that it gets better 
i'm tired of spending my weekends not doing shit . 👎 😣 
when i get married i want only an asian husband . sorry guy :( lmfao . #teamasian 
does someone have a sprint phone ? ! mine lost its life 😥 😥 😥 😢 😢 😢 😢 
if i had just lied as usual and said im doing good , i wouldnt be feeling this way right now #heartbreak #depression #screwedupagain 
why does everyone get to see their boo thang but me ? ! 😫 😢 #alexaprobz 
USERNAME my moms mad at me i can't go anywhere tonight :( 
i wanna get asked in a cute way to formal ! 😢 😔 
oh yes the notebook is on tomorrow night ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i dropped a bottle of USERNAME 's whiskey this week , and found a piece of glass i missed today ... with my foot . #ouch #sharp 😣 
i don't really feel like going out tonight i just wanna eat big house burgers and watch vampire diaries 😔 
to tired to stay up for the rest of charlie st . cloud 😞 
had to turn in my football equipment today . :( #sad ... 
i wanna take my car somewhere :'( but ugh i suck at life . 
that moment when you start to rethink things ... :( 
just got my ass kicked by a bunch of little boys #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME there were some in the past . no new ones this year though . :( URL 
the depressing moment when you want to use the birthday certificate you got from a restaurant & you find out you can only use it weekdays 😞 
i just tried to heel toss my uncle , on a hardwood floor .... didn't end well . ): i hurt my knee .. & my nose , lol . #wrestlerreflex #sorrynotsorry 
USERNAME if you move who am i suppose to talk to in scoffi . not alec ! please don't move :( ill cry . everyday at school . everyday . 
well .. i guess you don't want to talk to me then ... 😔 
my phones gonna diee ... and this is boring .. #fml 
i was about to go to jamillah but then i saw my twitter . :( some people ruin your dinner plans 
USERNAME i tried to hang out with you but you wanted to do homework . i was even gonna come there so you didn't have to drive 😞 
USERNAME i know . :( i need a makeover . 
USERNAME you've been a stranger lately . ): . no bueno ! 
USERNAME im still cleaning ifeel like a peasant ahah :( 
go #rit ! please stop losing :( @ frank ritter arena URL 
i wanna get fresh nd go outside smh . sucks to be me . #fml 
USERNAME maybe ... more #confused and a little #depressed ? today was a #mindfuck 
feel like i'm just going to be sitting at home tonight 😔 
i feel so left out . 😔 but it's okay . . . bitches ain't gone have fun without me ! 
USERNAME i miss you too 😨 😨 😨 💔 💔 
as my dad is painting madalynns nails he goes , hey . i never did this with you . how about that . #poophead ): 
nigel mad at me ! ! ? 😔 still love em tho ! 
USERNAME haha , rest assured we're still about 20 hours away :'( 
wow my parents took my bottle and poured it all out wtf 😡 😪 😭 
you can't look me in my eyes and tell me what's up . you're a bitch hiding behind you twitter , and phone . fight me bitch nigga ! > :( 
USERNAME i know 😔 dude let's have a movie night tomorrow ! no school monday 👍 
USERNAME ? ? ? wanna talk about it , or :( 
going to the movies alone since i was dubb'ed . 💔 URL 
on oovoo but no one to talk too ugh 😔 😥 😰 😭 
you should always expect the least from people and never get your hopes up . you'll only end up heartbroken 💔 
USERNAME you want my d lolol jk baby , ahh i dont have a ride 😭 💔 
USERNAME i wish you could marry your bed . <3 & sorry lady you have it . :( atleast you can sleep knowing im lonely too . #lifeasaloner 
USERNAME nothing at all it's really cold outside :-( wbu 
miss twining with baby brother ! ): @ chumuckla URL 
USERNAME no idea . i slept through the premiere :c 
USERNAME syempre be naalala ko yun . hahaha . ang lonely ngyon no ? kakamiss no be ? :( 
USERNAME sorry i missed that woke up late and never caught up on twitter :( 
USERNAME lol they didn't let me buy a halo 4 lanyard because my mom had to be there to use the credit card :( and there's only one left 
USERNAME ya know , i'm obsessed with you , but terrified of aliens 😔 not an okay combo in a tweet 💔 
USERNAME no ! i wanted the flower printed ones 😭 
USERNAME aww i totally would ): you know i would , but i'm with brianna & jake 
don't even feel like i deserve to talk to him 😢 
i got hit with some reality tonight 😔 😔 😣 
USERNAME strip them the shit ? etf autocorrect; the chance* #awk #myb don't make fun i'm sick the cold pills are gettin to me 😥 😞 😔 😷 😢 
USERNAME :( mad i'm not goin don't get sick tonight ! ! ! 
my nightstand consist of kleenex , vitamins , allergy medicine , candles and soup . #dying #pathetic 😭 😪 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( (( i kno , man when i get better ! ! ! i can ! ! ! ! 
this is why i rarely tell people anything . 😞 . 
USERNAME thanks nino .... but it's so not ok .... :/ :( 
i hope that tweet is about me .. but i have a feeling it's not 😞 😫 #missyou 
i've lost friends before , and life went on , but nothing hurt worse then when i lost you .. 😔 
awhh , i hate it when jesse and vocal adrenaline egg rachel :( #glee 
USERNAME no baby left :( but don't worry you are too . 
last sec game of my college career :( @ williams-brice stadium URL 
why are you talking to me ? you know i like you and what not . ass 😒 😭 
USERNAME wtf . i haven't seen you in forever :( 
USERNAME today it did :( my photo shoot was supposed to be this morning but it was poopy . 
it's cold as hell . my moms said if i touch the thermostat again , her son is going to end up on the back of a milk carton -__- #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sorry guys i had a headache :( 
USERNAME ugh there is pain in his eyes and it's killing me :'( 
USERNAME i'm sad i couldn't go either ! 💔 it's my favorite sisterhood ! 
USERNAME i think if i cry enough i will :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i should've met up with y'all , i don't wanna drive my myself :( lol 
“USERNAME :c ould our universe be merely one of billions ? USERNAME thinks so URL USERNAME 
my cell phone doesn't work :( i think i need a new one :( 
been a bum all day 😔 i feel guilty @ my comfy room URL 
that moment in the semester when you have so much to do that all you can do is sob 😭 😪😫<<<<<<<< #crybaby #stressedout 
just got a call for an interview at zumiez ... but i'm not in seattle right now ... damn it :c 
i only hate winter because i'm forced to wear pants .. 👖🙅 😭 
the end . i really hate seeing those words at the end of a book . my series is over :( how sad 
i wanna dye my hair red 😭 😭 😭 😭 
4 years gone a lifetime to go - miss you grandpopie </3 
i wish i could stay till monday to get henna on my hand ! :( USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME well im wit wateva . this agent is leaving on the 14th til after thanksgiving so idk if she gon b ready :( 
this are the moments that makes me feel ugly :c 
USERNAME aw that's a miserable way to spend a weekend ! :( feel better lovely ! ! not much going on here ... taking adv of being home relaxing ! 
USERNAME with my luck you would of just made fun of me for it .. #goodfriendstatus ! 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME damnn lmao okay you got it . cause i cant think of anything that smells bad :( 
USERNAME i didn't . ): but we gotta kill it dude ! ! ! 
feeling a bit melancholy tonight ... it happens from time to time :( 
and now she's gone and i'm a lonely babyy :( ( 
USERNAME ugh i know ! i had to babysit ! ! :( need to see y'all soon though ! 
i look to cute to be staying home . :'( lmao 
i feel bad for my bro his team lost they were 1 game from the championship ... he was crying 😞 
wish USERNAME would bring me some chuy's salsa but she doesn't love me 😔 
USERNAME hope your game goes better than ours :( good luck babe ! ❤ 
USERNAME USERNAME y'all have not talked to me for about almost a week 😿 
USERNAME ou nga eh be :'( ikaw sguro be wala na sayo bukas pero sakin ewan :( ayaw ko din eh -_- 
omg i cnt believe this ! :'( i cnt stop cry ! :'( 
found a one cup coffee maker . currently drinking banana mary lous with dark chocolate almond milk and choc . syrup . need a latte though :( 
USERNAME lol no but its stupid how things work here in philly :( 
USERNAME omg tim i'm so sorry :( he was the best puppy #alldogsgotoheaven 
USERNAME estaba yo solita en sb , esperando al tren de malvern 💔 
oh man ... i just realized i won't get my new year's kiss ... :( (( #badluck USERNAME 
i dont know what its going to take to get better im resting , taking my medicine nothing is helping :( 
USERNAME i am so depressed i can't play . 😭 
i haven't tweeted once today :( i feel like 💩 
noo please don't tell me i'm allergic to dogs too :( 😖 😩🐺 #woofwoofmuthafucka 
that moment when your brother laugh at you for falling down the steps then yells at you #fml 
bored .. with no one to talk to 😪 😔 😞 
USERNAME true , that's doc 101. what are you watching ? the last really good one i rewatched was dear zachary . very sad :( (( 
USERNAME ... i miss the days when billy crystal didn't put a crowd to sleep :( 
this nigga isn't even worth the try 😔 💔 ✌ 
jst fell in the middle of the street with cars looking at me ! again ! 😔 😩 
:( . people that don't realize how great they are << . 
he might not want me after tonight 😢 😩 😭 
disappointed :( i really wanted to hang out with you man :'( 
i did it again ! > :( hopefully no one saw that . 
USERNAME then i don't get to wear it ! :( 
USERNAME becca's shimmering skin perfector in pearl ! it was highly recommended by lisa eldridge . i'm so bummed :( 
blahh the struggle of finding bud in florida ... 😔 
USERNAME gingg ❤ me too badly 😞 answer my text biaatch 😘 
so this is how it ends 😔 102 fever for 2 days and haven't eaten in 2 days . i'm gunna die . 
hunting oreos with debbie . (x mumsy surely thought this one through . :( 
USERNAME ur telling me ! :( you need to text me mr . we need to talk lol 
s/o to the chick that works at the olive garden in the bala cynwyd shopping center ... i lost your number ! :-( 
i really don't wanna go out tonight 😔 😞 fucking ayye man 
USERNAME hit me with a pillow while i was texting and my phone fell on my face 😢 
charlie st cloud is on ...... a little ironic :( 
USERNAME the days you go i dont & the days i go you dont . ): 
USERNAME did she wake u up with breakfast in bed 😳 😭 
what's there to do tonight ? ! ? ! ? ! 😔 
saying goodbye to my dad until february . i hate this ): 
the fact that the girls that were my best friend just left me actually balling .. 😭 
😔 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 kreo ke desde ke estoi aki en ohio me a pasado de todo me gustaria ir me a mexico con mi mama #missingmymom 
i cannot fall asleep right now or i'm gonna wake up at like 8 and think its the morning .. 😞 
i wanna go out tonight but i don't wanna drive so far to get my sis ! :( 
i wish i had somewhere to wear my minnetonka boots ! ): 
i miss sandra & eymi so much :c that's why i love that they go to cell c': 
USERNAME USERNAME aww good luck ! ! ! i wanted you to come hang out ! one night we really all have to ! ! :( 
charlie st . cloud has got to be the saddest movie ever ! ! 😭 😭 😭 
but i cant wash my head or do my hair :( 
part 1 (nxt 2 in nxt tweet ): i can hear youor heaart beat to the beat of the drumm . oh , what a shame that u came here with someoone ! 
USERNAME i can't believe icarly is only 1 more ep . away from ending . i've watched all ur shows u created since the 1st ep . :{ ) 
wow i come home to my fish dead 👰👰👰 💔 
wow i cant believe i am getting sad right now :( 
thanks for all the stars but i was hoping for head :( 
i feel bad i keep the doggies out for so long at a time now . 😔 
it's so sad watching auburn lose this bad live 😔 
USERNAME omg . come back now , he's singing now and telling me where he lives i can't even deal . :( (((((( 
USERNAME USERNAME tried tht millions of times didnt work :( 
waahh just finished USERNAME s book .. i kind of never wanted it to end #sadtweet 
i wanted to play with the doggies but i couldn't find their tennis ball . 😔 😒 😞 
rt "USERNAME : but , harry ! ! ! URL oww . :'( why nott . 
USERNAME i don't think anyone would of been ! #peace #gross 😣 
i hope my poor USERNAME is not sad :( #ripjelena 
triste rt USERNAME so i would lock myself out my fucking apt and no one is home . :( 
too bad she not workn tonite 😞 really would of made my day 
USERNAME invite me 😊 noo not nov 24 😞 its my bestie 15 
only 2 more hours til i go and get my baby girl ! #sadtweet #withdrawls 
USERNAME yeah yeahh .. haha i miss you ! :( 
i want a date to the movies :( #sadness #foreveralone 
when you feel like you're about to throw up when someone hits you in the testes>>>>>> #fml 
my hair looks so cute straight ! wish i would do it all the time ): URL 
i just want a sign telling me its going to be ok 😔 
should i give up ? or should i just keep chasing pavements , even if it leads no where . 💔 
USERNAME oh :( first thing im gonna get chipotle when i get back ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME awe :( you're going on a road trip without me ? d: come see me ! lol 
USERNAME the team is getting back together ! ! i miss my little sister :( 
i love seeing him but theres just one bad part i hate , USERNAME is saying goodbye ! ! :( <3 
its a joke . but i haven't seen her ! ! :( 
USERNAME you need to come to long island one weekend ! :( 
had at this restaurant up here . i swear it doesn't compare to back home :( 
USERNAME without me . :( by me sum den bring it to my house . lol 
survived a night at work with no voice and only 9 hours till my next shift .... 😣 
i don't understand why girls love tiny dogs . i want a nice friendly lab to cuddle up to . :( 
crackheads will jugg anything from you lmao .. you could've atleast took my beanie to keep your head warm . not the cool greys bro :'( 
USERNAME 😞 😩😩😩 noo don't ! ! ! i sowwy ! ! ! 
the love of my life from my psych class just asked me to sign his girlfriend into towers for him #depressed 💔 😥 
i don't wanna leave USERNAME or USERNAME 😢 😔 😞 
USERNAME ayye ! i told him . i miss space city :( 
mark yehl's going away :-( (@ the black squirrel w/ USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
2 hours until i'm back in the shaw where i have a lack of two daughters . USERNAME USERNAME #sadtweet #missthem 
you know you old af when you can buy your own liquor 😔 
my babies have gone missing ... #pleasehelp they aren't just dogs ... they are family . 🙍😫 😰 😢 URL 
USERNAME yeah ! ! :-( fuck around and go on a run . #nicenight 
USERNAME the end just killed me :( poor gilbert ! 
lexie i need to talk to you i can't even deal i fucked up ... i need to talk to someone ! ! ! 💔 💔 💔 😪 
i wanna talk to ian ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( alize said i act like he loves me baack -___- *cries* she said im too into him too much< 
who knew jen could say the alphabet backwards #soproud #growinguptoofast 💔 URL 
my mom just told me what happened .... #welost ): 
USERNAME i miss you too ... we all need to hang out soon havent seen trevor in a while either :( 
closer ... don't feel good :( (@ greenback & san juan) URL 
telling myself , everything will get better ... believing it is the hard part . 😔 
thinking of how everything used makes me sad because i miss it :c 
USERNAME retail therapy doesn't work when you don't find what you're looking for :( haa #fail 
USERNAME but we have a problem ! i have to make the team first :( 
USERNAME same here ! sold out just as we got to window ! so close ! :( 
i sitll remember the shirt you wore , the first time you same over to my house . #imissyou #sadtweet 
i dont know if i can sing or not .............. but :[ umm i have a feeling i cant v.v 
ya go to college to get away from small towns and now that you're here , all ya wanna do is go back . i need a dirt road .... 😞 
sawyer brooke scott , i miss you . and wish i could've watched you grow up :( #oth USERNAME 
these #jeremyscott #adidas bears look so sad . :c @ adidas outlet URL 
ahh , the pacers finally pull off their 3rd win . wishing my danny a speedy recovery , i miss him 😔 ... 
if only that nicki minaj tweet was real though 😔 😔 😔 
i feel soo bad right now .. todays the quince and i couldnt do it cause of mariachi .... how am i gonna face her tomorrow :( 
USERNAME handa ? ewan ko be . mahal ko sia eh :( 
USERNAME i wish ... i haven't seen her for two days )) ): 
working a double tomorrow and monday and somehow in between studying for a huge exam #whatalife 😣 🔫 
waiting for daisy to get here so we can leave for la . been waitn 4 3 hours now . i would have been in huntington beach already by now . 😔 
USERNAME :-( no ! excuse while i take to my bed and pout about this .... 
i have no desire to do anything lately . still so sad about kelly . my heart hurts so bad . i miss him terribly . :'( 
my phone & computer are slow today . i'm finna die :c 
ehh , i'm such a nerd . i have no chance w/ danny granger . he's married with a newborn son ... 😔 
not on the USERNAME mac app keyboard shortcut documentation (but handy to know ): 
USERNAME USERNAME that's just mean ! ! ! :( my poor boys ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME you guys aren't coming to our last game ? ! 😢 
USERNAME i was at the strand and now i'm eatin down here :( ( 
USERNAME you guys aren't gunna be done until like 10 that's too late 😔 
USERNAME i miss you more :( like .... 40 days ! ! 
USERNAME thank you ! ! ! umm why aren't you here right now ? ! 😔 😢 
making a house out of popsicle sticks is harder than i thought ! :( 
i love seeing him but theres just one part i hat and it's saying goodbye ! ! :( <3 USERNAME 
USERNAME i tweet you how much i love you everyday but you always ignore me 😞 
i look over at my daughter memorial site telling myself to get out of the car but i cant do it because i know im gonna break down & cry :( 
de-icing 😭 => i love snow but hate flying in it . #scared @ denver international airport (den) URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME lmao wow it didnt tag u im so sick of that ! ! ! and i prob did 😭 
i hate having to say goodbye to you 😔 USERNAME 
i thought morrisville hockey was supposed to be good :( #disappointed 
hooters ! ! ! ! ! ! ass and titties ! ! but not big booty bitches ! :( 
can everyone pray for me because im having a bad time right now because of parents fighting and a bunch of other things with 1d :( thanks 
i just realized our little cute family is broken ... 😰 😭 😔 💔 
watching transformers alone without USERNAME cause she doesn't love me anymore :( 
that moment when i get a bill and my report card in the same day 😭 ima just go cry now . 
someone is gonna die right now . bitch those were my slices and wings . i would of gave u a slice and at least a wing . 😡 😡 😡 😡 💔 😭 
schoolboy q and ab-soul ! no kendrick though . :( URL 
someone took me to universal studios and then this place ( #bubbagump ): URL 
i can't face the truth , that he doesn't give a fuck about me , my feelings , tears or how much i care :( 
and on top of that alexa didn't text back .. 😢 
went to 3 different red boxes just to get magic mike ! ! but none had them ! 😢 👎 
all 4 concerts close to here sold out in like 10 min :( ((( 
-was counting on going to the game tomorrow . sucks to be broke ! ....... :'( USERNAME #mlsplayoffs #hdc 
USERNAME noo i have 2 other more midterms to do :( i should be getting on it though .. did u ? 
USERNAME i totally had 2000 on my old one ! :( no fair 
joseph has 2 needles in his hand 😭 😖 URL 
i won't let go by rascal flatts is my song to #oomf 💔 ❤ #staystrong 
i want to take a vacay back to california , i miss it 😔 ✈ 
smh , i'm done .... my stomach hurt :'( i just wanna go home and lay in , my bed ! #hurt 
i don't feel good :( @ the ostermeyer household URL 
few choices of what to do tonight but i'm still on the couch #fuck #depressing 
seriously . i hate feeling like i annoying . 😔 #justsaying 
USERNAME i know but you never talk to me :( lol 
USERNAME USERNAME hey ! you two hush ! at least yours is close to home and you'll see em tomorrow :( #wahh 
my baby hit her mouth on the table . i wanted to cry . 😥 
USERNAME sowwy ! ! :( enjoy this weekend with your hubby ! ill be back soon ! 
i do not understand this lit project 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i know ): i'll be bacck round christmas ! 
i always retweet USERNAME tweets but he still never follows me :( 
i haven't seen you in forever ! ! ... 😔 😭 
USERNAME lmfao . i have no clue :( that's why i don't have a white man ! lol 
USERNAME i don't feel good that's why i'm stayin in i sorry ): 
my heart was just ripped in two by this movie 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME wish i was joining you two :( #loserstatus 
i miss my franns ! USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( #girlsnight wednesday ? ! 
either my hangover just hit me or i have the flu 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
being sick is no fun and i still have to work :( 
i'm gonna be crying all night thanks to charlie st . cloud 😭 
USERNAME i'm already crying :'( we can cry together ! 
i feel like all you chivers should know i'm seriously jealous of your zip ups . stop posting awesome pictures of them right meow . 😣 
the fact that USERNAME followed faye and not me ) ): 
my tongue . :( holy shit . does someone wanna be my best friend and bring me something to keep the swelling down ? 
4days not talking to you seems like it's been months so used to talking to you 24/7 and seeing you 😔 
USERNAME i have had one all day too ! #sadtweet 
i didnt know that USERNAME was already following me .. ): #oops 
#sometimesiwonder why i'm so fucking awesome ... wait i'm a loser . :( 
even though i'm just getting to sleep now 😣 😨 
i don't like that USERNAME never texted or snapchatted me back ! 😠 💔 
USERNAME and who is the best now ? ! :( 
these dreams are going to be the end of me 😣 
burnt the fuck out of my finger 😣 #fuck #ouch 
why is my ass hanging out with 5 grown women tonight on my saturday night . ughh fml 😭 
USERNAME we will never know all you could have done for our country . :( ..... 
USERNAME omg ! when you have been single as long as me then you'll know how i feel ): #sadlife #singlelife #bored #lonely 
oh no my tummy is sad now . no pizza for it . 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 
last home towson football game of the season 😢 🏈 @ johnny unitas stadium URL 
USERNAME seth has got a twitter and seen what i said about him ..... #fml #awkwardd 
roomate outa town in all alone at home :( i need company ! ! ! 
USERNAME they sure do mine is 5 and it seems only yesterday i was meeting her for the first time :-( 
i've been eating all day & i feel fat & i can't throw up #fml 
USERNAME i know , im most def not cute :( #teamuglay 
just a typical saturday night . watching some nicolas sparks bawling my eyes out . 😭 #lameass 
*do not disturb* option turning on , now . :'( 
it's nights like these i miss hanging out with USERNAME 😭 
af nessas hras da vontade de estar no brasil . af :'( e derrepente meu olho encheu 
USERNAME i want to , but dont have an oovoo :( 
USERNAME USERNAME ): yup yup yup but i will get it back watch and see haha 
watching the vow 💍 ❤ 💋 😭 😓 it's kind of a sad movie .. 
USERNAME no comment nalang be :'( sguro hanngang dito nalang . 
i hate this feeling ! ); fuck you withdraws ! > :( 
USERNAME :( i really wish you were here now , i need a shoulder to cry on . you back at school ? 
USERNAME i miss you too :( eh life's whatever . txt me ! ! ! 
USERNAME i miss you too ! :( it's been too long . separation anxiety ! ! ! 
i hate being that nice nigga >.> never goes well for me , sometimes i wonder if they want me to be a dick . 😔 
i kno u said don't pay no mind wen u get like this but it's so hard wen u do it soo good 😣 
USERNAME :/ if you were down here , maybe we could do something . i haven't seen you yet this year :( 
head ache is just now letting up ! ! #headachessuck 😣 😞 
USERNAME i have to sleep with :-USERNAME tonight :( (( it wont be the same 
USERNAME i have a stomach ache :( & i wanna look at hair dye 
USERNAME it hurts when you're tweeting everyone but not me </3 
don't take what you have for granted or you could loose it forever . #truth 💔 
USERNAME it was fun ! i didnt get your text :( 
USERNAME twilight movies might be over but your fans are forever . heard you killed it at #tentcity . wanted to go but too sick :( 
USERNAME :'( do u want te to ask my celb friend to fallow u 
i really wish i could've gone to the tree lighting ): 
every time i come to vallarta it reminds me of USERNAME 😞 #imissyou 
feelin too sore and lazy to go out tonight . 😞 
going to be the toughest 3 weeks of my life .. 😔 😒 😞 
:( . i want to move back , so badly . 
i don't like that girl on my tl she mad rude and like to ingore me :'( 
USERNAME it's okay he ignored my request . and then i cancelled it and resent it and he ignored it again :( 
for whatever reason , this week has left me emotionally exhausted . ready for this funk to be gone . 😔 
USERNAME but i have no doubt that it'll be a great time , i'm jealous :( next time ? ! 
wish i was a fredonia so i could celebrate my best friends birthday with her 😔 😢 USERNAME #wife #nineteen #loveyousomuch ❤ 
USERNAME USERNAME i hate that we're havin an academic convo about sex (in all its forms lol) :( lol 
can't believe a man mugged my sister on a train in chicago tonight and stole everything she had . i don't know what's wrong with people 😞 
that voicemail i just got <<<<< wtf ? ! :c 
how come i try my best at everything but fail ! :( 
txtd him , called him , txtd him , called him , called him , called him ... still no answer :/ :'( 
USERNAME i'm so beyond down to cuddle right now , and your brother is working . ): we have problems chelly 
i miss my two bffs in corvallis i always knew i can trust them but no we dont talk :( USERNAME n USERNAME so much 4 bffs :( </3 
, i still havee nobody to teach me how to play basketball #king said he would but idek talk to him ! i barely know him ! :( 
my cat ran away -.- even my cat doesnt want me :c 
USERNAME can u please come over tomorrow with rainbow :( 
i gotta stop smokin weed for a while 💔 😞 
USERNAME today is the day that i will not meet him . :( let's cry together . lol 
my cheeks and forehead have been red all day 😔 i look like this 😳 URL 
just played his version by neyo that i found in my email .. i'm crying so bad . 😢 💔 why i do this to myself i have no idea .. 
USERNAME i beg god to make it stop & he doesn't , he let's me hurt :( 
i am sadden by the fact that the secret life of an american teenager is going to get canceld :'( 
i want somebody to take me to see breaking dawn part 2 when it come out 😣 
i wish i would have never even moved here :( 
wish i could see these damn emojis ! ! :( #mom ! #iphone ! #now ! 
the vow is the sweetest movie ever . 😭 ❤ 
USERNAME i'm so mad ! :( i really wanted to see it ! 
wish i could celebrate USERNAME bday tonight but i'm dying in bed #makemeproud #blackout #tequila 😭 😰 😓 
USERNAME yup lol i can send them but they don't show :( 
i don't like it when 16 year olds look like 20-something year olds .. pisses me off .. especially when they are beauts 😞 😞 
USERNAME i don't , either . i was supposed to be in houston . somebodyy wouldn't let me go . now i'm bored . #fml 
my throat sore and i gotta headache . sucks . :( 
happy saturday ! missing my other half tho 💔 USERNAME @ cc offices URL 
i feel like you would always be a day behind ? 😞 
i miss my sage so much USERNAME 😭 👎 😰 💔 #getungrounded #and #getyophoneback 
i want the orange maine coon on #toocute soo badly . why must mark be allergic to cats ? ! 😿 
it's only the first time of tour and i already need my boyfriend back :'( 
USERNAME omg i wanna be watching it right noww ): 
USERNAME sobra be :'( sana nga ganun nalang kadali alisin love kung pwdi lang :( 
USERNAME USERNAME berry fests :( what're we supposed to doo 
USERNAME merrp i know ): why can't we be rich ! 
that bonnie & clyde relationship , where we ride together 🚲, cry together 😭 , fight together 👊💢 😡 , die together 💀 ❤ 💀 >>>>>>>> 💏💯” 
USERNAME i wish you'd come back already , but we done had that conversation . & you there to staay :'( 
where the heck did i leave danny & paul's bracelets ? ? fudge i freaking just had them ! ! ! ! 😱 😩😫 😥 😰 
i'm honestly the biggest fuck up sometimes i just wish i didn't do half the things i do :( i can never do anything right in my parents eyes 
USERNAME yep . uptown location is now on magazine and aline but they don't serve food . martin's in metairie is the only one now . :( 
i feel like ill be forgotten about by monday :( 
if i had one wish it would be for USERNAME to come stay the night with me . i miss her . 😔 
i'm not even alone , but damn do i feel lonely . 💔 
😢 wow that really hurt my feelings alexis ....... 😔 
bathrobe chillin cause i can't decide on what to wear for tonight 😔 ✌ URL 
yesterday at my skool was a game saw USERNAME miss him </3 tall stop wat place did u guys get ? i was so happy to see all u guys <3 
i'm glad bryce's mom and step dad trust me enough to watch their house while they are all on vacation but i miss my boyfriend :( 
USERNAME it wasn't my question ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😧 
just thought bout it , my thick follower still didn't dm me 😔 😔 😁😁 
ok but read your shit . you messages and everything shit cazy . </3 
USERNAME this movie is sad and i'm lonely 😢 URL 
love is evol , spell it backwards ill show you 💔 
USERNAME i don't have your number :( message me it 
i wish i had more girl friends ... gosh i always wanna do something when everyone works or has plans already 😔 
how much longer em i going to have to feel like this ? ? ? :'( 
it's the first real night of tour and i already need my boyfriend back :'( #worstnight #movingaway 
USERNAME 💔 i had to go under the bleachers then this #goon named USERNAME tryed to drop a coffee on me 
USERNAME USERNAME i think i just threw up 😳 😧 🙊 
auburn' qb just threw an interception and there was no one there to see it :( #allinourcarsheadinghome 
USERNAME USERNAME the weekend is calling me sad life ): 
having to be home right now instead of laying down with you cuddling listening ti your heartbeat sucks :( i missed you as soon as i drove off 
USERNAME no i have to wait till it ships in i got it on amazon do i won't get it till next week :( 
is it too early for nyquil ? ! 😣 😷 😔 
you never text me ! 😣 rt USERNAME when USERNAME doesnt answer my texts <<<<<< lol 
oh my god , my grandpa just fell on top of my grandma and may have broken her ankle ! #freakingout #heswasted #emergencyroomtime :'( ( 
wtf somehow i got sick within 3 hours on a saturday night 😩 😭 😫 
going to bed super early just not in a good mood :-( 
when guys are different around there friends <<<<< #notcool 👊 😔 
USERNAME hugs to you adele . stay sweet , i have to run though :( 
USERNAME u were my fave on tha show ... now who am i gonna root 4 ? ? ? :'( 
USERNAME thanks babe ! ! miss you . i've already visited burlington twice since i left :( 
comiendo de a forever alone :( (@ panda express) URL 
rtrt USERNAME all i want to do right now is cry 😢 
happy bday dad ! ur always in my thoughts ..... rip :( 
USERNAME apir ! ! :( ( ate kyle :( ( 
USERNAME wish i could but i can't :( you're my absolute favorite thought ! 💛 
bored as fuck ! ! nothing to do tonight ! ! #fml #bored 
USERNAME - went to pga , got seated quick , food was great (as always), but service was poor :( - the waitress starting w/ s needs training . 
USERNAME but ...... i like you a lot 😒 😔 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( (( it wasn't my intention i'm really sorry ;; 
USERNAME after 30 minutes of trying to get him to say yes , he said no . :( 
i miss my daniel 😥 😢 😭 😨 😫😩 URL 
my girls ! ! i miss working soccer :( #ncaatourney (@ john walker soccer complex consession stand) URL 
sad that i never see USERNAME on my tl 😔 
USERNAME seriously ya khara your pissing me off stop 😭 
USERNAME who said you were oomf ? jk . i know :( 
dad change the channel bak to #awkward pleasee 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME omg thank you i'm so sad i'm glad that somebody understands woe is me 💔 
wish i could wear eyeliner on my waterline without my eyes turning red :( 
one thing i hate about my new computer system is that its too tall to put my feet on like the old one :-( 
mad imissed out on mugshots today . double :( i still haven't tried them yet 
i don't want to go up with them ! ! ! :( 
hmm nobodies hittin me up tonight ... :( hmu ! ! 
USERNAME omg are you watching #dearjohn bc that movie makes me slightly suicidal ! 😭 
USERNAME 😔 i texted cole ... he's a dick lol 
went yo a bunch of places tonight , but for whatever reason , foursquare wasn't working . :( URL 
i went to every lmu home game & two away games last year . & tonight i didn't make it to the first home game . #fml 
USERNAME does it look like mine was done there :c URL 
i can't believe i have to miss the yoga pants party tonight #fml #gymbrosyogahoes 
USERNAME too good . too good . it was nice running into you last weekend ! miss you :( 
i feel as if i let my guard down only to get hurt again .... ) ): 
i would text . him but i lost his # :-( 
today just wasn't what i expected it to be 😔 😒 
USERNAME hell yeah it does , can't sleep in anymore . 😔 i want my summer back ! 
USERNAME yeah it would lol i need one and i would love to have one but my schedule sucks and next semester it will suck even worse . :( 
nw: takutan tayo . kaya mo ? ? ? ? USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #karen abs-cbn halloween special 😁 😧 👺👹 
USERNAME i will ! it's in the evening though so we will see how the timing goes . dr said i'm going to be a tough nut to crack 😞 
i put that picture up on purpose cause you don't know what i'm feeling . :'( 
i really need 1 person to follow me on instagram ... #please i have 666 followers ! 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i wanna see you all ! :( 
always reminds me of my bestfriend .. :( i hardly see her anymore since i moved :'( URL 
USERNAME hello love , ! ! i miss you more :( 
ohh my gosh . just answer the phone . 😭 
i love USERNAME and i wish she was here at ualbany with me 😭 😥 i love youu 
mr pizza has a mustache :{ ) @ scouts canada - yoho scout reserve URL 
istill aint got use 2 dis tyme change yet 😔 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME please come to canada 😢 i need to see you live 
USERNAME where is that follow back at ? ? ? 😔 
it is fucking cold ! dang someone cuddle with me :( 
i got taller and no one believes me . 😭 
so tired and it's only 640 ! what is wrong with mee .. 😞 
no ! i didn't 😔 rt USERNAME USERNAME wuut ? you didnt get my good mornin' text like a couple days ago ? 
USERNAME you are too ? ? ? i was all last night ! and i'm still sick ! :/ i'm sorry dear ! get better ! :( 
god please give me strength right now 😞 🙏 #icandothis 
hate having feelings towards someone and not knowing how they feel <<<<< 😞 😔 
connecticut your pizza is whaack . i miss new york ): 
USERNAME mmhmm u cant even give up one sunday for cici :( 
i wish my phone battery lasted forever , low battery and my night hasn't even started . #fml 
wish it was the begging of this movie ): #iloveitsomuch . lol 
USERNAME i don't wanna go kwisten :( i have no home to live in ! i live with kyle 
USERNAME help . even though you're probably busy right now :( 
i hate how im always there for people and when i need someone theres no one there for me . :( #sucks 
USERNAME i can't help you if i feel the same way . </3 
basketball is the one sport i can't get into . so boring to me . :( 
what a day i am finally home just waiting on my hubby to get home from referee games miss him so much :( 
i really just want these memories to kiss my ass :'( 
USERNAME i know ! hubby was in jamaica today #fml 
i got on twitter looking to see if anyone else got a deer but i didn't see any ! ! ! ! 😔 #disappointed #onlyme ? 
today isn't my day </3 USERNAME im sorry i hope you can forgive me :/ i hate myself ! ! </3 
mentally preparing myself for a double shift tomorrow 😥 😭 
i know USERNAME wish he didn't have to work and could come to the game but oh well too bad lmao 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME yun nalang iniicip ko be . sana darating din time na yun :( pero yung love ? sia lang minahal ko ng ganito be ;( 
i hated working at outback ... but i do miss some of my co-workers :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME pookie please don't do this too me :( you know i don't have a phone && plus i been asked for a number on you :( i'm sad 
i think i'm the taylor swift of bbay . can't find love 💔 
USERNAME me to ! i've been out of the car for like 20min but i still feel disgusting ! :c 
you had my heart , but then you blew it ! 💔 
USERNAME haha shut up , i know this 😔 😒 
USERNAME boo you're gonna hate me when i tell you that i made bread pudding and didn't tell you . :( #badfriendtweet we have leftover ! 
oomf called me babe ( : aww he's being so cute && sweet right now ( : something i needed right since no one else is making me happy ): 
#evconcertmemories in columbus at the 2nd com date and hearing new disappear live ! so awesome . only regret is not meeting USERNAME :( 
when my boyfriend falls asleep on me this early :( #rude 
:'( im gunna lose my 4g . im gunna miss you :x 
so me & my aunt & alex are talking about paranormal things and i'm like freaking out . i'm about to cry , lol . :c 
USERNAME that's what i'm saying ! miss you soo much 😔 💔 
i need a damn i fucked up big time and need to change this button right now ! </3 :( 
USERNAME stupid world ! it's mean . and it smells . i hope it reads this . > :( 
nice . so this awesome victory just got ruined by this . #broken #depressed 
USERNAME cuz she thought it was distracting me from school :-( 
USERNAME thanks for the s/o love of my life , wish you were here with me 😔 
people act like they came for her . 😞 lol 
USERNAME hella lol when you calling me > :[ ? ! 
country cruisin , and listenin' to jason aldean to clear my head>> #sadtweet #thinking 
USERNAME USERNAME lmao becca . gimme that becky ! aw makes me think of rebecca :( 
get back to bg and everyone's outside drinking and i'm going home to an empty apartment :( 
really ! ! ! disney ! ! ! ! you need to fix the light on ball and disneyway the street lights are terrible and traffic is backed up . not cool ! :-( 
too bad i can't go to bed for awhile 😔 
USERNAME so wish i could see you when you are in winchester va next week ! but i of course have to work :( i would love to meet you ! ! 
USERNAME :( ((( i wanted to go so bad ! i couldn't help it 😩 
USERNAME USERNAME but it's funny if you read all of it :( basically she said she only has 1.5 friends so i said i was the .5 and 
one of the worst days of my life USERNAME :( 
USERNAME haha naw ! well i'm like foreal super sick n shiit and now i gotta get all these blood tests ): 
USERNAME lol ! a looser on a saturday night goes there 😔 😔 😉 😉 i thought so too , but the cam one is alive and strong ! ! ! 
can't take my boots back home because i only have one bag to go on the plane ! ! ! 😔 😔 😔 
hey ma'riah , nobody giving a shit about me either :( 
USERNAME does it have sentimental value , or is it your ex-wife's ? 😔 
USERNAME i don't remember how to set up all those things :( 
sad to know that was the last competition for the year :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i miss the person you used to be . #sadtweet 
i don't have enough USERNAME to listen to :'( #firstworldproblems 
USERNAME we miss you too baby . 😚 😚 . lol but she misses you too . don't be 😔 . 
USERNAME aww poor baby :( my mouth hurts soo bad :'( 
you mean the world to me and i need you to forgive me ! ! ! your my maine ! ! ! #can 'tdealwithoutyou </3 
my dad called me from nayarit mexico and he told me if i wanted some tacos damn ! i wanna be there so bad :c 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME thanks , but some how i find it difficult to have fun when so much of our country is suffering :( 
i've stopped paying attention to the game .... sigh :( 
i hate centipedes more than anything in the world 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i'm so sad , i didn't saw you today :( URL 
USERNAME boo . you whore . looking for something to do :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME me imagino aria yo quiero ! ! ! :( 
so bored about to go find a wheelchair and ride around the hospital ! #fml 
he changed for no reason like gottah not fwm but then got mad when i started fw somebdy else :( 
USERNAME id like to know why she is ! but you aint following me ): so i can't reply ! 
& i still want you after everything ... that's my problem .. #sadday #heartbreak #truth #myprob 
USERNAME ok mayb next time :( we gotta do drinks soon and catch up on the tea 
yoloing in milwaukee for the last time 😔 😔 never want to go back to indiana . 
USERNAME omfg this friday ! ? :'( before you leave we have to see each other ! 
all i do is think about her and how i don't have any were to run to anymore ... :( ... # a . h 
USERNAME no way did you really .. ! ? ? 😞 😔 
USERNAME yes ! ! except i can't watch because i will be in school :( fly me out to ny please hahaha 
USERNAME hahaha she waas ! ! ! too bad i didn't see you :( or meaghan ! ! 
i regret not having my 15 cause all the money my parents game me i could have got either way 😔 
just got done watching the walking dead ... can't believe lori died ! :( 
USERNAME im sorry i did that can you call me i promise i will make everything better between us ! ! ! ! </3 
USERNAME petey bro i hate having to say goodbye wish you could come hang #sadtweet 
USERNAME please look at this . i worked hard . :( URL 
guess i won't get to see USERNAME tonight niggahs parents tripping just crossing the train tracks my damn .. :( 
USERNAME USERNAME he probably didnt mean to you quoted it and yur name automatically got pu t.t here 
USERNAME i totally thought i was right .. 😔 URL 
first day in awhile i left work without USERNAME :( 
USERNAME im so excited for you guys to be here but i cant go to the today show :( meh 
don't wanna go back to school monday 😭 i'm so used to just going to disney world and not having homework 
USERNAME he move too fast 😭 😭 😭 😭 URL 
getting out of your blazing hot shower into -5 degree weather has to be the worst 😭 
my phone turned off so now i have to tweet off my ipod :c 
why am i at this awesome place alone :( i would have split the spoils of my war with hammerschlagen 
USERNAME lol that's better than being starving ! lol gotta go to bed :( 
man i needed this weekend to be great . 😔 
USERNAME i cant believe i wouldnt see you again ! ! ! ! tho ur very near us :-( 
i really love my dog , but i want a new puppy soo bad :( 
USERNAME where is jef ? are you still with him ? no recent pics :( 
that moment when you wish your best friend was here but she's 1,200 miles away :( #sad #spf USERNAME 
USERNAME lmao working and living life -.- waiting for school and trynna buy a car haha , life is boring tho :( 
break my ass . i'm going out tonight in my red high heels . 👠 💋 👎💍 💔 🍹🍸 
USERNAME yea me too i wanna play halo 4 ! and gears of war . you gonna get bo2 ? i wish i can :[ 
i wanna cry .. this is the last time . i promise myself . no more will i ever do that to myself with a nigga 😔 😥 😢 😔 
i only wanna talk to #oomf , but i can't ): 
and my dad is watching #americanhotrods which makes me think of him ! 😔 
it was so hard to say goodbye probably for the last time to my grandpa 😭 😢 😢 💔 💔 
that's it . wcs 2013 musical can welcome me aboard 🎶 … if i can manage to stay at collegiate . 😔 
USERNAME wish you were here to go out with me for my birthdayy :( #partnersincrime 
my little sister texts more people than i do 😔 
eating a bunch of random junk food was a good idea 😔 not anymore thou 
USERNAME prayers for those affected by this disease . my dad died almost two years ago from alzheimers . such a sad way to go :( 
USERNAME i miss u lots too :( idk come to myon & shane ! ! ! 
soccer tryouts on monday and i'm gonna die because i can't even run without looking like a gimp because of my fucked up ankle . :[ 
USERNAME ahahahah , omg i watch and laugh at those everyday , now i feel badish . :c 
blaah where's jess when i need her 😩 😭 😖 
USERNAME :( do i need to report it elsewhere or do you have it covered ? 
USERNAME i'm on medicine that makes me really sick and i work tomorrow morning :( 
well called kevin & he didn't answer :( .. so ima just call it a night 
gotta stay up for the duck game ... why am i so tired 😒 😣 😴 
USERNAME i keep hearing they ran small . that's always a bummer . :( 
one again , sorry for not being prefect 😔 👌 
corona and american football . alone :( (@ draft house) URL 
USERNAME i got there at six and they already are so no food for me :( 
USERNAME autocorrect corrected it right before i sent it :( 
females get mad over da smallest things ! ! 😣 👎 
i miss my old friends :( we used to get it smackin now i never see yins ❤ 
well i was at 1,200 followers now i'm not anymore ! :( can i get back there please ? ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i was in lincoln all day and didn't see a single one of you :( #sadtweet 
”i don't even know what's going on with my life” omfg justin :( (" 
my phone is dying from all these tweets #ugg #fml 
USERNAME boo , guess i gotta get bridge street :( 
sometimes with friends u don' t know how to support their mistakes and failures . :( 
didn't go party it up in yuba cooter . someone text me , i'm bored ): 
dreading driving into the city so late . and i bet USERNAME will already be zonked out in bed when i finally get there ! 😞 
USERNAME create a tornado and effing kill mee . ): 
USERNAME yeah i know i'm so sad i couldn't come home ): 
USERNAME awe i so so will 😢 💋 i pwomise ! 
USERNAME goodd how are you i miss youu :( (( 
looks like its just me n my bed tonight ... #kevinleftme #ihavenofriends #loner 😔 😫 💔 
i won't let anyone sleep on your side of the bed ! 😔 
:( rt USERNAME sean's over here being a simpy simp for devin lol 
USERNAME oops ! ! ! wasnt ... this headache is getting the best of me . i can't think straight :( 
picking a quince over my dream car is haard ! dream car = will have forrevver . no daddy :( quince = last one day . daddy with me for a while 
i just wanna tell you , that i can say hello to you & risk another goodbye 💔 
it's not even 9 & my buzz is at fucking -364, i need a smok & freaks & geeks . 💔 😪🚬 
she talks abbout me in her tweets but when i ask to talk to her she dont want to talk </3 
my family hates me ... they try and avoid me as much as they can 😔 
i don't know if i'm 😥 or 😠 about that . 
when you brake a chip in the dip #fml #failmary 
USERNAME vamonos , todavía me falta un año :( ¿que edad tienes ? 
why is my room so cold lately ? i'm cold af ! 😞 
otp with cedrick . omfg words cant even explain how much i miss this guy :( we have to meet somewhere asap ! 
i told my mom i want this for christmas and she said i'm crazy :( URL 
USERNAME its pretty but i use lists a lot & tweedle makes them difficult to get to just like official client :-( 
oh wait .. i guess it can ! :'( why did you have to add me and talk to me . :( 
leaving my wallet on top of my car and losing it somewhere on 17<<<<<< #fml this is just freakin great 
cause i felt you long after we were through . </3 
USERNAME :( it's a long story but i'm still on my stuff don't worry 
i wish i had a boyfriend :( (((( kinda glad i don't though . 
USERNAME haha no i mid you so much too 😢 
i got a ring stuck on my finger ! it hurt so bad :c 
USERNAME USERNAME well their defense damn sure did tonight ! did auburn ever score ? last i heard they hadnt ? pissed bama lost :( 
USERNAME no , it’s totally her . she’s been this way for quite some time :( :( :( 
ok what are the odds that she would like him too ? plus she already has a boyfriend . USERNAME i am upset . help me ): 
USERNAME he didn't even get to say goodbye ! it was more like and then he crashed #poorguy :( 
i really do not feel well :( i am going to take a shower and go straight to bed . 
i dont think i will ever learn how to speak spanish . ive been trying since i was 5 and its not working out . :( 
so done with wishing you were still here 😡 😡 😁 😔 
my mom keeps asking me what i want for christmas and i literally have no idea 😣 😓 🎅🎄🎁 
i don't really have a best friend anymore 😕 😢 😟 
USERNAME i miss you too , lots ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 
did i really just do my hair and get dressed to throw up and not go out ? go away headache 😞 
i don't understand how you suppose to be my best friend and we don't even talk :( USERNAME 
USERNAME nao precisa , minha irma vai comprar pra mim , :c 
look who my phone just pocket dialed . #fml @ the anchor URL 
i had a friend in my neighborhood and she was always hitting me up to get high and i'd always blow her off :( 
all i really want is to hold you tight treat you right be with you day n' night baby all i need is time 😔 
might get the industrial piercing nxt week . .... its gonna hurt soo bad :'( 
apple maps actually worked for me ! i still miss my google maps though . :( 
USERNAME hahahahaha megan but i was talking about you the whole time :( i mees you ! 
it's harder than you'd expect to write when talking about someone :( 
omg a woman juss got thrown off of da fun factory ride at da fair ! ! ! ! ! ! :-( 
USERNAME oh man i want a surf and turf dinner . :-( 
i really really really really really really really really want a nose piercing ! :'( 
taking good care of my baby girl tonight because she's sick 😣 
i wish i lived in new york . :( 😢 😭 
sucks spending soo much time with my ladies and now not being able to 😢 👎 we need a team outside of school ! 👍 💚 💛 ⚽ #mardelagirlssoccer 
i have a headache :( .. someone come with a ladder and climb up to my window and cuddle with me . 
“USERNAME justin bieber and selena gomez break up URL 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
to go out or not to go out . i'm not quite sure i'm feeling it tonight . 😊 🙅 😔 
USERNAME aww :l </3 ive been wanting to try em for the longest 
talking with my cousin USERNAME is bringing up a thousand memories in me tonight </3 it's so hard not to cry 😢 
i wish i could take all of ace's pain away :( . 
USERNAME lmao 😭 😭 😭 i'm not spoiled u spoiled 
i'm not trying to be just your bestfriend tho .. :( i want us to be more ! :( 
#oomf got me thinking and i'm not liking it at all ! ! :'( #scared #donthurtme 
why do i keep gettin sick 😞 ... hate this sh*t 
i got two fuckin' big pimples on my face . fuck you , period . > :( 
nothing left in the tank and no plaque 😔 😔 😔 
stuck on the 4the level of the parking garage without anything to eat or drink . #fml 
did all of that really just happen ? 👎 😒 😩 #mixedfeelings #fml 
david is so mean to me 😩 i'm just trying to play 😢 USERNAME 
USERNAME we were held up . :( but we will definitely be by sometime to see the new digs ! 
USERNAME i wanted too but i didnt have any time today to go find something to wear . :( 
: musiq soulchild's so beautiful is my jam .. too bad i don't have a lover to sing it to . 😔 #singlelife #musiclover #gymflow 
USERNAME i know . :( i am really sad . 
USERNAME right there with ya girl ! i shoulda hit you up to hang :( 
and i mean .. is this how you act with best friends ? .. :( 
cry & mad && dnt knw wht to do ! :'( URL 
no one has text me all day :( #sadme #stillnotemo #emossuck 
i've been hurt by two of my closest friends this week . my attitude right now is just effed up ! ! ! i need a break from all of this ! ! 😢 
USERNAME or look at clothes with or go on bitches on instagram/twitter or be papis chicken buddy's 😞 
my mom just discovered text-to-talk on her phone . 😔 
😢 😢 😢 i cant live like this anymoree . 
my mom just said my dwarf name could be slippery since i'm always tripping 😢 
USERNAME one of my bffs invited me out with him after he does some glow in the dark run . i just showered but have no motivation lol :( you ? 
USERNAME thanks love youu invite me to snhu sometime :( 
out with the best ! ! USERNAME USERNAME your but missin my twitterless trevor ! ! :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry 😔 that song is just on point . 
idk what to say or think . . . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME the three of us have no life , cuz band life isn't a life either 😭 😭 
based on how much i froze this morning , i don’t think i’ll go out early tomorrow . also , i think i broke myself . :( 
seriously about to smash my phone into pieces > :( 
i really wish USERNAME and USERNAME were here to party with me :( #sadday 
USERNAME omg omg omg 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😩😩😩😩😩😩 why why why ! my heart is broken 💔 #damagedtothemax 
USERNAME plot twist: he's actually releasing the fall music video tomorrow . <-- i wish :/ him being sad is just ugh </3 
still haven't got his call i'm starting to worry :( 
USERNAME very ! ill probably never be able to eat chinese food again even after the baby gets here ! the thought makes me sick ! :( 
drinking without the girls <<<< USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( #collegeproblems i miss you guys 
kinda excited for thanksgiving break , but kinda not :c 
USERNAME how do i buy your music ? ! i need some david correy on my iphone ): #teadavidcorrey #davidcorreytospokane 
she tried to drink her pain away a little at a time . but she never could get drunk enough to get him off her mind . 💔 
ryans crabby , hot and sleepy . meuh :( #bored #grumpygills #crabbypatty #noteventired 
USERNAME USERNAME so jealous ! ! ! would love to be there :( 
USERNAME it is ! yea she just has a ear infection :( . and yur girls are beautiful ! ! ! 
my eyes are so puffy from crying and no sleep . 😞 
USERNAME i want my lip done but i can't have it at work :( i'm getting my tragus first and then maaybe my second holes on my ears done . 
i'm about to have a damn break down . #soannoyed 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😓 
:( i want a girls night with chick friends that are legit and like to have fun i miss having chick friends . 
think i just had a break down after 3 months of pretending to be happy . :( 
why do all good things come to an end ? :( 
charlie st . cloud 😢 😭 😪 😥 😰 😓 
and i just want to play halo :( to much to ask for ? 
USERNAME my baby jen :( next weekend we will make up for lost time 
USERNAME i'm so sad i'm going to cry on the corner 😢 😭 😭 😭 
i hope yurr ohhkay ! ! ! ! im here for yuh </3 
my lab reports results are completely wrong ...... but im turning it in anyway . 2 points is better than 0 right ? 😔 
y USERNAME solo me dijo yo queria seguir platicando con el ! ): *llora muchopoquito* 
USERNAME how i wish i live in the city so i could see u guys :'( 
USERNAME why do you guys have to be so popular ? :( 
so it's true USERNAME does hate and it's seems like we haveing a big argument on kik :'( i hurts 
USERNAME fuck you shivam i miss you where you at :( 
my mom gave me a kiss and our noses touched .. when they did , we got shocked . oww ! ! it was like frankenweenie shit 💚 :c 
USERNAME wait i lied i have hw ! 😭 😭 😭 
last field show aw . :( @ heritage high school URL 
holly freaking scary movie ! i hate ghost ! USERNAME 😭 
wish i could cuddle up next to him n watch movies tonight ! :( #sighh 
i can’t figure out how to turn my heater on in my apartment :( 
haven't talked to my girlfriend all day ... o ... 😔 😔 
USERNAME lool really ? oh shit , that kinda hurt .. :( 
classy , bro . just shove the knife in a bit deeper and twist it all around til i bleed out :( 
this makes me miss USERNAME ! ! ! :( (( 
USERNAME lol basically ! i've had this forever . my addiction just gets worse :( 
so tired right now :( i can barely keep my eyes open 
USERNAME why are you on the today show on a school day ! ! ! :( :'( 
apparently i bit my tongue the other day . because it fucking hurts to chew anything . or speak . #fml 
USERNAME i wish i could see you guys at the today show 😢 
i don't want to leave but all your doing is sleeping :( #subtweet 
i'm always falling , like today i feel at the movies :( 
can someone just text me ? ): or something ? 
i'm such a loner watching all these love movies all by myself .. </3 
USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME need to get back to titusville now :( #onlygirlstatus #help 
USERNAME never went to scouts . i don’t know how to build a fire either :( 
can't stand watching sad movies right now when part of my life can relate :( 
it breaks m heart to know that justin bieber is in boston performing and i'm not there 💔 😭 😭 😭 😣 😢 😣 😣 😣 
my love for you was bulletproof , but your the one that shot me . 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME merpp wish i could come reunite with y'all :( (( 
can't sleep , throat is killing mee . i can't get sick :( 
sad my lax bro USERNAME didn't come to see me . :( 
why is my family so loud and weird .... 😔 😒 😭 ..... 
USERNAME USERNAME lol ooh . you rather have him regulate or me ? > :( 
USERNAME i cried like 4 different times when i watched that movie the first time . 😭 #sosad #bigbaby 
bord ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
#thelastsong is on now & #thenotebook is on tomorrow wtf is abc family trying to do to me 😔 😒 😞 😥 
USERNAME i got side tracked crawling and then pizza eating and then ice cream eating . i failed at picture taking . :-( 
USERNAME yes :'( haha jk i just screamed a lot . i think genna is deaf lol 
i don't know what the hell i'm gonna do when i graduate and won't have gianni's pizza anymore 😣 🍕 
USERNAME actually i'm not doing that anymore because i couldn't get off at my actual job :( aren't you on bed rest anyways missy ? ! 
yes ! let's chat . i can't believe my god baby is going to be 9 soon ! ! my pic is not representing the new d though 😔 i'll be back though . 
i thought you'd take this one personally 😔 no i'm calling you a slut 
USERNAME i know 😞 i'm here for you tho ! love youu ! 
USERNAME could you guys please come to oregon ? :'( if you don't i'll cry . 
as soon as i accept that you're gone , you're back 😔 
got a headache and don't wanna go to work at 12am :( 
USERNAME like every time you tweet i go to favorite it and someone beats me to it :( 
2 bottles in and i feel like i could go for a 3rd but i work tomorrow so priorities are first lol 😞 👍 
USERNAME i'm heartbroken that you don't work at sahara anymore 😫😪😤 😢 
USERNAME yeah i feel like i live alone lol which i practically do 😢 
all i'm sayin is ... i miss USERNAME more than i ever thought i could . 😞 😢 😭 #needmycheek 
just feel like breaking down crying ... for no reason at all . 😢 
to my therapist: USERNAME you're the only one who gets me & can make me die from laughing ! lmao you're great , i miss you already ! 😢 💔 
studying for statistics :( , while i study for this can someone give me a head start & work on my sociology research paper ? 
so USERNAME is moving out of nyc area ? i’m not happy with this . :( nyc was a big part of the charm . why not meadowlands again ? o.o 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( hope you're not annoyed as much now ! ! 
and then you feel so low you cant feel nothing at all ..... 😔 
real sad that this may be the last perkins football game i attend unless my kids go to perkins; which is highly doubtful 😞 😥 #proudalumni 
holy fuck , i think the midnight premiere is the day of mr . lobo ! 😧 😦 😯 😱 😳 😮 
i guess i'm not a pro at bowling like the wii says . #sadtweet 
found two long lost flash drives full of old pictures and videos . shouldn't have opened them ... 😔 
only front row . :( n i am with my bff . (@ amc empire 25 for cloud atlas w/ 43 others) URL 
no church tomorrow ... :/ looking for a new place to go . #sadtweet 
i must've grown because all my jeans are too short 😔 
i just want to be back in pittsburgh already :( 
i need someone to cuddle with me until i fall asleep :( 
instagram's being gay & not letting me post my picture ): 
just got home for work , i want yogurt :( 
and then i get in my feelings thinkin about her :'( 
teresa & nick made me realize how bad i want a boyfriend but can't get one 😔 
how can you have time to go and try to make so many other girls like you but pay no attention to the one that already does ? ): 
the fact that its gonna sweat out @ practice :( <<<<< 
it's 10 pm & i'm still hungover ... smh 😔 
USERNAME u know what sucks ? :( i'm in nyc once a year and i leave the day before u guys come ! i love you so much i'm so upset :( 
i'm mad i spend my weekend in the house 😔 
USERNAME absolutely nothing i just got home from my grandparents house hahaha . im lame too . :( 
USERNAME i would , but USERNAME is jelly of you tweeting at me :( 
despicable me 2 can't wait to see ...... next summer 😔 
USERNAME lmao little late now :( (( but now i really wish i would've ! :( ( 
just got home from work , i want yogurt :( 
USERNAME omg i wish . no there was a day long search of my bu id in my hallway ... you missed the events of this weekend :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME it's true . but i'm winning > :[ 
i wish i could wake up and this would all be a dream and he would be at home with me 😢 
USERNAME text me ! my hone might die though 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i miss you all so much :( 
my quads are so tight . 😥 can't wait to get home and go ham with my tennis ball . #excitingsaturdaynightstatus 
USERNAME wah , i wanna hangout with you . :( 
just knowing the fact that it will be two months before i see you again , just hurts me </3 
fuckfuckfuck how am i supposed to get all this schoolwork done by monday ? :( 
USERNAME nah , some movie on netflix called \ </3 ..... 
wow it's freezing and i don't have a jacket :( 
USERNAME i realized you don't have an iphone so you won't be able to see the kitty face i used poop ): 
USERNAME omgomg you're on while i am ! i've had a really bad day :( this made my day thnankyou i love uu 
now she's singing in to her phone . 😔 😔 😔 😔 
you'll never know how real my love is because you didn't give it a chance . 😔 
just reply to my tweets .. favorite my tweets ... retweet me ... something . #everyonebutme #holdupprobs 😥 
#siestas are one of the best ideas ever , spaniards have the whole package ! #tapas #cortos #architecture #pubs #imisspain :( 
i just caught a cramp in my ass n cant massage it myself :-( 
USERNAME ahh . i just got here . :( i'm . sorry 
USERNAME i knwo i have an exam monday tho :[ 
USERNAME i don't have anyone to take my anger out on either 😭 💔 lol 
USERNAME i know .. :-( i would like to find other milsos close to me but i've had no luck . 
USERNAME if i wasn't grounded i say let's kick it ): 
i wish it wasn't to cold to go to downtown walnut creek :( i really want yogurtland lol 
donte made me finish his dinner & now my tummy hurts :( 
USERNAME liam liam liam liam liam liam .... what will it take for you to notice mee ? :( 
i miss the old school stando parties :( alwaays 100+ people , so many kegs , the good party spots , #thegooddays 
it's been over a week and i'm still upset that i left during the middle of sws' set :c 
someone talk to me or text me i'm with people and they aren't talking to me #damnit 😡 😢 
USERNAME i don't think it will help this time ... didn't solve anything last night 😔 
feel like i coulda just blown that .... can't tell #boo :( #worried 
i always get too excited and ruin things .. 😞 
USERNAME no ! i was gonna tell you to come meet up with my dad and i :( 
fighting with yourself it's harder than fighting with other people ... 😞 
USERNAME true ! they have to do that you know ! 😢 
i look like mike tyson with this allergic reaction ! :'( 
i have a feeling USERNAME will never follow me . 😔 #depressingtweet 
stayed in tonight to finish my book and my essay and now the last song is on #fml #mustwatchit 
i just wanna see carrie underwood and hunter hayes :( (( 
haven't done this in a long time and its funny because i was just tweeting about it a couple days ago . we'll see how this goes > :( 
USERNAME >< ugghh ! ! ! ! ! hndi ko po kasi maafford ee :( 
everyone has went to sleep on me 😔 😳 😁 
said goodbye to a great man today , rip uncle larry #sadtweet 
supposed to be doing homework but i'm way to tired 😔 
USERNAME no new episodes till january tho 😔 💔 lol 
god i never go out .. i feel like such a loser 😔 😖 😩 💔 
i'm not always in the mood to party .... can y'all understand that 😞 
the amount that i trip is way more than a normal person should ... 😞 
i really want to make cookies but i'm too lazy to go to the store to get chocolate chips 😣 
i should have bought everything i had in my hands shit . ): 
USERNAME ahh , i know ! how exciting ? ! miss you :( 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i'm awkward though now so i'm probably going to hate it > :( 
i no longer do anything fun during the weekend :( #100thingsaboutme 
i feel like USERNAME will never notice me . 😞 
it's freezing down stairs . but in my room it's like the desert . 😞 😒 
USERNAME i know it's sad :( USERNAME said she'll by one for me (; 
USERNAME don’t say hi to me :-( then . i see how it is . 
chente i miss you ! ! ! ! ! ! we need to go back to oc ! ! 😣 USERNAME 
USERNAME right back at you ! why can't u live on campus ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ! ! ! 😔 
whole body hurts ... hurts to breathe now .. :( #notmyday 
USERNAME same here homie ! and i'm getting sick i can't go outside 😞 
USERNAME miss you too sweet pea ! ! 😔 😘 
i hate being caught in the middle of things 😣 
not a good night at all .. going to bed depressed ! :'( 
is it just me or did mathew mcconaughey seem gay in magic mike ? ! 😔 
USERNAME awee i miss u 2 my best friend 2 :( 
just missing the love of my life USERNAME to spend the night with ): 
missed this lol baby shower totally slipped my mind 😞 
USERNAME yeah this ones gonna sting for a while :( 
georgia ! you can't miss from 2 yards ! :( #wswvcan 
i feel like dust at this quinceñera .. 😳 😔 
i got the email today :( i'm jealous ! USERNAME 
oh (teledraw ): "what comes out of a penis gun ? ! 
love is in the air but i'm to short so it blow right over my head :( 
why can't #oomf just realize i love her 😒 😔 😩 
one of the most hurtful things i've ever been called is uptight . 😔 
and for the love of god stop fucking these goes raw . 😭 
USERNAME we are supposed to have a halo party but we need two people with gold accounts and i don't have halo 4 :[ 
USERNAME :/ i know how that is . i'm sorry girl . :( 
USERNAME so i am hated :( fine i hate you too 
i get so bored when i can't text you 😥 
what happened to lani it's like she disappeared i miss her 😞 
just one of those days i guess , this isn't getting any easier 😔 
the harder you try the less attractive you are ! #ugh ): 
i don't like weddings/marriage and i'm not a lovey-dovey person , so why do i cry every time i watch a wedding show ? every damn time ! 💖 😭 💒 
got my pickle ! a sour one at tha t.t hanks to kangaroo 
*props leg up above knee* go onrt USERNAME so i have a question but i'm not gonna ask yall because yall never answer my questions :'( 
#staystrongjustin it must suck being a billionaire :'( and it must suck living in a mansion :/ #praying4u 
USERNAME no 😔 lol not yet .. i should be soon though ! 
me and my girlfriend only get mad at eachother when we arent together :( so i guess we should stop being apart USERNAME 
USERNAME it's not there anymore . :( because of the storm it's at piscataway now . 
uk clinic from 10-3 then cheer from 5-9 #fml #killmenow 
damn , i haven't seen my family in a while 😣 😱 
there was this dude shopping alone i felt so bad .. i was gonna shop with him but id probably scare him 😔 
USERNAME i love you so much someone (a fake you) followed me and it looked like you before going on your profile ! :( 
USERNAME jealous ! ! wish i could be there for all of it :( 
shout out to everyone making #staystrongalexa a reality , i just really can't believe it's over for justin and selena 😭 😭 😭 😭 
finally i can go relax , and then just get up at 8 for work again 😔 
haha i glad i live in new york now but the problem is that i live in a little town :( 
USERNAME didn't even get that text .. #helovesme #not 😭 
sorry alley i didn't mean to hurt you :'( USERNAME 
i really wanna talk on the phne but mine dead , no one to talk . 😪 😔 
someone come cuddle & watch the notebook with me 😢 
i want cool girly stuff by my twitter name :( 
USERNAME i know , i didn't know where you were :( 
when it comes to relationships i dont set my hopes too high , cause every hello ends with a goodbye </3 
USERNAME oh :( lmfao and it was fine . joseph called me mom like 6 times i was like woah slow it down . i'm gettin you from the train btw 
USERNAME i didn't see it . :( otherwise i would have . 
i got it i just gotta find my phone mf :( 
getting really attached to a pair of pointe shoes . and then they die :( #sadday 
soo mad that te lady at mac gave me the wrong lipgloss 😔 
my nose piercing is so fucked up it keeps bleeding :( 
wow bitches are so hard behind a keyboard ! lol get a life bitch :'( 
eating for the first time in probably 24 hours . a brownie , in tinier pieces than when i taste new foods . :( 
USERNAME lol cuz i just got out of work , and my ride doesn't get out of work till 12 :( so i'll just watch a movie :/ lol 
USERNAME stingy people :( ... they wouldn't take anything if they'd now how strong your emoji is ! ! #toostrongtohandle 
USERNAME literally . social security in my generation will be gone :( haha 
i haven't rode horses in forever , miss it . :( 
i'm like sad and i have no idea why 😒 😞 
why ain't no alabama fans answering my phone calls :( .. i wanna talk shit 
going to bed early .. i'm tired & just not happy . :( 
USERNAME i could only wish that was true ! :( 
that was the longest 8 hour shift i've ever worked . 😞 💤 #beat 
USERNAME what ! ? my family is watching football ... i can't turn it on ! ! :( 
thank you lord my uncl gone be okay 😭 😭 
#iwillneverunderstand why i'm so sweet and i get treated badly :( 
USERNAME i know , i don't have a netflix acct anymoree :( wahh 
waiting for USERNAME to get out of work is really testing my patience tonight :( 
USERNAME i wish , i had to buy my ticket during the pre-sale :( 
USERNAME i wish .. i mentioned something to my mom about going back tonight and she freaked out . #wahh :-( ( 
USERNAME damnit , that blows , man ;-; god like i don’t even know what to say , that’s really awful im sorry :( 
USERNAME i am good , packing and heading back :( 
i feel like i'm getting really like really annoying 😞 
this chick completely turned me off ... smh i smelled fish ... 😣 😷👎 
USERNAME yeah :( but that's the good thing it could be worse right ? 
last weekend before basketball hits and i'm spending it in my room ..... 😔 
i'm soo swamped in work i couldn't go to the basketball game :( 
my phone my phone oh where could you be 😭 😭 😭 🔎🔍❓❓❔❓❔❕❗ 
i wish babe would tell me what is wrong ): 
that was the longest 8 hour shift i've ever worked . 😞 
omg the baby will not go to sleep fresh pamper full bottle passy check i think she's getting sick 😔 
okay . i'll give it to y'all . that was a beautiful touchdown lsu ........ 😥 
USERNAME awe , i'm sorry . :( had no idea . 
USERNAME had much fun with yha todae , miss you already ☹ 
USERNAME idek im a loser who sits home :'( wyd mr . popular 
USERNAME i wish she was with me right now ! :( 
it sucks when you know you're being ignored 😔 #happytwomonths 
USERNAME i miss you too :( do you work monday ? 
i'm gonna miss USERNAME and USERNAME soo much next year . 😢 don't leave . ! jasmine can leave ... i'm ok with that . #sorrynotsorry 
USERNAME wish i would've seen this ! we could've walked over , we never talk :( . did you go still ? 
USERNAME bahaha my pain is moving to my back . i forgot i landed on that too ! it just hurts everywhere :( (((( 
you ah fuck nigga an ion fuck witcha #np new song --> yts (zay bricks) young3 & duece (fuck niggas ): URL via USERNAME 
USERNAME me too :( if you/sammy/anyone want to get chilly billy's later though , i'm down ! ! ! tee hee 
i get so mad when i have no one to text 😣 
i miss you , & i still love you 💔 
USERNAME we were busy so i didn't see you 😞 
i love watching USERNAME videos when i'm feeling down because that funny bitch makes me laugh 😭 😭 😭 thanks jenna ! 👍 
if my head still hurting tomorrow i'm going to the doctor this shit ain't normal 😖 😒 😞 
forgot my camcorder :( (( fml this would be a perfect spot for fancam ! ! ! 
wmxxix tickets are out now , my little sis got stone cold's autograph .. so far behind :( 
damn it i left my ice cream at USERNAME house ): save it for me ill go over tomorrow 
i don't think you noticed that was for you . 😔 
i really miss playing soccer at the sportsplex when i was 4 years old to 11 .. now i'm too old ! 😞 👎⚽ 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME behave and stop with this , girls . :[ 
omg wtf USERNAME awh ! thats soo cute :( i want one haha make me a copy ! *: 
USERNAME its pretty sad how you follow 11,300 people and none of them are me . :( 
omfg the wingstreet area is no joke . it was so hectic and i was panicking 😔 
i'd give anything to be back home with my family and friends . 😞 #oneofthosedays 
driving around town with no headlights ! #p . m . #fml #scaryshit #whyy 
the fact that USERNAME never wants to hang out ... 😔 😔 😩 
USERNAME i hate not having you with me right now ... 😔 
i wish i was going to london in the spring 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME not true ! ! windows phone doesn't have instagram yet :'( 
celebration marissas last weekend here in the us of a ! ! ! ! ! i'm going to miss her . :( 
USERNAME my dad didn't tell me . i'm here at his house now . :( 
i'm so fucking irritated , worried , and hurt ... i don't know if i can take this ): 
my finger needs to get better because it hurts and i don't like it 😢 
USERNAME oh :( how many do you have ? my cats are the same , but we leave them out for the night and they come back in the morning :’) 
even with me switching schools , i still feel like i have no friends :'( 
USERNAME can you guys live stream ? im gonna be bored tonight :( 
USERNAME i got a new phone an dont have your number :( 
USERNAME wow .. i still say they do :{ d~ <---- mines better thoe lol 
i get high so i don't feel the pain of love 💔 😩 
USERNAME my old phone got dropped in the toilet too :( hope the rice works for you ! #depressing 
cus you always being mean to me now . . 😥 😥 😥 
your ugly dog peed all over the floor 😱 😭 😭 😭 come downstairs 
how i think i look if i don't wear a hoodie :( URL 
all i want is some taco bell , but my body is telling me no :( #dietprobs 
USERNAME is at work & i was gonna ask her if she wanted to go eat with me ! #sadday 
thankyou to everyone who came tonight and this year . loved the support . sorry we couldn't give you one last home win 💔 #ucms 
it's a funny hurt sharp ass pains running thru my head 😨 😢 
USERNAME well you just said it was in chicago , then you changed it up .. so i'm confused little emmitt ? :( 
USERNAME cheering hard for msu , but it obviously did not help ! :-( 
my heart breaks when i think of you with someone else ... 😞 💔 
it really hurts when u can't be with the one u love .. </3 :'( 
USERNAME cus you always being mean to me nah 😥 😥 😥 
my mom said she would call me back when she got situated at work but i'm impatient . :( it's been over an hour . 
sometimes i wonder if a person like USERNAME will ever notice me :( 
hey virus , feel free to leave my body anytime now . i have things to do and places to be . #pityparty #hate #dying #sos 😞 
the like 12 hours we wernt together , my heart hurt . </3 
USERNAME yeah i'm pretty much not gonna sleep the rest of the night 😢 
i wish i wasn't so tired so i could watch the last song 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME 😘 😘 😘 😘 you know who i want to win 😞 😭 #broshua 
USERNAME i remember that aww omfg i miss you ashley :c 
USERNAME ahh have fun for me ! ill be at work :( 
dads weekend 2012 is so much fun but i'm missing my daddy for sure . 😔 
ugh . ! ! absolutley miserable . ! ! ! ! #just want to feel better :( 
i feel so good when i go days without seeing you , but when i finally see you after so long its like i melt for you again </3 
and nothing i could ever write would help you understand this life . theres so much beauty in your eyes , lost in all the city lights </3 
USERNAME i don't even think arby's can do the trick .. 😢 😪 😥 😔 #arbys 
today is just not a bulldog day 🏈🏈🏈🏈 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME so , heather and i are slightly intoxicated and we were talking about how much we missed you . crush by david came on . 😔 ❤ 
watching USERNAME awakens my insatiable desire to be stoned outta my mind . all i got is this sour apple hooka . #fml #legalize #marijuana 
USERNAME what ! am i wasn't invited ! > :( 
USERNAME tired ! been in school all day for a workshop :( ( hbu ? ! ? <3 3333 
USERNAME :( bummer ! good to see ya for a min ! 
where's my favorite paki USERNAME at . 😔 😔 😔 😔 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😣 😣 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME no waay ! ! you guys are coming to nyc tomorrow :o i was there today no faaiirr #whyynow whhyy mee :'( rt 
i thought i was working 4 to close tomorrow and i was pumped but it's actually 3 to close #fuckmylife #mbprobs USERNAME 
when i got this phone i lost so many contacts 😭 
ugh , i don't feel good . 😭 😣 😷 😞 
it's official . our 4 year career of cheering for #delmarfootball ended friday night . i don't even know how to feel right now . 😭 USERNAME 
USERNAME ! ? how can they not give it to you . wtf and i won't be able to see you when i'm grocery shopping 😿 
brought my baby to get his shots . he's crying 🐶 😭 😢 💔 
i don't understand how you can work so hard and it doesn't amount to anything #fml 
4 songs rt USERNAME 2ne1 song order (as i remember it ): fire , don’t stop the music , i am the best , i love you 
i wish i had a cuddle buddy that lived near me :( 
USERNAME once i had an ear infection and it freaking clogged my ear and i cried for days until it fixed itself 😞 
love when my parents don't allow me to fuckin go out like honestly what am i going to do sit home and do nothing ugh #fml #annoyed 
USERNAME im lost without you cant help myself . :( 
i love her nomatter wht ! :'( idc wht anybody say ! 
when all the rink guards are goin to skate tomorrow and i have to paint the ice 😔 breaks my little heart 💔 
sad that USERNAME didn't make it to wichita , ks last night . :( boo ! ! 
everyone is watching charlie st . cloud except for me :( #loner 
USERNAME 😢 🐓 i still like to attend i miss doing those things 
USERNAME ay no josué tú disculparás mi vulgaridad , estaba ebria :( 
i know we friends and all . but don't be putting shit like out on blas t.t 'f . 
USERNAME don't talk about it . :( respect your elders ! have you picked where you want to eat yet ? 
i took some good ahh pics on senior night .. 🏈 😔 
all my boys left me . :( it's waay too quiet in this house . 
USERNAME re applebees & papa john . shame on them . unfortunately boycotting likely costs their employees jobs . no win situation . :-( 
i miss my fake ass girlfriend USERNAME ! ! ! </3 
USERNAME :( obvi you all blow and need me #notsurprised #missyou 
i honestly , miss you , with all my heart . </3 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME im being abducted by aliens , but nobody cares v.v 
r . i . p dustin . everyone loves & misses you so much . 💔 
i hate it when my foot falls asleep . 😣 
USERNAME i know 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 why cant i be cute 
i don't get how i can work so incredibly hard and do my absolute best , but it still doesn't get una any where . #tired #upset #fml 
i love scarves but when i go to the store i can never dedicate myself to buy them :( 
anyone have size 0 tapers and plugs ? turns out my set skips it and ive been trying to fit into a 00 :( #replytweet 
she really do know how to ruin somebody night </3 . 
i want USERNAME to text me right this minute . i miss him dearly . 💓💓 😔 💓 
theres no one to feel how cold my tongue is . :( 
“USERNAME yo yoo USERNAME URL wow why aren't you two worth billions of dollars 😔 😤 
USERNAME sorry , i was busy today… not sure when i’ll have time :( 
these gifs 😭 😭 😭 rt USERNAME URL rt USERNAME nevermind . it just died joi . 
its pathetic that all i can watch on tv is murder shows like law and order bc everything else has something to do with love #depressed 
rt USERNAME lmaoo , exactly why niggas will never get my number . nope . --- not even me ? :( 
USERNAME i am too .. but we have different reasons .. :'( 
i miss mexico . i miss the friends i made . i miss the family i left . i just wanna go back . 😒 😔 
USERNAME i work monday through friday 830 to 5. so only on the weekends 😔 
USERNAME another one of our junior high loves went off the market tonight 😔 😢 
brought my baby to get his shots , and he's crying 🐶 😔 😭 💔 
USERNAME oh . still . that's not fair . ! 😭 
getting tired of my back & neck hurting :( #fuckk 
USERNAME i miss your face ! :( whenever you come down , let me know . lets have lunch or something ! 
gonna have a good night with my girl USERNAME since she's leaving me for a whole week ! ! ! 😔 
USERNAME :( damn . ohh well i will have it on tuesday lol 
the fact that kallis farewell speech made me cry 😢 , i love you sissy ! 
i cant believe i just missed the last bus for pc #fuck 😣 
camila </3 no mames . puras canciones 'corta venas' jaja 
when i don't have my phone in my hand , i feel so incomplete 😔 
USERNAME me and nicole were talking about it and i was saying how i looked for his car when i got to work and then i started crying :( 
i miss USERNAME 😔 😠 💔 he hates me 😦 😚 
me: how many yrds of ribbon should i buy for 2 present bows ? clerk:6 yrds each bow . me: ok ill take two 6 yrds . lady: so , 12 yrds ? my mom: 😣 
i been out here in these streets an i done learned , every girl i gave my loving to was only a substitute 😔 😔 
USERNAME 야, 미경 아줌마 ! 이메일을 보내 ... 지금 ... 빠른 :( mk보고 싶어 ... #omgisuck #itriedforyou #hurry #respond #iwanttotalk #comeback #with 기은and기욱 ! 
ending my night with chicken soup and my bed . i feel so sick :( 
it really is a thin line between love & hate 😔 
ugh i honestly feel so sick to my stomach its ridiculous ): 
USERNAME don't have a dinner eating partner tonight . i'm going to die of indecisiveness :( USERNAME can't go wrong with a steak 
when i'm sitting at home bored and he's partying <<<< 😞 
getting choked up during the father daughter dance , realizing ill never have that .. 😔 
USERNAME oh gabby thaught you had a stroke :'( we were gonna bring some flowers 
USERNAME i know ! ! i was watching yankees classics before ! i miss them </3 
USERNAME hahah she's a bitch . there was nothing else to do . wahh 😢 
USERNAME you showed your true feeling tonight smh </3 . 
USERNAME it isnt even working tho it doesnt take it in time so it actually takes a picture of the menu thing :( 
all by myself tonight :( (@ the lover's bed) URL 
sweet . my throat is starting to hurt ...... 😣 
think i used up all the tears in my body 😞 
that awful moment when you're in leitchfield and sandys is closed . :( 
USERNAME i know ! ! i care more about getting through the story :( 
daniel needs to hurry up & get off work so i can go see him 😩 😥 
text me at 11:12 and make my wish come true . :( 
#sometimesiwonder how much 1 person is really expected to handle . i know a few of us that have truly met our limit :-( 
i def needed this calm kick back night ! i need to get better cuz i hate being sick :( 
USERNAME i've done that before ! lol its just annoying and gets clumpy :( 
USERNAME sho was 😭 jacob is telling me i can make it 😱 😩🚽 
girl whats wrong 😔 ? my man ain't shit 💩 ! why won't you leave him 😑 ? cause biitch , dick too bomb 😏 🙌 
i miss my english teacher 😥 he's so fucking hot 
do not i repeat do not feel good .... i want jamba juice and a movie on my tv .... but nope there's no jamba here . 😣 
ohh my god i tried to pull my pants down and my belly button ring was attached to my underwear ? and i think i'm going to cry 😳 😳 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm very sorry to hear that . hope you're doing alright . :-( 
the titanic is the saddest movie in the world #sadtweet 
realize what you have , because you never know what tomorrow brings .. 💔 
USERNAME no :c i'm going to the mall tomorrow to get one . i just bearly bought it thursday . 
i thought when you had 0" they would shrink to the normal size 😭 😭 😭 😭 
wanting to be with him but knowing that he doesn't care . </3 
USERNAME lmao . i never notice if you are or not cause i don't know how to speak it either :c 
i can't stand the way i have to wear my hair for hennessy events ! 😣 😣 
hee :( my aunt pulles up to mc donalds and i got all happy but she jusy drove rigjt past it :( lol saddest moment ! 
i wish i still lived in mn , i could have seen USERNAME tonight . :( ( 
wahh i'm not gonna lie i'm scared to get this next tat .. that's some tender skin man . 😣 
USERNAME lucky 😔 they're not giving me any hours thomas wtff ! 
USERNAME got it- thanks ! ! i guess he is wearing his heart on his sleeve then . 😥 💔 
the mugs didnt work :( once they cooled down , i tested them by washing them with soap , and it came off ;( oh well . lol 
USERNAME lol good idea ! ! yeah i'm home for the weekend 😢 you should see how big the ping pong table is hahah 
i wish there were dairy queens in new york 😞 
i only have 2 more days here . #hitmelikearock #sadtweet 
USERNAME i will . omg . i have to save my money for so many different things 😧 
watching the vow again . don't know why i torture myself like this . 😭 
USERNAME love you to but i have no one to play with . :( ames said you didn't want to play with me ;( 
USERNAME haha , USERNAME siadd the concords and better than the spacejams . :( lol 
let me see what i can have on this all you can eat meat menu #nothing 😭 👎 #vegetarian #koreatown 
damn just turned down an invite to a party and being smoked out . that's how lazy i am . 😔 
USERNAME there will be kernels of truth in there . someone leaked out the writer so disney had to confirm i t.t hey could leak plot too . 
i can't wait for december 19th , but i seriously dread to even think about december 31st #whyjapan #whysosoon #andwhy4years :( 
it's not a big possability my tide will be in the natty champ :( 
USERNAME awuh man girll ! don't be sad be glad . i'm use to seeing you with a big ol' smile on your face since 4th grade ! ! 😔 💕 
USERNAME hahah me too ! ! so much exams :( 
lost most of my voice . :( i sound like a 50 yr old chain smoker this is awful 
it's sucks to know we can't do anything for justin but be here to support him and accept his decisions :( 
my boyfriend is at USERNAME in san jose and i am at home dying my hair dark and watching law & order 😒 😢 😩 
boring night again 😢 😢 😢 😢 i guess i will 🚿 and call it ah night #lonelynights 
when you're from buffalo and live in las vegas everyone calls you a wimp when you say it's cold outside :( 
USERNAME yeah ahaha you didn't let me show you my shoes ! ! ! -.- :( 
like really ... it's sad & i guess all i can do is pray for you & that you find your way out of your own misery you've created . 💔 
u aint seen him in ion knw how longg ! :( 
my mom cried when coco screamed when he got his shot 😭 
aww my cousin in north dakota invited us up for a little snow fun ! i wish we could go . :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss you too mi amor ! ! we have to hang out :( 
seriously , it was pathetic ! ! ! ! :( rt 
USERNAME :( smile , i love you ! ! ! 
wish i was with my boo rather then at work . :( 
i always go out of my way 4 ppl in any way i can ..... i can't stand to see anybody without .... maybe that's my problem 💔 
that feeling when u run out some good weed 😪 😥 😨 😱 
and i had to hold my baby while the veterinarian stuck a needle in his neck 💔 🐶 
smoking a blunt with USERNAME sounds good right about now only if he was here :c 
USERNAME is following 11.2k people and i'm not one of them ! ! :( 
going to bed hope for a better day tomorrow with the family even though she was invited but won't be here :( love u 
i want USERNAME gun ring , but i cant find it any where #sadtweet 
my love for you was bulletproof , but you were the one who shot me :( 
i love how i'm tired , & the kids i'm babysitting are siting here playing the wii . -_____- #not #ok #sadtweet #iwasyoung 
there is no pain killer to heal a broken heart 💔 
i just wish i had that one person that could cheer me up when im upset ... like now . 😞 
im too hyper to sleep :( too much cotton candy & soda . 
wishinn i was back in his arms again tonight :( .... #sadtweet 
USERNAME miss you :( i have to read the bible 
dude stop hitting on me , you have dip hanging out of your mouth and you smell #eww 😣 
supper disappointed ! but i thank god nothing worser happen ! ! # dont drink and drive 😣 
i couldnt take it no more 😾 😾 😡 @ air canada centre URL 
pissed i'm not working with USERNAME and USERNAME (good luck at your game) tomorrow 💔 
staring at this computer for 3 hours an only 145 words .. #thankstwitter 😣 
about to go to a bachelorette party . i hate thee things :( ( 
this three day break off of work is going to kill me . i love working . 😔 
tap has really gone down the shitter at dance competitions . #depressing 
got some dishwasher tablets ! palmolive didn't go so well :( (@ walgreens w/ 2 others) URL 
USERNAME yeah i'm so pissed everyone works soo many days besides me it's not fair ! guess i gotta go job hunting :( 
all your friends can call me today literally , but you can't ! i wanna talk to youu 😔 
USERNAME i miss you too . :( we use to talk all the time ! 
this live band at work is making me fall asleep . i wanna go home ! 😞 
it feels like 2am ! 😭 my eyes burn . 
in my feelings , i should've never looked back 😔 
its crazy how you can find a song that describes exactly how youre feeling 😔 
i would like to thank the person at apple who made the find my iphone app . you saved me from a seizure 😭 
USERNAME omg i was just thinking this . since i'm laying on my bed and have no one to talk to 😭 lol 
probably sucks to be a snotty little bitch :( probably gonna suck even more when i smash your face in :( :( 
USERNAME that bonnie & clyde relationship , where we ride together 🚲, cry together 😭 , fight together 👊💢 😡 , die together 💀 ❤ 💀 >>>>>>>> 💏💯” 
USERNAME USERNAME decided lime green would be too loud and orange isn’t an option for 2013 :( 
noo 😢 USERNAME i love the ques ... but they def let me down” 
ahh i can't believe marching band season is actually over . #sadtweet 
USERNAME boo ! i'm about to head to a friend's . :( 
ohh how i wish i had an older sister or brother .. :( 
USERNAME hell no ! ! mine is cause it has double the mustache :{ d~ 
if i had a boyfriend i would've made him stay in with me , at his house though . and have like , a sleepover but ..... yeah 😞 
well i'm going to sleep cuz your not saying anything :/ goodnight :( 
USERNAME no i didn't ! o:< you forgot about me </3 ): 
USERNAME i know 😔 ill be home thursday though 😁 we can make a trip ! 
USERNAME i love you to <3 reply to me :( 
USERNAME noo ! ! ! ! keyshia i'm just going there ! ! :( 
those nights when you need your bestfriend . & your like 150 miles apart . #sucks #homesick #sadtweet #movingsucks 
i'm about to fucking cry i haven't been to my best friends house in years 😭 finally i am today 
when USERNAME doesn't txt me all night long << :( #sadtweet 
twitter moves to fast to b off for 5 minutes 😣 
i wanna play xbox but jack and his friends are in his room so i can't #fml #hardknocklife 
i swear i'm so scares right now . it sounds like a ghost & it said 'i'm over here' :c 
i been a little emotional lately and i'm not usually like that but , i swear sorry by ciara is my theme song right about now . 😔 
burned my finger from my hot cuppa . :( #realworldproblems URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME to try on christmas cloths . -.- i was so excited and then i'm like noo ! ! ! :( 
i know ): i want a fucking sandwich ! damn grandma doesn't buy enough .. i blame her 
i dont want to be like these kids out of hs who dont even have a major .. im scared ima end up likem , i wana actually start on the right track 😣 
not feeling to good at work , think i'm gonna have to leave ... :'( 
omgg can't wait for tmrw w/ USERNAME ^________^ <3 i miss her so much /: </3 
USERNAME and crying because it makes me bawl everyone i watch it ! 😥 
USERNAME ha ha ha that was me ydae night . had no outing ☹ 
USERNAME aww really you like my blog i need to do more with it and fix it up but i'm lazy :-( my blog needs to get on the level of your site 
noo i lost a follower ... :( ... oh well you won't be missed babe ! ;) xx 
USERNAME umm more than kinda duh cub . i did a triple take and was vewwy disappointed not to see you 😭 
i have to be at work in 7 hours . #fml 
juwan need to hurry up and call me; i miss him ! :'( 
ahh my love invited me to part but i'm not ready -.- :( 
USERNAME USERNAME :( so sad you had no photo shoot 
i want to go to tara with eric , but my mom won't let me . 😭 
USERNAME aww babess 😭 😭 😪 😥 😰 i miss you too ! you should come to our games for basketball and we can see each other ! 
USERNAME USERNAME y'all are absolutely beautiful . i miss you guys </3 💔 
to many people forget about the little boys going though so much pain ! oh my god in crying right now ! #iyalnafixmylife USERNAME 😞 😞 
plus on top of that i gotta fight tommorow and i hurt my hand hitting a mail box fml dude really i'm ruined :( 
it's negative 2 out ... my boogers froze on the way home from work 😢 
every time i start to like someone , they start to like someone else . smh :( 
good thing i left bridget's before the last song came on 😭 😭 😭 
sammy cox :( missing out on the u ! the first 10 beers are for you ! 
USERNAME lmao lol haha tehe ;p i'm bored :( lol 
going down beverly hills n all i see is prada prada prada ! ahh i want more money v.v ahah 
USERNAME i gotta wait to see it with the bro :{ ( but i totally would lol 
i'm faithful , but i think imma start playin ppl ... its gon feel soo wrong :( 
wish tommy was gonna be here tonight . i wanna snuggle 😢 
don't feel good at all ! :( #tired #sick #thissucks 
i can usually drink you right off my mind but , tonight i can't get you out of my head 💔 
i need a shoulder to cry on :/ </3 #unwanted </3 
hate gettin that feeling in your throat when you gonna cry ): 
whenever your bro tells you she has another one besides you #fml #noneofthat #checkyou 
USERNAME a man wouldn't know , we barely talk :( 
what did i do now ! ? 😔 😖 😠 
i can stop thinkin bout it so bbl . bout to cry 😔 😩😫 
USERNAME 🎻 the worlds smallest violin playing the worlds saddest song 🎶 just for you 😢 
tried to give my coworkers two year old an ice cream cone ... she wouldn't take it ... :( :( it made me sad :( 
why haven't i played halo 4yet 😭 😭 USERNAME as my brother you better have it ready ! 
USERNAME phewwf i didn't miss it ! btw you still haven't snap chatted me :( 
to my poor baby's being life flighted to akron tonight . </3 
my sister is the only person who will drive to bethpage for dunkin donuts because it has a nice 'atmosphere' 😭 
it's a sad day in the state if alabama . it's nothing new that auburn lost . we losing so bad i can't even say wde but then bama lose too 😒 😩 😥 
s|o to USERNAME ; baby :* ugh i . didn't get to see you on eid :c i miss you gorgeous , stay up and stay blessed baby . go follow erryone 
USERNAME i tried to ! but i'm still grounded :( 
USERNAME well im sick ): but next time theres a party around the neighbor we are going to crash it ;d 
USERNAME way to make a tweet about me then delete it before i can see it </3 
USERNAME forizzle ? :( for what your 2nd game ? ! 
USERNAME how sad will it be though once all the beatles are gone ... :( 
USERNAME you followed 11.3k+ followers & i'm not one of them :'( 
i wish i was with USERNAME so we can eat food and do whatever the hell we end up getting into 😔 💕 
USERNAME aw why's that love ? 😨 😔 & its going great so far i went shopping earlier . 😁 
my head get all burn up by that perm jus now ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME fuck . bro dnt even remind me of that :( 
i just wanna cuddle with #oomf right now . 😔 😣 😞 
USERNAME /:< i clean after you all the time ! and i never get a chance to cook for you ): 
USERNAME USERNAME ill send you an edible arrangements . im so sorry ): 
USERNAME in south okc ? we also have a golden wheaton terrier , but it may be time for a new dog . yes , they will work as a pack :( 
in bed with a headache :( hoping the paracetamol i took will make it go away . (@ home) URL 
home alone for the next few hours . i definitely need some company ... ): 
when people ask me when im coming back to bosnia :( 
having my own house gets boring . drinking alone isn't fun . i wish my roomie was here 😥 
of course the weekend i go home for a wedding USERNAME goes to my school ! ! ! can't believe i missed getting his autograph :/ #depressing 
watching the last song makes me miss hannah montana :( #wannagoback #missit 
USERNAME i miss you and i want to come party with you at coastal soon :( 
that moment when a cartoon has a better love life than you :( 
USERNAME USERNAME well well , i guess i'm just going to be a bum on a log :( #loser 
why am i so nervous ? ! ? ! :( 
i'm missing the traditional troupe closing show steaknshake trip right meow)))) ): 
learning that USERNAME isn't a big fan of mine << :,( </3 
اعلن افلاااااااسي 😱 💔 @ ashton at waterford lakes apartments URL 
i miss the way we used to be . 😞 
can i go to sleep and never wake up please 😞 
USERNAME you're so cute . i've missed you soo much :( 
i'm honestly just really sad and i hate it 😢 
the weekend went super fast :( i cant wait till next thursday at midnight 
r . i . p pochi evelyn loved u :( 
i hope this cold weather sticks it hasn't been in the 50s 😔 
#rockaway boardwalk - i'm standing on it 😔 @ rockaway beach - 104th street URL 
all i ask for is someone to call my next friend , but it never happens . #sadtweet 
USERNAME why the eff are you getting so deep on twitter . i can't handle it 😣 
USERNAME ik with out your fam up here .. especially your mom :( 
i seriously cant get over how excited i am to be accepted to scad . & how much it sux to take classes online cuz i cant afford 2 live there 😔 
it just makes me feel like your not interested in me when you flirt with others and shit right in front of me :( (( 
being at a bonfire single sucks really bad . whatever 😔 
my dogs got into the neighbor's turkey pen and killed most of them :( ughh #disappointedmom 
i have install 49 new ting too my lab top game ! this could take a while ! :( 
USERNAME that would involve a ladder . which i don't have . :( phone call to property owner tomorrow . 
USERNAME i have to wait till my birthday to actually wear them ): 
wow . scrolling through tweets from today i gather that a lot of people are depressed or having a rough day . sorry folks 😔 i'm doing ok ! 
USERNAME girl i had to take that shit off fast it een even perm good :( 
USERNAME USERNAME never use that term . ever . everytime you do , a baby squirrel falls out of its tree . #depressing 
i think i lik him but then again idk .... 😔 😒 
hanging out with my bestfriend tomorrow so that will probably take my mind off of my english project 😒 😔 
USERNAME i tried playing it cool , but when im looking at you , i can never be brave cuz liam wont give me 1/5 :'( 
:( mood change in 0.6 sec ... go figure .. 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm not following bernie though . :( i don't like to follow people . #realnigga 
why don't fun people snap chat me all the time ? wah 😭 ---> ohaihaileigh 
i'm still sad :'( i miss my little munchkins . even though i only had them for 5 weeks i still loved them 
feeling tad lonely in vegas ... 😞 #hometimeyet ? ? 
i just want to hold them while they sleep and cherish every second of it 😔 
USERNAME aw i'm sorry i didn't see ! i never see you at school :( 
ugh . i hate that scratchy feeling in your throat when you just know you're getting sick :( 
really not in the mood <<<< i only smiled bc it help me hide my pain :( 
i need to learn to my phases better 😔 😥 
it def hit tonight that i'm a senior and my high school years are all coming to an end . i wouldn't change a single thing . #bittersweet 😢 😢 😢 😢 
i'd do anything to be back in nebraska right now ... 😥 
ugh . i don't think these back pains will go away :( 
crying because i lost my copy of for whom the bell tolls i was almost done 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
so jealous of everyone going to see mumford tonight at the hollywood bowl right next to me :( #canicome 
omg i fucked my dick away ! why are you staring at me :'( 
the lucky one is such a tear jerker 😭 😢 
la filosofia de gritar yolo ! ! ! ! funciona ..... pero yo soy demaciado maje :( 
USERNAME buddy ! i lost your number :c do you have imessage turned on in your phone ? 
USERNAME lmao noo ! ! mine is look -----> :{ {d~~ lol 
USERNAME lol , im mad that dorsey didnt wnna tlk to me ): .. u needa let him kno im yo baby not him .. 
USERNAME lol . i doubt i can ever become famous 😭 😭 😭 i can't even play piano or rant on camera . 
you say you always wanted someone who was afraid to lose you . that was me . 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm so jealous of you guys ! ): 
won 2-1 today , but fucked up my leg ! 😥 #playedhard #stayedstrong 
USERNAME yea same here , i was on vacation this week so now i gotta start back working tomorrow 😔 
can't wait for thanksgiving and christmas bc school has given me permanent dark circle under my eyes . 😔 
dorsey didnt wnna tlk to me ): , my feelings is hurt .. badd ! 
was just looking at mitch's instagram . i still can't believe he's gone . i hate everything :c 
how my best friend is in nh for the weekend to see me from basic and i havent seen him at all <<< 😭 👎 😞 😠 
USERNAME wow , that's a long drive . too bad , i'm even farther . :( ( 
USERNAME i want you to send it to me :( 
idk why i didn't stay in sb ! filming would start tonight ! :( they need to send out notices or some shit 
every time i think about it , i get mad all over again 😑 😒 bum bitch . 😾 
why is it everytime i think i'm over you , you lead me on , and i fall for it ? #ugh :( 
USERNAME USERNAME it’s sad :( i’m the oldest , i just turned 25 :( 
USERNAME :( aw , they're a good team tho ! & yes , haha . i heard abu got out the car thinking that was me fighting ! -__- i'm not ratchet . 
i need a counselor cause i need to vent to much going on 😞 😔 
USERNAME mehh i'm going i over to my mans when i get off :( so not till later how long will you be there 
what a punch to the throat . back to being alone , again . #depressed #didittomyself 
dammit penn state and alabama both lost today ..... 😭 😩 
i think i'm just going to call it a night .. #happytwomonths 😞 😫 
:( rt USERNAME people who claim n try to make others blv they have the perfect lives bitch stfu you gat nothing ! now take a seat ! 
USERNAME we miss you too ! we were just talking about how you left yesterday :( 
come home excited to see cocoa 🐶 😊 only to remember that he left with my brother before i left 😢 
USERNAME yeah it sucks , i knew she was sick but didn't think it was that bad , i went to get my nails done and my dad called .. 😔 thank you 
USERNAME & USERNAME realtionship is so cute , it makes me sick . 😞 😭 😩 
USERNAME is it tomorrow yet ? i miss you already 💔 
USERNAME no :( you better get me a good one #ithurts 
USERNAME USERNAME all dat twerkin had you (rollin& tumblin on dwn) plahaha 😭 😭 😭 😭 "big guh bounce ayyee 
USERNAME okay . now , i've realized that i'll never know how it feels to be followed by 1/5 .. or rt'ed , or dm'ed . or mentioned ... </3 
USERNAME that's because i haven't seen you in forever :( ( 
me and brooke are walking zombies . too bad our parents are too damn loud and drunk so we can't fall asleep . 😞 
USERNAME ooh ! haha they both have shitty handwriting so i couldn't tell . i wish you worked wiff me on fri :( 
USERNAME why ? :( we're way overdue for hanging out . me and USERNAME want to get together next weekend possibly , join ? ! 
USERNAME they look so warm ! i need some gloves right now :( ( 
USERNAME omgg ! ! the final episode of icarly is in two weeks . its called igoodbye :'( ((((( lol 
USERNAME i love that movie :( can . we watch it in my room ? 
and now we have no wood left 😔 @ maryland ave URL 
pretty sure i'm having side effects to this z-pack ... i feel like shit 😷👎 😥 
"USERNAME i miss USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i miss you more ! aww i never get to see you anymore . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME haha it's been a bad weekend ! :( 
70 degrees on my run today . it's getting cold in san clemente :( 
USERNAME apakah neen mystic boys ke ? ? 😭 😭 
USERNAME i'm trying baby im just busy as fuck :( i tried hanging out the other day ! i texted you and said what's the plan stan #soha 
whiskey is not my thing .. can someone give me back my tequila ! 😭 😭 😩😩 #mimiproblems #mexicangirlproblems #alcoholicproblems 
chocolas really knows how to make me feel horrible :( 
i miss my baby girl , belle-rooster ! 😢 #puppylove @ the hostel URL 
USERNAME USERNAME yu guys i'm leaving in the morning 😭 😞 😔 
i want to feel better so i can ggo back to the gym ! ! ! haven't been since wednesday :( :( 
USERNAME lizzie . i miss seeing you at practice . :'( 
i wonder what my familys doing for my birthday scence im not having a quince :c 
and another night of just staying home #fml #annoyed #cantstandthis 
i still love you and always will ..... why can't you love me back ? </3 
USERNAME beeb :( i'm drunk or i'd so be there 
by the sounds of these sirens , someone is dying 😧 🏥🚨🚒🚑 
commercial :c embalta cn mak u happy , side effects may inculde-death , loss of dick , close of vagina , make you more depressed then when you took it 
uggh i swear this weather is on its period 😔 
really thought my sister was going to bring me home food 😔 #starving 
i really wanna go to sleep . . . 😭 
that heart breaking moment u get when sombody u used to be deeply in love with likes somone else:'/ </3 3 
going through my underwear drawer is one of my most depressing activities . i want to keep them all forever . :( 
USERNAME i miss you booboo ... so much i loved talking to you too ! ! ! i miss my roomie . :( 
if only i had a big booty ! ! ! ! #fml 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME when will be the next time i see you and not be 3 seconds ? ? 😔 
USERNAME i know say i'm not gonna get to see you until your bday ! 😢 
USERNAME ha , either way gotta hate small towns :( 
but ion wanna be a party pooper so i guess i gotta go 😔 
wish my sisters USERNAME USERNAME were here at my house warming :-( 
wait a second , chicks are still wearing jean skirts ? ! ? ! 😳 😣 
maybe i won't make it . but i'll never know if i don't go ... 😔 
USERNAME here's me crying , cause i'm so basic 😭 
USERNAME and i want to go ! ! ! ! but i can't :( 
finally at the hospital . so much traffic at the san mateo bridge . 😥 🚗🚗🚕🚛🚖🚚🚖🚌🚎🚍🚘🚙 
nah i know it's time to run when toni following me on twitter 😭 
USERNAME r u calling for a mustache challenge :{ {{{{dd~~~~~~ 
i have chubby cheeks ! ! ! like why ? im not even chubby :'( 
“USERNAME USERNAME bitch stop callin me 😭 😭 😭 😭 URL 
i live playing wii with my man ! big teddy :( ) 
USERNAME i miss you :( i haven't seen you in forever ! ! ! 
i wanna dance with somebody is on in tts and USERNAME isn't here to sing with me :( 
asshole ! shut the fuck up and listen to me .... :( 💔 
USERNAME :'( don't leave me birdy ! ! ! ! ! 
waiting for the text that will never come . 😔 
i miss yall already :( USERNAME , USERNAME , USERNAME , & USERNAME :( 
USERNAME looked like an ankle injury ... had to be helped off the field 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i tend to win ours due to several monopolies (bw&pp). doesn't go well with the mrs . sorry paulette :( 
just found out my dad has full blown stomach cancer and he is on his last moments . just had our last dinner together as a family 😢 
at the er with my lil princessa ! ! #sickbaby :( 
USERNAME i better be . tell everyone i say hi ): 
don't get how i still smell like you .. :( 
USERNAME i knoww , that's sadd ): i wanna cry right noww 
USERNAME yeah . i'm trying to find a better way too . :( 
USERNAME i saw your dad and bradley yesterday but not you or trac :( ((( i miss you ! ! ! im coming over next weekend so be ready <3 
USERNAME lmao yea i miss all the shows from back then :'( 
rt USERNAME 🙈😩 😧 i like broccoli though .. “USERNAME this bitch got some nerve rt USERNAME i hate twitter . rt (cont… 
i'm soo hungry , but i don't wanna make anything to eat 😔 
asi como cuando no puedes hablar con tu mejor amigo el dia de su cumple , asi ! ! 😢 USERNAME 
who wants to call me ? ! ? ! no1 okay :( 
USERNAME can you text me ? im sowwy . i love you . :'( 
man i haven't seen my dude USERNAME in way too long 😔 
i can't taste a damn thing that i put into my mouth 😔 
he leaving me for two weeks , sad face :( ( 
i'm super tired . it's so early . i think i'm understanding that i'm old . #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME i've had some pretty good ideas tonight ! just not that one ! :( 
omg kevin just crushed my chest :-( i can't breath ! ! ! ! ! ! why 😥 😥 😥 
i honestly miss kina , felly , david & USERNAME soo* much 😔 ❤ #familyfirst 
USERNAME and my ass was at harford all night :( 
USERNAME thank you beautiful ! you should of came 😔 
shoutout to USERNAME because i miss her sexy ass :( 
every time i talk to my best friend on the phone , i miss her more and more . #sadtweet but i ♥ USERNAME 
#ihavetoconfess that i love you but i don't want it to ruin it our friendship 💔 👎 
the notebook & the last song make me cry everytime :'( 
i always regret getting my hair cut . i miss my long hair :( #growfaster #girlprobs 
wish i could've had one last jeep wave ....... ✌ 😢 
USERNAME i know . ! and who knows how much longer . ! ? -.- i know it's been a long ads minute for him . ! :( we all miss each other 
i am a classically trained vocalist who chose to pick up cigarettes instead of a microphone . what a waste :( 
everyone i was texting just quit texting me mid conversation #fml 
when none of your friends talk to you anymore #solonely #desperate . 😥 
USERNAME 😔 thanks . i miss home so much more now . 
that made me sad ..... that someone can live knowing they don't have a heart omfg . so sad :( 
why do i feel like i'm the one going through a breakup ? 😭 😩 
next time i wanna lay on my floor i have to remind myself not to ... ouch ! 😣 😩 
kisses before i head home for bed :( bronchitis 1 jessica 0 URL 
going to rocky horror picture show tonight wish USERNAME could go :( 
USERNAME #sadtweet :( haha and we are only 18 ! ! 
watching the lucky one , realizing how alone i am , so i get some ice cream .... 😭 
i can here your ❤ crying out for me 😭 😭 
i hate the candy i got in my lunch able > :( URL 
USERNAME i bet you wish you were in town . sorry i can't spoon with you tonight .... 😔 but i'll be there next weekend with you ! #ifwerelucky 
shxt i at least wanna know who started that rumor 😔 
i want monday to come already ! ! ! i want to see you .... i miss you oh so very much :( wah 
worst part about college is being far away from your friends when they need you most ... 😔 
the sad part about this is it's true………never does get any easier 😕 😐 💔 😔 @ wherever you wanna be ! ! URL 
i haven't talked to #oomf in like 2 weeks </3 
knew that u would break my heart 💔 see boy i told ya 
its this early and i got nothing to do ! #fml 
i fucking can't do it anymore , i fucking need you 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i want to go to the jmu game soo bad ... :( 💜 🏈 
i'm hungry as hell ! ! 😢 😢 😢 😢 
why is nobody home when i need them USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😞 
USERNAME happy birthday gurrll . missing our nights at work :( 
USERNAME i asked you if you were staying and you said no :( 
when i can't even make u smile but every person in your phone can . #thingsigetalot #sadtweet 
officially lost all my tan i got from summer :( #helloalbinoabby 
USERNAME i was , sorry i had a dead phone all day . no twitter :( 
i'm starving i forgot my good and drink at home nd i have no money :( how will i get thru this shift i haven't ate since 8 pm lol fml 
sadly my visit it coming to an end :'( ... ima mean we'll be back very soon ! ! 
USERNAME im tryna be okay , im tryna be alright , but seeing u follow them , just don't feel right . </3 
USERNAME noo . i'm good u tryin to same something . :( that's my mean face 
awk that points to me on my profile lmao #fml #fail 
the fact that jeffs at work and i have to suffer through this storm alone :( ( 
then i think ... am i really that ugly ? ... k i'll just never picslip again 😭 😭 😭 
i had blue eyes until i turned one . that's depressing 😥 😥 
happy i can help someone else with their relationship issues , it takes my mind off of mine for just a little 😔 
USERNAME ohh .. not fun :/ my mom and grandfather have both had that done :( ... youll be in my thoughts . ! 
i thought you said you noticed everything . ? 😔 
oh my god i hate seeing you with someone else when it could have been me if i didn't fuck it up and end things when i did . i'm so stupid 😔 
seeing my mom tomorrow for the first time since i moved out 😳 😣 😶 😯 😐 not gonna lie i'm a bit scared ! 
USERNAME hehheh . maybe if you didn't take so many fucking classes it'd be easier ): 
USERNAME heart ? why does it feel cold ? :( 
fyi i unfriended ur mom like u asked me too 😔 so now i held up my end of the deal #heartbroken but did what needed to be done USERNAME 
i wish i had halo 4 😣 it has such good graphics 💔 
oh shit , this nausea . i might actually puke this time ): 
USERNAME im sorry boo , i would be too :( 
i'm over today . #annoyed #crabby #fucktheworld 😠 😫 😒 😭 
USERNAME i feel your pain .. :/ #be #fuckin #depressed #together 
USERNAME but i'm soo broke :( haha i'll be wearing reboks or something this season 
. USERNAME we're on the edge of our seats ... USERNAME USERNAME 😥 😳 😱 💔 🙏❔ 
... detail . he's been nurturing this style for over 17 years . this is him (translator needed ): URL URL 
feel like my twice a week is still over #fml 
he's taking my phone at midnight grr . my dad is deadass about this project though 😔 
wow u hate me ? im sorry for loving you to death:'/ </3 USERNAME 
the audience at the cchs play is so sad 😞 
USERNAME i have love for you too ! lol you're is like trending right now on twitter ! ): 
i just wish i could be going every sunday to go visit him . :( 
USERNAME will all i kno is , mama anisa betta love me more then she love dorrsey ... ima have to shoot that nigga , im jelly bro ): 
i haven't cried of laughter in a long time but yo 😭 buckets 
seperate thought (because i just watched it for the first time ): cry-baby is a terrible movie , but watchable because johnny depp is hot . 
wahh having to get out the at when ur song comes on 😢 
wow i look at her twitter and it made me cry :'( </3 meany i thought u love me lies:'/ 
USERNAME hahahahahaha lmfao good times .. then we grew up :( 
USERNAME i know . im going through i t.t oo . 
USERNAME like it's cool here but weird just cause its not the tank . and it's just all a tease cause i want to go to a sharks game 😔 😭 💔 
it's sad to know i used to do things that i wasn't very proud of 😔 thank god he made me realize i'm a better person 😊 
babee saidd i made her sad cause i'm leaving :( 
USERNAME ahh lucky :( i' saw them on snl and they were amazing 
looks like i'm going to the hospital again ... 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME sowwy . didnt know you wanted to come . :( 
really wish i had a girls night with USERNAME USERNAME & USERNAME i just wanna get wild and talk with my babies 😘 😢 
my joints cannot handle this cold weather ! especially my knees :( 
my whole body is so burnt from tanning :( #worstpainever #sleepingnaked #pleaseturntotan 
i've never felt so out of place the way i did today 😔 
USERNAME u hurt my feelings because i like to cuddle :( 
USERNAME you should :( i'm like dying over here . 😷 😖 😵 
USERNAME i know :( no ones likes me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME i need my best friend to talk to . ) ): #boysaredumb 
exactly . </3 i want my cuddle buddy bck ; #kota ♥ URL 
greatt .. the heard of elephants on the third floor are home . #fml 
having a dress that fits perfectly everywhere but because i have a big butt it's short .. #bigbootyprobz #fml #yolo 
wow (if 2nd entry read with cia as context ): URL 
so windy 😣 definitely not leaving my house tonight . 
that means you don't want to hang with my 0_o ... i'm hurt now :( 
USERNAME why you no talk to me no more ? ya no me quieres ? :c 
obsessedly looking at baby names and still can't pick the perfect name :( #frustrated 
why did my phone uninstall instagram . i can't reinstall it until i get an sd card . hopefully tmw . #depressed #instagramless 
i can't write my paper :( too much on my mind grr 😞 
i just miss everyone at santiago and just wanna transfer back 😔 #missmyfriends #hatejfk 
i'm cold . so i'm going to cuddle - with my puppy . :( 
really wants to talk to carson but of course he's already asleep . #lonely 😢 
USERNAME this is when i wish you lived here so we could be miserable together 💔 
USERNAME não consigo me controlar , mas vou parar :( kk 
i jus wanna go to the gym right now 😧 
USERNAME oh hell no ! ! ! it's on jorge ::::::::::: :{ {{{{{{{{{{{{dd~~~~~~~~~~~ 
USERNAME lol or more so when i'm not absolutely terrified to fly :( 
USERNAME your ganna stalk me on twitter to ? lmfao :'( 
USERNAME i miss her lol she getting so old things changing life goes by so fast the last time i seen her was last year 4 black friday , :( 
USERNAME USERNAME :( ( well shucks lol guess i came a few mins after you left 
USERNAME ; :( no creature .. im a unicorn ! 
USERNAME my mail goes to my gramas 😔 and she shows my mom who in return shows my step dad and i get ass rapped on my grades 😞 
everyone in the house right now is sick except me :'( .. guess i'm next 
i hate how my #verizon network doesn't have coverage where i live in peoa utah ! its always going away ! :( 
my dad said i'm not a hipster because i don't have a beard :c 
never in my life have i felt like this #theworst 😢 
not being able to sleep :( #nofun #stupid #nosleep #blah 
USERNAME haha i'm trying man ! been super busy lately 😔 
USERNAME 😥 😭 boowho cry me a river . lol 
USERNAME i don't think i will be able too :( where y'all at right now ? 
wanting to text someone but your afraid that you annoy them 😔 
i just wanted to dance :( ........ with cowboys ! 
sorry kids 😞 ~> the country elected to care more about 
USERNAME ur so mean :( (((( i'm sitting here eatting an apple with my two front teeth ! 
USERNAME i know ! she thinks she is a fucking genius too ! i wanna drop that class so much and they won't let me ! #fml 
holly shot i can't believe that just happened 😧 😵 i'm going to get killed if anyone knows 
🎶you say you feel disenchanted , 'cause lately he takes you for granted , still faithful and tru @ david 💔 artis URL 
say really really fast ! rt when you get it 😧 
here until i can be sth bak to normal ... </3 )'; 
USERNAME re your review: no eternal darkness sequel because silicon knights was , um , busy imploding in slo-mo :( URL 
i need a bestfraand ._. ' i dont have any :( . they all have tons -.- . 
not even hungry , ordered this food for nothing 😔 #whatever 
USERNAME uhm you're getting old though :( lol can't wait til tomorrow <3 
just watched the vow .... #brbcrying #sosad 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
why cant i see my picture i just posted ? ? > :( 
USERNAME will be my friend on facebook , and text me . yet he won't follow me on twitter . #sad :c 
missed my 4,000th tweet :( soo butt hurt . :( 
USERNAME dang , gonna throw the whole state under the bus ? ! 😔 
:( i wish i was as cute as my cat 
he didn't want to sit by me cause he thinks i bite 😔 USERNAME URL 
USERNAME what ? ? really ? ! :'( that sucks .. ! ! ! 
i'm so bored 😳 ! ! ! ! ! 😔 
USERNAME omg i've been wanting to go clubbing for the longest but no one ever wants to go with me :( 
all the memories are coming back to me ... 😖 💔 
i'm so upset that some fat bitch wore my leggings before me and i was shopping so quickly i didnt relize that there was a giant hole in it ): 
USERNAME i'm sorry baby 😔 i'd just gotten off work . 
USERNAME yeah so i won't be out 😞 ... i'm extremely sore and tired ... sorry chica ! will go out soon ! girls night ! have fun ! 💜 
USERNAME hay tal para cual los dos son celosos ! :c jajaa ok ok pero ps yo la amo ! dije:$ 
USERNAME lol . and you had tickets to her concert but i couldn't go :( 
i love my cousins apartment ! i need to move :( 
i forgot to mention , if you called me and it went straight to voicemail or i didn't text back it was because i didn't have service :( #sorry 
USERNAME USERNAME #i would rather be a bama fan and lose than be an auburn fan # sad for you :( 
USERNAME yeah , but not on thursdays :( it will either be tuesday or wednesday 
USERNAME i'm loving that coral dress iy-- this must've been grueling 4 both parties :( 
change of plans the suprise wont be out untill jan .13 ! ! cus it takes to long :( 
where was my homegirl at practice today .. 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME uu tsk tsk . friday lang maaga uwi ko :( 
the sad moment when you are told that michigan isn't going to recruit you because they already have 4 or more first baseman's :( ( 
not talking to you ... drives me nuts . :( #notxts 
USERNAME USERNAME i know , it's an hard tone for me :'( 
USERNAME you just left me out and felt bad cause i favorite it .. :'( #douche 
i walked into the store today , saw all the new clothes we got , and wanted to buy all of it . 😔 
USERNAME right ? she has gone through so much crap . :( 
*thats finger food . i hate that i cant type ! :( lol 
USERNAME my first trip home that i haven't got to see my best friend .. :( #sadtweet #missyou 
i wish i didn't have to spend weekends alone :( 
USERNAME > has me overly critical . sorry dude . :( 
no body retweet . me .. 😢 . everyone like fuck justin hazard better . he always . get retweet . 
i wish my cousin lily was here so i can see baby joel #sadtweet #nocousinswetalktoohere 
my best friend fell asleep :( would anyone like to text me or something ? 
i don't want this to ever end . :( (@ wursfest w/ 45 others) URL 
USERNAME gosh no . that's about the only thing i miss from our marriage , his grandparents cooking ! they're deceased . :( 
just because her eyes don't tear .. 😢 doesn't mean her eyes don't cry .. 😏 
i tend to lose my marbles when my roommates gone :( #comehome #twerkcity #lonesome 
USERNAME no :( i had a game today and of course it would only be one day ! 
i know what my 11:11 wish is gonna be tonight . 😞 #wishfulthinking 
USERNAME sometimes you cant change stupid its ok for them to attack the conservative , but you are raciat if you dont agree with them . :( 
home alone . not the best feeling . 😢 💔 
just because her eyes don't tear .. 😢 .. doesn't mean her eyes don't cry .. 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME por qué no me hacen telepresencia con skype . quiero estar en la fiesta . :( 
so bored but i'm not sleepy . ughh ! ! ! ! 😟 😔 😩 
just what i need for my throat . oral anesthetic ... allergies suck so much ... -__- #fml URL 
USERNAME i wish ! haha i'm cold ): and soo bored 
when yu txt sumone yu miss them but they don't respond ={ </3 
USERNAME :( what's wrong ? ! i miss your hugs lizzie & our talks ! /': 
wahh i'm not gonna lie i'm scared to get this next tat .. that's some tender skin man . 😣 
USERNAME i have no clue . i don't have math . sorry :( 
when he got shot 😿 😥 😪 😢 <<<<<< #dearjohn 
you ah fuck nigga an ion fuck witcha yts (zay bricks) young3 & duece (fuck niggas ): URL via USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME lol i'm home at my crib brah 😔 
just because her eyes don't tear .. doesn't mean her eyes don't cry .. 😢 😔 😏 
USERNAME poor mahgo so desperate ! for your hopes up for nothing when dad said yes :( 
when i feel self conscious all the time .. i expected you to say something nice . but .. you say that . don't worry bout it though . 😔 😒 
my feet are so swollen and i'm warring boots :( this mama wants slippers and a warm soft bed ! #tiredmamma 
i never in my life have felt so uncomfortable or so weird ...... 😔 
i miss adrian so much y’all :( i was excited to go to odessa and visit his cross . 
on and off fever + suka'ing . hahay way mas kapoy ? ! :( ((( 
when i talk to you a thousand memories come back ... 💔 
USERNAME awh .... math .. ? ? 😔 where's sams bestfriend .. ? lol 
well ole miss , you've disappointed me yet again .. 😔 
so i go down stairs to get cheese cake & flan . & there nothing left ! wtff ! :( 
i cannot believe selena & justin bieber broke up ): they were so cute together 
USERNAME factory ? loving your drunk tweets ! :{ ) 
USERNAME aw well he needs to hurry , 😔 oh & thanks for texting me back 😒 
USERNAME :o kinda . /.\ :( what is it a porn site -.- 
i miss you to , but i'm not sure i want you back .. 😣 
i can't live with a headache anymore . i can't 😢 
weekend not the same with out my best friend :( USERNAME 
USERNAME 😣 these next couple months are gonna be rough . not lookin forward to it . 
i want a relationship like miley cyrus and liam hemsworth have in the last song 😔 #sodangcute 
i'm lying guys no lindo texted me 😔 i was just trying to get #oomfs attention like a herb .. 
USERNAME don't tell me that ! ! ! ! 💔 😩 
i wish i could have my old xbl account back :( 
USERNAME our lifes suck ): i wish my parents knew about this thing called heat and would put it on ! 
USERNAME does not have custody over my t.t . -______- 
i'm starting to think i need to have my wrist looked at ... it hurts like a bitch . :'( 
USERNAME pretty sure i didnt ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !olny as bestie and to u i mean it well stop say in mean things your making me cry :'( </3 
USERNAME USERNAME i hate goings days without talking to you . i miss my best friends :( 
sarah better come visit me though , i was waiting for her today :( 
im sick 😷😷 i think i'm dying 😔 😔 😵 😵 
just want my baby to get home from work .. 😢 💏 
guys night on the couch with rob since USERNAME is to cool to stay away from work while her boyfriend is here 😭 😭 #stilloveyou 
seriously could totally drink right now ! it's been too long since i've had some . just a little . but no ... i can't . :( 
it seems like you do it on purpose . maybe you do .. 😔 
i love him but idk how much longer i can take his bullshit .. i'm done making up excuses for him ! i'm the one getting hurt </3 
USERNAME me to girll me too . :( it could be my xmass present from you . (; 
im ready to go home ... i dont give a fuvk your time . is up b; :( &$ .... 
this movie is no fun to watch alone & sober .. 😔 #snoopdogg #wizkhalifa URL 
i wish i was 16 or i had someone to drive me everywhere ! #sadtweet 
USERNAME ahh i miss you too ): let's hang out soon pretty ❤ ️ 
quique: wish i was a kid again :( ... me: stfu , youre only 14 ! !lmao 
USERNAME we were supposed to come back to each other this weekend 😔 
they drinking ugh i can't work in the morning :( 
i have a gambling problem :'( wind up walking home naked 
oh noo 😣 why do bad things happen to good people ? i don't understand 
thanks for breakin my heart again , even though i was almost better . no big deal . </3 
that feeling when you end a 12 hour work day ... knowing that you have to put in another on sunday , too . #gorked #fml 
i only trust like 3 people & i feel like i just lost one of them 😔 
of course this song plays . you thought nothing of it ! ! ! </3 
USERNAME my nose is so sore n bruised . apparently he elbowed me in the face while i was tryin to calm him down on the ground :( 
but my hair is honestly not growing long ! it's not fair ! :( 
USERNAME negative ! i dont see uu at school fool . :( lol 
USERNAME you better , haven't seen my ''cousin" for soo long ! :( 
i just ate an onion because my mom dared me ... 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #cryingalot #mythroat #ohmygoshness 
sad fact: i can't eat pizza rolls™ like i used to . :-( 
USERNAME you're not following me back =( 😥 😥 😥 😕 lol 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i'm definitely allergic to my doggy #fuckmylife i still love you nelly ❤ 
i hate that my legs hurt when it's cold 😔 
USERNAME omg i went through hell today trying to find interview clothes :-( ima fail ! 
USERNAME aww yeah ! i heard it once & i was like aww amandaa ! :c 
my boss taking fucking forever & i'm getting pissed bro 😩 😔 😑 
USERNAME hahaha right ? i'm still fucking lazy and don't wanna move but i wanna party at the same time 😔 but won't hahahaha 
you know you had a horrible day if you go to bed when the boondocks are on :( 
me and USERNAME swear USERNAME is the funniest nigga ever 😭 😭 
i guess he be tellin ppl im just a friend 😞 
jasper and emily's goodbye party last night :( gunna miss those two ! jas_sandhu89 USERNAME @ red hen cant URL 
USERNAME yess ! ! ! ! 😩 😭 i hate it all 
USERNAME i really wanna skate with ya again tho . :( 
when im sick .. all i wanna do is cuddle cause i get so cold ! ): 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i wish i was but my boy wont even be there :( 
USERNAME ooh school out hope we r but they didnt say :( 
USERNAME i thought you were broke 😔 no drinkies wif mee 😫 😖 😤 
everyone at school makes fun of my last name fuk u guys :-( 
i'm so scared i'm going to hit a deer this late driving from work 😁 😥 
USERNAME i know but i'm dry right now . </3 
USERNAME i had so much fun with you guys , yall are the best ! all 8th grade and all freshman year ! ! i miss that :( im super glad we met ! <3 
i don't like who i am at all :( #bitch #flirt 
ugh gotta go i . dnt play with the king ...... :( 
wahh ! ! this like put my mood down 😢 
i miss my twin ! ! ! and other half ! ! :( (( 
USERNAME smarty745 but i gotta get my router fixed first , what games do u got , i dont have halo 4 :( 
just wanted to say thanks to everyone that bet on me and _____ relationship . feels nice being back stabbed by 6 of my friends . 😒 😣 
USERNAME please come over #now #cryingwithoutyou #longdistancestinks . 😔 😣 😢 😪 😥 💔 💞 
ugh ! i agree to work the night shift and plans start to come up . #fml @ work URL 
had fun tonight ! 💙 just wish i could have slow danced with you ! 😔 💜 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
this girl at church was being bullied and i cried when she told me what she been thro 💔 
i hate the fact that eventually we will all go our separate ways ... #sadtweet 😞 
when i miss them ... all of them #oldschool </3 
long ass line at the movies :( but got good seats (@ amc orange 30 for skyfall w/ 9 others) [pic]: URL 
i hate how my baby has to deal with me whenever i'm like this 😞 
USERNAME i will probably cry during dear john 😢 favorite movie of all time ! & watch them make excuses not to come over -.- 
"USERNAME where is USERNAME ? not here :( URL idk :( 
is my phone just not sending texts or is everyone i know ignoring me ? ? #probablythelatter #fml 
if people only knew the work that boy puts in . 😔 
momma is going on vacation for 2 days .. what am i gonna do without her 😖 😔 😥 😩 
USERNAME same :c i'm just kinda hating life right now 
i just really hate being sick . especially because i'm just basically all alone 😥 
it's not the end of world , just the end world that you had with one girl 😔 
one small fight can turn a house into a huge physcopathic rampage #welldamn #fml 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i'm starving but i'm too scared to walk downstairs cause it's pitch black #scaredycat 😥 
i miss you alot and i saw you last night ¦[ :( 
USERNAME im about to go cry myself to sleep ): , i love u & i see u 2morrow when i blow u & dorsey block up widd my mofo glock . yaw 
volunteering in coney island , midland & south beach tomorrow 💛 💙 💜 💚 ❤ 😔 #hurricanesandy 
just don't like my friends . haven't for a while👎 😥 😭 
USERNAME 😯 that is so deep ! mine sounds gay now .. 😞 
i really wanted to give my dad a taper but he didn't want one :( 
USERNAME too long of a story . just a bad night and i want to walk out right now 😞 😥 
i'm depressed because USERNAME wants to leave me ! #whywouldyoudothistome 😭 
wish my honey was here 2 cuddle wit me 😔 😔 😔 
i miss soccer season :( ⚽ and USERNAME #boo URL 
i don't want to be with anyone but you 😔 #won 'twaitforever 
couldn't text USERNAME all night 😞 i'm sorry baby ! i love you ❤ 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! and i miss tsa :( 
#confessionnight with the boys i thought i was complete but i always think about this one boy </3 
ugh . curlers hurt . not getting any sleep tonight . 😣 
i am not even look forward to the holidays 😔 #thespiritisgone 
USERNAME don't do me like that now ....... lol it was my fault i'm not even going to lie 😔 
i sware boys in 7&8th grade have the creepiest bromances .. 😣 
puh puh puh pweaase don't do dis to me :( loll 
USERNAME :( whoever it is got my new # i got 4 days ago and sayin mad crap to me but every time i ask who it they sent version :/ hmm 
USERNAME i know ! :( and my throat already hurts ! 
USERNAME i told you to stop peeking in my windows :( #fatwhale #exposed 
yea im being ignored that's not what friends do :( 
just got off the phone with USERNAME , but didn't get to talk to hin long #sadtweet i'm praying he feels better :'( 
USERNAME no . i didn't have time . i was leaving . 😔 👎 #fail 
USERNAME i did it and you still haven't followed me ): 
sleeping with the tv on to void out how quiet it is ): 
USERNAME do you understand how depressing it is that you still don't follow me ? ): 
USERNAME :( i read something about him leaving the team :( i dont want him leaving ;( i also miss him on twitter haha 
so beyond thankful that in wasn't anything serious . i never wanna experience this again .... 😞 
thats how i get . lol . im such a loner :c 
USERNAME i don't have live right now :'( or halo 4. lol but i will soon ! 
my chinchilla is the only thing that will ever love me . 😔 
now to lay alone till i fall asleep 😔 😴✌ 
USERNAME hahaha i recommend you don't ! the tweets will piss you off ! 😔 🔫 
USERNAME i hope it is baby :( i miss you so much ! i love hear your soft angel voice <3 
USERNAME this coming week we don't have the same nights off , but we may get lucky the week after . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME :( shit .. lol i made my sister do it 
this kills me more then i ever thought it would #fuckmylife ! 
USERNAME l . o . v . e you janet all i listened to growing up was you and michael aww i miss him : :c ries:: </3 
i don't even have enough strength to watch snl 😢 #reallysadtweet 
always spending money at the mall and coming back home realizing that i spent all my money on useless things 😔 
i've been gone from my mommy for one day and i already miss her 😔 😞 😥 😰 😭 #cantsurvive #mamasgirl 
i miss oomf too . 😔 haven't seen em inna while . 
USERNAME is amazing ad cute but she has her moments :( 
i got faith in you and i ... but i'm scared 😔 😔 i'm too scared 
- babe is leaving to virginia for a whole week , guess i'm not spending his birthday with him 😔 
everyone is talking about daiquiris and i want one too :-( #jealous 
seriously in the mood to play super smash brothers right now .... too bad i don't have that game anymore 😭 😭 #lifesucks 
USERNAME just makes me mad last few days everything's down hill :( 
i'm just really confused with my feelings right now :( 
all the shit that i have to pass through :-( URL 
moments like these are certainly when i wish i had a vehicle in toronto . ugh 😞 
erika's mom is crying because she hit a deer omg i just watched it happen 😭 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME ah yess ! i came back for the night to pick up mail ! i go back early tomorrow tho :( 
i really don't understand how you are supposed to be my but then do that to me .. 😞 😔 
i shouldnt have gone :c why cant u act the same 24/7 :/ 
i'm tired of seeing couples , and there i am alone . 💔 
USERNAME the party i was telling you about ... :( 
uhh i want to go home so i can go to the bukies game :'( 
just hard to believe how many people you think you can trust ... then you open your eyes and realize there's no one standing there .. :'( 
sleeping . what a wonderful gift to escape reality 😴 😔 💤🌙⭐ 
USERNAME nope ! :( your not ! gotta make me wait an hour ! >:/ 
i feel bad for asking my bf to help when he has plans tonight :( 
USERNAME im sure i did .... im really sorry haha . and i would have if i couldve :( ( 
the fair always gets me feeling all sick . :( 
i'm so over having red hair 😭 😭 😭 😭 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
saying goodbye even sucks on a skype date 😪 💔 
USERNAME aww ! i didn't get see youu ! ! ! ! :( 
like if you don't text me back i just get so sad :( 
really don't want to write this paper ... it's a saturday night 😢 
USERNAME because there's nothing to do :( you're out at 10 huh ? ? 
im over age and my pops still has dictatorship over my ass . #fml #asianlife # 
this night is finally over . 😞 music & then sleep ! 
i want to be back on campus now :( . 
USERNAME what happened ? ! i never even got a ride in it yet :( 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME it would make my night soo much better 💜 i'm stargazing by myself 😢 
USERNAME i seen , but i already made plans sorry ): 
i made the worst mistake a couple of months ago so how do i fix it now #ugh #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME thank god ill have u bc yvonne is gonna be grounded for eternity :( :( :( 
USERNAME what chu suhh sassy for . (snapchat me back betch) 😢 USERNAME 
USERNAME just call me back already i'm getting lonely like seriously go get big ty :( ugh 
yes it is i dont say it to every one sept my best friends any the person i love:'/you ! ! :'( 
USERNAME haha no :( i wish . i was busy all day . that tweet was supposed to be to someone lol oops . 
bobcats lost :( drown your sorrows with a daiquiri . the first person to retweet this will get a large for the price of a medium . 
USERNAME i thought our relationship was going just fine…or maybe i've been in denial 😔 💔 
my 11:11 wish is you ... but you not here 😢 
found out i'm allergic to something idk what , but i do know i'm broke out in hives . -_- #fml 
marcella #klated my text to her the other day 😭 
sigh i have to be up so early to go back to fayetteville 😔 😭 
USERNAME i sent msg to both post office & on the woot support site . tracking page says delivered 2 days ago . really want my gps :-( 
note to self : stay off of facebook so you don't see what you're missing out on in appleton #sadtweet 
i'm looking forward to wasting my day tommorow fixing my car instead of spending time with kid . every trip to socal punishes me so much :( 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME -love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i know i shouldn't be doin this , but i feel so much better 😔 
USERNAME oh my gosh justin :( #staystrongjustin please we love you don't ever forget that ! ! ! 
USERNAME wtf why are they not coming and :( where do u live lol 
sometimes i wish we were tougher agian and everything was back to normal :'( #life was perfect 
not sure if it was a good idea to give the band kids bags of candy ... because right now i am crashing 😞 #sleepytime 
USERNAME i'm with my boy ! plus i wouldn't have a babysitter ): 
USERNAME be careful , mal . i hope things get better for you ! ! :( 
best way to get rid of some agony and pain is inhave to let #oomf go <<< ! 💔 
my 11:11 wish is you ... but you're not here 😥 😥 😥 😥 
someone shoot me ! i'm taking a practice act tomorrow at 8 am :( 
ms . pescador fell in gym and i wasn't there to help her :( 
figure i would make it out before the old place shuts down :-( (@ the valarium) URL 
glad i'm off tge clock ... now off to da crib to fuck wit some of my favorites ... USERNAME , USERNAME , n carter .. missin my hubby :'( 
but seriously , i want to cuddle . i hate feeling alone and shitty . 😔 
i hate seeing denzel die in safe house 😢 😢 😢 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME ah , makes sense . that’s unfortunate though :( 
it breaks my heart when someone loves a person but isn't with them :( i've felt that before & it hurt so bad 
USERNAME no ! waah he's being selfish today . :( lol 
i wanted to see my babii today but i let him play ball w . his friends . :( 
finally gave in and dropped my rings off to get sized ... my life will be incomplete for an entire week 😪 😢 💍💎 
it would really be nice if someone could buy me cigarettes :( (@ quiktrip) URL 
“USERNAME this is why i wear tights . it's way easier ... 😥 tired of trying stuff on . nothing works . URL 👍👍👍👍 
i hate not trustin him cuz all i think about is whether he's cheatin or not 😔 ... 
i can't even make popcorn without burning it ! ! ! haha #fml 
my last rt is the truth it's like every girl going bi now 😞 😭 
now what am i going to do tonight 😭 😭 
USERNAME i have to go to my dads :( how about next weekend ? 
we're blowin things up at kenny iguanas tonight ! s t.t homas get rowdy #mudmen 
who wants to smoke a l with me ? i don't wanna smoke alone 😞 
USERNAME yeah but don't forget you can't say happiness without saying ... 😔 
USERNAME lol noo ! she wasn't your roommate . she was so drunk that she thought she lived in your room 😔 
seems like everyone’s going to bed now . i shoul d; my head hurts . stupid caffeine crash . :( 
i'm so fat 😭 #enchiladas @ taqueria el charro URL 
reading old messages are never a good idea .... 😔 
i wish my dancing partner was here . 😔 😩👎👎 
USERNAME til when are you guys there ? ! im with my family waiting to go home so i can comee 😭 maybe like 9 
USERNAME good luck ! all i saw was doe too :( 
i cleaned my room ! it'll be dirty by tomorrow lol ): URL 
my daddy sounds like he was finna cry :( lol it was cute though 
bouta loose my wifi :( but goin to toys r us ! looking for liyah sum toys(; 
now i feel so alone around them 😔 why can't i just did a boy who won't fuck me over 😕 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i obviously never meant as much you as you said i did . 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME ...... :'( :'( :'( :'( no one loves me more ! :( 
ughh , why am i so lame .. :( #loner #loser #lame 
USERNAME waahh 6 months is weird enough for me 😭 
when your old friends now hate you < # :( USERNAME USERNAME 
no matter how many fights we have , if you love me we'll work them out together :( 
USERNAME that bonnie & clyde relationship , where we ride together 🚲, cry together 😭 , fight together 👊💢 😡 , die together 💀 ❤ 💀 >> 💏💯 
USERNAME they do that everywhere , not just at a&m :-( 
USERNAME are you by any chance following the d that's something da d would say 😭 😭 lool 
just watched a maskeeto carry off one of my dogs . :-( 
weekend be so boring wen i dnt spend it wit my love :-( 
i'm really startin too fuck up i'm guessin he dnt wanna tlk to me :'( ... 
one of my back dreads just fell out 😳 😔 
i wanna cry & cry and cry some more #fml 
i don't want to talk/text to my mom but i want to know when my iphone 5 will be here 😞 
that bonnie & clyde relationship , where we ride together 🚲, cry together 😭 , fight together 👊💢 😡 , die together 💀 ❤ 💀 >>>>>>>> 💏💯 
USERNAME no clue :( but the wifi calling . is just some java . i’m not a java guy 
watching abc family on a saturday night ... i'm a loser . but it's okay . i'm just freezing 😭 
i should change that tweet , naah imma leave oomf alone today . 😭 
USERNAME what do you mean last tuesday for awhile ? hahah 😧 
USERNAME ahh i know i'm trying everyone is debating on going now 😢 
the last song always gets me so worked up 😥 
USERNAME he doesnt like to take pictures with me ): 
i'd be like , oh lawd why'd you take my brutha ? ! he was so young uh ermahgerd can i have a moment . ima miss that ratchet red head :'( 
USERNAME id be extremely happy , but i know it won't happen 😔 
immediately crying when my dad reads me a beautiful letter from my coach <<>>>< :'( can't believe its over 
USERNAME if i was in atlanta i would of stopped by when i saw your tweet ! :( this week we'll chill ! in the mean time cheer up buttercup ! 
ughh they don't make movies like this anymore 😣 soo good 
high ankle sprain and a possible fracture :( no basketball for a while #goshdamnitrob 
USERNAME fuckk youu ! !i wish i had been able to get tickets for tonight 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME next time i'm in there , i'll tell you bye before i leave . 😔 
😔 . that's an emoji of defeat and sadness , since eman can't see it . 
USERNAME waah i miss you so uncontrollably its not fun :( 
my warhead sour candies are like stale or something 😔 
you can't even tell my hair is curled .. ): 
the bartenders at cobblestones can not make drinks 😣 👎 
USERNAME i love bunnies , is that a problem ? 😭 😭 😭 URL 
USERNAME we get 50 buses every sat ! 😣 😣 😣 
USERNAME aww :( i saw everyone but you ! even teachers lmaoo i'm coming back for ya tho 
USERNAME yes i do ! but robert talks and leiva joins in never try's talking to me like a normal conversation 😔 
jesus , gallo is dead in the water out there :( #nuggets 
USERNAME tu no te va muurir :( me iiria contigo :( 
if this madagascar movie doesn't start getting trippy soon i'm done > :( 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i miss my best friend/ sister/ confidon USERNAME 💔 can't wait to see her ! 
why am i so depressed lately . this is bad 😔 
i hate this . i just want to forget about all of it . i don't have my escape . 😔 
nights like this i wish i had netflix . :c 
USERNAME i know sonn , & i think a nigga hit her :( 
waahh USERNAME went to bed now all alone . so sad 😢 
#confessionnight USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME are a few of the greatest friends i have and i barely ever see them 😢 
i really wish i could make it vegas tomorrow to celebrate USERNAME bday celebration & party w/ my #pic USERNAME #caligirlnow #fml 
this isn’t cold enough > :[ “USERNAME USERNAME get excited ! URL 
not missing wisconsin , but missing the family .... 💔 
i've thought so much about my grandma today it's so weird . #missher 😔 
USERNAME you weren't feeling good ? why didn't you tell me ? :( 
USERNAME lol alright as soon as i have my special someone 😞 🔫 
#tonightsanightwhen i just want t cuddle up and drink hot coco , to bad im #hotaf right now ! :( 
i miss those days when i would runaway to the mail box sounds silly because it wasn't far ... but it was my chance to breathe 😔 
can't find my kitty 😔 i hope she's inside somewhere 
USERNAME i wish u could come to troy for our homecoming 😔 
USERNAME haha that's funny ! don't be scared lol 😦 
"USERNAME USERNAME am i really that ugly like you say ? :( lol URL no bby your cute af to me <3 3333 
i'm seriously a bad friend i had USERNAME scandals in movie for such a long time i'm sorry 😔 i promise ill give them to you soon 
i wish i was as popular as USERNAME 😔 😉 
USERNAME nah lmao cuz my supervisor can't see that we're in love 💔 she probably thinks age matters but i can grow a beard 
USERNAME she told me she not smocking no more :( 
if i really got invited to that trip idk how i would feel about it 😔 
when i call my baybays number , i get a click everytime lol #sadday 
ayoko tumawag doon ehh :( matatanong lang nila ako about dun hahaha dx 
USERNAME marshalls but not for long ;p lol ill take your $9 an hour . ): 
USERNAME i was baby but i'm back i'm really sorry :( 
rocking out to teenage dream isn't the same w/o USERNAME 😣 
USERNAME d'aw , noo :c i don't have kik >.< what was it that you wanted to send mee ? 0: i am curious .. o.o 
crying myself to sleep cause it been one of those weeks #muchneeded be better tomorrow i hope #idontcry 😢 😣 #help 
USERNAME geezz i was just leaving u something to look foward to next time u got on the book :( trying to make u feel popular . #loosaa 
so glad i messed up my perfectly awsome orange juice with too much vlad :( #fuck 
i haven't seen my nephew in almost a week ...... i miss him ! :( 
i wish i wouldn't be scared to open up to people 😔 
jess asked if i could sleepover her house ! ! i want to , but i have games :( 
i just want to cry this headache is so bad . 😫😩 😭 
USERNAME hahaha okay ! i need more binkies ! i only have my two from last year 😔 we are the most immature kids in our county . 
miss you too i don't like not being together :( 
i ate so much junk food today . not eating anything tomorrow . 😒 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME haha i didn’t have twitter a couple months ago i made it last week :( 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME that's no fun :( i hope feel better ! ! i love my new nickname though ! ! ! lol 
USERNAME USERNAME nope :( ( im sadd im gonna go get it hopefully tomorrow 
i want a grey goose jacket before it starts snowing :( ! 
USERNAME aww my baby i thought he was just saying that :-( 
my poor kitty is over night at the hospital . and i happen to believe state street is a bunch of money hungry assholes . i'm sad about this 😭 
USERNAME okay ! now get to bed ! we need energy for our running tumbling that we cant do together :'( 
because the more i go down her tl it looks more and more like that :( ( 
i don't even feel like going out after work tomorrow i just wanna stay home 😞 
decided to go for a run ... and it has been way to long plus my inhaler isn't working for me anymore :( 
watching the saddest movie everr ! ! ❤ and crying like a baby ! 😭 USERNAME 
USERNAME i'll be in pennsylvania :( but , i plan on bringing my computer so if i get free wifi , we can ! i'm sorry . love you poops . 
USERNAME well i'm back at the cabin now :( are you here tomorrow mornin . 
today was a long ass day nothing (nothing) went right even the thing that was suppose to be fun #fml 
USERNAME yea i feel u ... i gotta head to bed soon myself cause i gotta be up at freakin 6 ... :( 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i hope you aren't listening to mac miller without me 😢 
i was hoping surely tonight would be the night i would get that call #day2 💔 
missing USERNAME so much .. 💔 sorry i'm not there for you tonight love . 
USERNAME USERNAME til next time;((((( 😭 papa yg will you plss bring the entire family next time ? ?🙏 USERNAME including you 👍 
really ! ? don't call my dad .. we're trying to have fam . fam . time :( 
no football in pads for another 6 months . . . :'( 
i really don't want to look at my bank account . :( i have a shopping problem . 😁 
USERNAME in my early 30's i came across your books and they helped me with my journey at that time ! now i need ur help 😳 😔 
falling apart mentally , physically and emotionally . #happydayended :( ( 
saw straight no chaser ! it was amazing ! don had pants on though ! :( #snclive 
last hours in the lou then off to jeff for school . 😔 
those nights when everything keeps replaying in your head and it brings back all those old memories you wish you could forget 😪 😢 👎 #sadtweet 
i wish ashley would call me & yell when i pick up , like she used to . :( 
the migraine pain hits hard one minute then goes away then comes back harder ): #hateit . 
i wanna be home , in my own bed ... 😔 😢 🏡 
USERNAME if i wasn't already under the covers watching the last song , i def would :( 
no matter how hard you try , sometimes they will just never understand . #men 😞 
wow 6 little chicken nuggets to eat all day and i'm stuffed . not good :( 
dog is barking on demand and sparks is curled up next to me meowing :'( 
i want things to go back to normal with us :c 
i would ask my mom for wingstop but she get so impatient for them to make em ): 
what i will do for the people i care about .... they wouldn't do for me #sadtweet 
USERNAME i saw that yesterday . i feel so bad for him . :-( 
¿acaso a ustedes no les gusta el drama ? :( . ah ok . bueno , no importa , a mi si . 
USERNAME lol that's what i'm calling my son ;d and enjoy it while it lasts ! i'm telling you ! they grow up so fat :( 
people always say actually get here ? i'm still waiting .. 😔 
now you are just playing with my emotions ! </3 
USERNAME it really hurt me when they killed shorty .. i was locked down in my cell when i had to read about it 😔 
man i really don't feel good , feeling like i'm about to throw . upp ): 
USERNAME dancing to motown , not the same without ya ! :( 
rolling up on that wreck scene brings back so many memories of going on calls :( 
USERNAME what is this link to ? i can't open :( 
can't seem to get out of this pissed off mood i been for days , anything and everything has been bothering me and idk why 😠 😞 
USERNAME you poor thing , you always lose your voice ! 😔 
i need my parents :'( i miss them so bad ... imcrying damn 
USERNAME im still here till monday night man hahah . but i miss you too dawg :( 
USERNAME omg were such weirdos fighting for the better mustache face .. which i obviouslly is me ! ! ! lol ::: :{ {{{dd~~~~~ :{ d~ 
USERNAME that's how i feel ! i just all of a sudden got really hungry ): 
USERNAME i wish i had a love like theirs ! ! ! 😭 
to be honest , i'm still baffled by the powers game yesterday . i'm just waiting on a tweet saying ... 😩 😔 #notreallife 
son i felt my bed shake :( ( i thought it was a mini earthquake lmfaoo 
brother goes back to college tomorrow , hardest part is when he leaves . who knows when ill see him again :( not again #nodontleave 
stop ! USERNAME thinking of how much ill miss my girls from infusion dance next year . i'm already starting to tear up 😔 😢 💔 
so much for USERNAME christmas present being a surprise .. props to me for sending someone else's message to him with details about it . 😭 
my cousin is growing up so fast :( i wish she would not grow up so fast feeling old 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME :( i'm sorry girl . how the team lookin ? 
the negro in front of me better shut his ratchet loud ass up cuz ppl like me are tryna sleep ! 😣 😴 😡 👊 
the truth ! ! ! @ in my feelings 💔 💚 💔 💚 URL 
r . i . p . tyson you will always be loved me and jhawk will miss you big boy and duke and coco :( love you big boy:'''''( 
#confessionnight nothing is ever enough for me anymore .. 😔 
especially my boyfriends , but he hates when i do it 😞 
i called mariah back and she didn't answer ... ): hoe , goodnightt :* sweet dreamss 
johlyn passed out on me :( time to go cuddle up & sleep . night twitter . 
USERNAME USERNAME is that a fat joke ? ! 😱 😳 😣 
USERNAME i never got to finish watching skins 💔 :/ 
i am a horrible son 😔 “USERNAME my youngest son made fun of me because i have a twitter . USERNAME 
killer headache that won't go away . tried everything; took out contacts , ate food , refreshment , pills , cracking my neck , and self massage :( 
happy early birthday kendal ! what do i get for my early birthday present ? a damn cold . #fml 😔 😷 
USERNAME i think i dislocated my elbow no lie :( and no you're not . 
gah ! dang it ! ! ! ! ! 😔 so close ... #ohwell 
USERNAME yeah cause i'm the only single one who doesn't have anything to look forward to going home :( 
i hate when i do something awesome and no one sees it . :( 
USERNAME omg i wish 😞 you have no idea how much i wish i could 
and the day he dosent txt me at all im like -----> :( <----- #imisshim 
USERNAME no dalton mine is terrible it's almost making me cry . like my eyes feel weird .... 😭 😭 😭 
i get off work , hoping to do something that would cheer me up , but alas , nobody wants to hang .. #lonely ): 
i like you alpt ? ;0 i(d] walk miles for you . id introduce you too my dad . telling him how great of a guy u are .. but noo . :( 
stayin home . mommy duties to a sick babygirl :( would rather stay home anyways 
omg t . mills tweeted her . fml 😭 😭 😭 
showered , but still in pain :( going to get it looked at in the am . . . (@ barracks #2571 ) URL 
when u crave certain things ... seems like the whole damn world has it ... :( 
my stitches itch .... & i can't itch them 😭 👎 😡 😫 #fuck 
to em casa , nem deu pra acabar de olhar o filme :( 
i called mariah back , but she didn't answer ... ): oh well , goodnight hoe:* sweet dreamss USERNAME 
i get home from the wedding & my dog ate & destroyed everything . #whyme #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME haha ! im soo scareedd ! :( (((( 
i wish i had someone to keep me warm . 😔 ❄ 
i been lookn for that cwmg video and i cant find it :( 
soo cam went to alabama and ain't a fan no more :( ... no fun taunting him lol 
cant sleep and i have to work in 7 hours . #fml 
there's only one more episode of icarly ever 😢 USERNAME 
chillin with this hurt chick and her birthday just happens to be tomorrow USERNAME #18yearsofbeinghurt #celebration 😐 😲 😔 #superhurt 👏 
the fact that my parents havent called me or texted me <<<<< ): 
USERNAME don't you care about my education :( this is hard shit . 
god bless the homeless people that's out on the streets rite now :( 
i hate when i see football players cry . 😥 
have to pee so bad ..... no toilet paper :( 
sitting at home bout ready to pull my hair out #annoyed #fml 
it honestly breaks my heart seeing things on tv about kids who are sick with life threatening diseases 😥 #notfair #godbless 
USERNAME i was beyond ugly on middle school . 😭 
i feel bad going over to a friends house and just whoop his ass on fifa :( ( 
guess i'm finna get off i got work ik ima be hella tired shouldn't hve drunk dat cup ! #fml 
worst day ever at work today , &i still have to wait for this damn trolley in the cold rain :( #butthurt #stressed #ijustwanttogohome 
glass of wine and a cigarette all alone :( my friends suck . someone come hangout with me ! ! ! 
USERNAME oh buddy i'm so sorry ! you get better soon ! 😥 
not looking forward to getting up at 6 30 on a sunday morning for work ! 👎😩 😞 😒 
ill get right on that ! but idk if i saved your new number 😳 😣 
the moment when you have nothing left to say :'( 
& too top it all off , ifeel sick to my stomach ): 
USERNAME i'm so sorry wade 😖 😭 🙏 please text me if you need to talk ok ? i'm always here for you 
i'm at my uncomfortable shitty bed :( (paramus , nj) URL 
today i went to a glassblower's workshop and i forgot to bring my camera . 😭 #photography 
my phone dry then a bitch 😢 guess il keep watchin the game till somebody text me 😒 
you never know what you got until it's gone . wish i would of realized how much i truly needed you . drowning in regrets and sorrows . </3 
USERNAME i'm sorry ! i wish i was there too ! i'm also sad i missed what i'm sure was a lovely drunken call 😔 
USERNAME yea ! ! ! too bad i have no money yet for christmas :-( 
i can't handle the fact that evan peters is the most beautiful creation to hit this planet and i'm not with him 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME your tweets are killing me ! ! ! i know , no christmas concert to go too :( i guess his records will have to do . 
not happy about injuries in this 1st quarter :( #goducks 
USERNAME just died bc i didnt get to her house and give her chest compressions fast enough ... #tragic #waahh :'( 
USERNAME i miss you too :( i was just about to tweet to you about that picture of you with a mustache .. yeah you look extremely white ... 
bout to go eat some filipino cow blood spaghetti 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME see what your missing :( meow there's no bacardi and no wine :( lol sowwry URL 
hate feeling like this every time i get ahead i fall behind :( 
i just don't understand why you have to do things that hurt me :( 
#confessionnight the only person i text is USERNAME & USERNAME occasionally . besides that , no one texts me ... #notloved ✌ 💔 
i miss USERNAME be safe and come home soon :( 
watching 24/7 pens/caps because theres no sports on this time of year without hockey 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME to see if someone will take the time and talk to me about it #thoughtyouwould 😢 😢 😢 😢 
there is no words to describe how i feel right now 😓 😥 😪 😞 #hurt 
USERNAME why aren't you with us ? ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i'm not gonna be able to make it to church tomorrow . :( 
USERNAME that ain t.t he only problem ! no ride ninjaa . im fucked 
i'm just gonna have to deal with this night alone 😞 goodnight ✌ 
if only i had money on me for some wallys chicken coop :( 
so alex got mad cuz i said he was just like all the other guys . he said that he really liked me & was wondering if i felt the same way . 😣 
i want a phone call from #oomf . badly 💔 
these are one of those nights when i miss my friends back home 😔 😔 , 10 more days ! 
dinner with my daddy was awesome ! i can't believe how long i've been away from my family ! :( #collegelife 
i've one short txt & phone call today 😔 😢 
s/o to the dumbass rednecks doing donuts in front of rue 21 ! ! i'll be that cool one day ! #ihope :( 
i hate being this negative version of myself , but i don't know how to change 😔 😁 
can't say idgaf cause not only do i but i gave the world 😔 
USERNAME and USERNAME pry think i have the worst life ever right now . #sorry :( 
my lastnight in ga ... im omw home with a sad face :( 
well my lip keeps getting bigger and bigger ! :( ((( 
somebody dig me a hole to crawl into because this sore throat is killing me . :c 
one month from today and ill be 23 ! #depressing 
rockaway beach boardwalk ... after sandy :-( @ rockaway beach - 98th street URL 
USERNAME that's exactly what they're doing . i think it's cute and in a fool for it . :( 
plane crash in shaver . her a loud thud about and hour ago . sad :( 
USERNAME lax cuz i'm bored ): i almost stopped at gunners lol 
USERNAME tobey :( i brought a friend home early and i don't feel like going back 
jus gave my baby some medicine , her sick and can't sleep :( 
watching and trying to diagnose each person in the video . #fml #mursestudentprobs 
the fact that my brothers going to a heat game tommorow 😔 
he doesn't know how much my mind thinks of him :( . chase the girls that dgaf then come to me when your done with games ;) ! 
no ass rt USERNAME ........... rt USERNAME :( rt USERNAME me and my girl USERNAME <3 URL 
i'm so tired and i'm soo far away from home :( 
i won't get to spend my birthday with him 😔 😞 😢 
this long distance thing all talk no sex kill me now :( (( 
are there any young ladys out there that still find a gentleman attractive , if so let me know , a frustrated gentleman asking for advice .. :( 
cornbeef sam-ich for me tonight ! can't wait to go home , i am so tired :( 
lmao hot rod is stupid 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i need a hug or something 😔 not feeling great ... 
id do anything to be able to talk to you :( 
USERNAME USERNAME :( that slut but hopefully i get one tomorrow ! when do yu work tomorrow ? 
USERNAME no one loves us 😣 no one texts us back ! ! ! 
i wish you wouldn't have left so i didn't have to be all alone tonight .. 😔 
your the only guy i think about , and the only guy i want , why cant you accept that #sadtweet 
my boyfriend can't just let me be tired . if he's not tired he's going to make sure i'm not tired too . 😒 😔 😠 
USERNAME USERNAME lmaoo , sounds more like a nightmare :c lol my suitemates always play pitbull when i go in their room . that's racist ! 
my mom needs to hurry up and come take care if my tattoo ! 😔 
cruel fuckin joke ! ! ! ! son of a bitch whoever that was ! ! ! fuckker i hope you get hit by a bus & survive to feel the pain . >>>>>> :( 
USERNAME talk to angie about when we're gonna hang out :c 
it feels like i haven't talked to my mom in days . when she's workin im sleep & when im workin she's sleep 😔 i kinda miss her . 
USERNAME i'd offer some of my pizza i ordered for myself alone , but i ate it all :( #gluttony #ohgodwhy 
USERNAME maxie ! i still woke up in the middle of the night last night ! :( 
poor puppy came in at 1120pm skinny , dirty&covered in poop :( . i had to give her a bath , i couldn't leave her sit all night like that </3 
USERNAME yess you do 😔 👌 haha sorry that didn't even sound like you 😳 i'm just trippin 😴 long dayy👋 
if i was 5 years younger and didn't work tomorrow i would be celebrating this a&m victory tonight . #fml 
all i was trying to do is bond with my sister & she just falling asleep . ): #thisisnotokay 
my mom needs to hurry up and come take care of my tattoo ! 😔 
i'm missing my baby brother's :-( i'm ready to see em . 
USERNAME believe it or not imy too ! ! :( 
USERNAME i know , it's ridiculous . 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i love you too <3 i just want everything to be okay :( 
its so weird now since justin and selena are not dating ): 
i forgot my dady bday pin on my jean jacket frm lastnight :( 
why does everyone decide to go to walmart when i'm here looking extra hurt .... 😞 #lol 
USERNAME - totally agree ! ! hope they reach a deal soon . :-( 
USERNAME get off twitter & hurry up ! :( i'm lonely lol 
wanted to go out with my zeta babies to celebrate my new roomie , but i'm too sick 😭 😢 
USERNAME damn 😏 ... i wish my school had a football team 😢 
saying "free USERNAME doesn't get them out of twitter jail faster . i know this for a fact . i've been there . 😔 
hotel chillin' #dtfsu minus alexa ): she's busy lol . USERNAME @ embassy suites hotel URL 
why the fuck is it like impossible to find good relationships ? #fml 
you know me better than i know myself . you have no reason to not believe me . 😞 
USERNAME omg this just reminded me of what i did on hunters birthday last year at your house :( omg wahh so sad 
i'm so tired but i still have so much to do ): 
USERNAME no ps ✗ si hzta rt le distes ps :c 
what's wrong with me , i watch baby prisilla all week and i miss her so much on the weekend ! ! 😔 #ilovebabies 
snape's memory is seriously one of the sadest things ! 😭 
and you could at least text me back . . hello i need you best friend . 💔 
the hell did i do ? ! 😭 😱 (x 
finally off . and home . and getting in bed . missing the nights i got to go to sleep listening to your voice :( #imissyouj . d . t 
USERNAME i miss you too . i'm not gonna be back til christmas :( 
i just want to sleep ... but it's too damn early 😞 
#confessionnight ive like one girl for a while & knowing she doesnt feel the same way back breaks my heary 💔 
soo who wants to dm me ? im bored ... okay no one ? that's fine ... not really :( 
shooting right across the street from me ? awesome ... 😨 😥 😕 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME no baby boy try 😭 😭 
jus can't believe i fall bac into the black pit but here i'm again broken heart with red eyes 😭 💔 
USERNAME i was just there yesterday :( i miss him ! ! ! ! i tried to call him :'( 
i'm sitting here listening to my world . i miss 2009. ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i need my drugs . 💊 i'm in so much pain again . 😣 
#confessionnight im actually a really good student but i just have no motivation to do anything anymore 😔 
sick on my stomach ... not feeling good . this sucks . :-( 
USERNAME lies lies ma i had many times 😔 i was thinking about you lol 
just got outta the shower had a long day of work the past couple days . abs even tomorrow :( bleg 
USERNAME ohh :( like an hr ago i thought i seen something ! :( and yeah ! i know ! but we always find something ! 
USERNAME my phone isn't letting me text back again :( i said i was going to bed early because i have to work tomorrow morning . 
USERNAME i wish ): i have work early tomorrow ): 
see i knew he was getting his pee pee wet from some other bitch ): 
omg why did no one tell me about this effing shoemint store ? ! i hate you all 😭 😭 😭 👠👡👢👟🎀👜👝👛💍💎 
USERNAME wish you were with me right now 😥 senior week memories goin thru my head right now 
USERNAME USERNAME such a great feeling ! have not gotten to do that in a long time :( 
USERNAME damn :( is his natural epilepsy or caused by scar tissue etc ? 
USERNAME i have a feeling your gona leave me :( 
missing my friends from home tonight :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
okay anne hathaway i am impressed at your les mis diet please gain some weight now :( 
USERNAME my wife might beat me if i go to bed 😭 😭 😭 save me 😳 
it made me sad seeing oomf so sadd and down 😔 
if i didn't have the parents who would flip the fuck out , i'd be tatted/pierced up . i guess in my other life ? 😪 😭 
USERNAME you're being really mean :( hang on a sec 
USERNAME if only i had a jet pack to get there in 5 minutes . 😞 😘 
i wanna punch a guy who treats a women like shit and she deserves everything > :( 
wishing for a cood one and 2k13 😔 and my brother ! 
everlast ~ what it's like (with lyrics ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( 
USERNAME show off . 😒 😔 . help a bro out ! 
stop being so busy alex ! ! ! ! ! ! ! </3 
i wish people wouldn't judge eachother so much 😞 why can't we just hate on something worth hating on 
my phones dying . idek where my charger is . #fml 
USERNAME new number you might not have it :c sowwies . 
its storming and there's no one to cuddle with ! :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME lol i'm not a baby :( and i'm about to go to bed though 
well thats it you gave up on us . were done . i cant believe i thought you would change ... you didnt at all . #single #depressed 
USERNAME i get annoyed easily ! ! oh and ... thanks for texting me back yesterday 😔 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME you assholes calling me fat and i have a beard ? 😭 
USERNAME my mac will only allow one apple id ... it'd lock you out 😔 
i'm up .... can't sleep ... thunders too loud :( .... now i really want a bed time story 
ehh mood swings :( i miss the late night conversations and rants with my best friends . :'( idk why i feel so sad tonight . -_- 
i'm mad i came home late and now she sleep err i hate being in bed and i did't say good nite or anything :( ( ! ! love u ! ! USERNAME 
haven't been happy in a while ugh fml forgot how being happy feels like #canthandlethis #fuckeveryone #ihatethis #anothernightalone #fml 
USERNAME wish i could give u one doe .. 😔 
snl without my oso tonight cause he has to work :( #itsourthingthough #misshimsomuch #mytime #wahh 
i coulda been nasty and put the actual meaning of that tweet but i gotta clean up my tweets ... :'( 
USERNAME no it has to be enough we are meant for each other 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME omg i miss you so muchh 😪 😭 😖 💔 
USERNAME you never text me carta .. 💔 #onlylike2times . 
why does this affect me so much . ? ): 
USERNAME aww damn 😔 i mean hell i'm not gambling away my money ! ! 
my mama fall aslp in mid sentence lmao 😭 😭 URL 
soon the #icarly gang are saying goodbye in 2 weeks , last episode of #icarly #igoodbye :( 
USERNAME louisville cardinals lose also for the first time :( 
USERNAME glad to hear that . won't be free till thanksgiving :( 
this is sad i'm really getting in my bed at this time on a saturday night 😞 
perfect weather to cuddle . but to bad my bestfriend isnt here . :( 
wish i could go back and change things ! ! :( i messed up ! 
it's hard to believe my doggie is dying 😢 😢 i wish i could afford to get him the medicine and chemo he needs . #makesmecry #imnotreadytosaybye 
why are you so negative 😭 rt USERNAME USERNAME yes but then they die and it's done ._. 
i wish the bears would have won tonight . 😔 
wish i had a girl that liked me :'( USERNAME 
#confessionnight i miss you , but i know you'll never be missing me cause you've moved on . 😢 
my night was okay , then USERNAME and USERNAME called and it was amazing , and now it's worse then before . wtf . #fml . 
really need multiple alarms to wake up so early ! ! ugh ! this should be illegal ! ! 😔 😖 😫😴 #sundays #work URL 
USERNAME my mom can drive a stick .... pretty much everyone in my family can , but me . #fail #fml #loser #outcast #automatictransmission 
USERNAME apparently .... you've forgotten all about your big sis . #sadtweet #imissyou 
USERNAME mines warm . and soft . and cute . but lonely ..... ): 
tôi vừa đi mua ip 5 về, mua đc rồi :( ( 
where's my boyfriend ? i need a cuddle buddy for tonight :( 
boo :( , i really thought i was getting a picture of you tonight USERNAME 
i wish i had a gentleman to take care of me wen i dnt feel gud or sick .. :( 
i can't even deal knowing that your mad at me ! ! ! ! 😪👎 💔 
USERNAME i mean , i heard na the cat's gone na :( (((( 
USERNAME i do know i'm sorry pumpkin goodnight :( ctfup 
i wish i was one of those pretty girls #sadtweet 
been making the same #wish for a while now . :/ #fml URL 
USERNAME forreall thats what i'm doing right now the girl i got down with pressed charges ima get arrested this week ): 
i miss my grandpa so much . hope everything is ok :( 
USERNAME USERNAME both of yous don't miss me though :( </3 
i don't have a dj for my sweet 16 😔 🔫 
i hate when i get hit with reality . imissyou big brother 💔 rip domingo 
USERNAME how about getting hit by a pitch ! 😣 😖 
you are the best thing to ever be mine ... oh wait a second . 😐 you're ... not .. mine . i forget 😭 😭 😭 😭 
the fact that USERNAME and USERNAME are leaving me soon for a whole week<<< 😞 😢 i have no life ! 
i would love to snapchat USERNAME back but i am just too tired .. #sorry :( 
don't front like that food wasn't good . #porkislife “USERNAME this is our last time coming here yo .. 😔 😏 USERNAME 
USERNAME aw 😔 it was that 🍫you ate ! ! i told you 😏 
i wish i was went to the #sbskpopsuperconcert today . :( 
why do i miss you so much right now 😔 
USERNAME that's what my left one started doing .. it was so gross ! but it's fine now ! i would cry if i had to take mine out hahaha 😭 
USERNAME you guys didn't invite me to your little at acheires :'( 
over having a life alone . #singlelifesucks ! 😔 guess ill snuggle with my baby girl . 
fuck my life ... like seriously ... i forgot my chipotle at work :( :( :( 
you pushed me far , you brought me to this ... you had my heart ❤ but then you blew it 😗 💨 💔 
nevermind now i am going to bed :( (((((( #ugh 
USERNAME well hopefully things get fixed ! i know how you feel , remember my horrid stories . 😞 👎 praying for you ! 
when every one is baked pigging out on $45 worth of burger king and i'm here sittin like , i'm on a diet . #fml 😐 🔫👌 
i miss my best friend USERNAME 💔 can we start keeping up with the kardashians again ? 
USERNAME your life hasn't even started yet you can't be like that 😭 
tina i missed you so much 😢 😘 😘 😘 
being able to speak to my brother honestly makes me so happy ! gosh , i love && miss that kid so much ! ! 😔 
i wish all my friends were turning 18 w/me in january 😥 
seriously never been so sick before . i want my mom 😭 
every tweet about snow makes me more and more depressed 😥 #iwantsnow ❄ 
if none of my followers add me on skype ima be one un happy camper . :c 
my lips are so chapped that they are burning . #ouch #fml 
💔 --- 💔 --- 💔 --- 💔 --- 💔 -- 💔 the cycle repeats itself all the time no matter what i do 
USERNAME ugh foreall me needs a cuddles right meow 😿 
bueno creo qe hazta mañana si esqe tengo redes :c 
USERNAME i'll have at least one more semester :( but you can also do biochem lab or advanced chemistry labs if you want . 
had bit of a break down tonight because if stress 😞 really hate not being able to control it at times 😞 hopefully this week gets better 😞 
USERNAME i hate when i can't retweet your stuff #pissesmeoff ! ! :( 
so close but at the same time soo distance :( 
USERNAME hey how did the surgery goo are you ok :( 
USERNAME i know 😔 but if i really try , anything is possible 😊 
i no longer wanna think about this ! god plz give me another thought ! ! ! ! ! 😢 😢 😢 
i miss USERNAME right now ! need to talk to someone and she's gone :( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 but but it's handguns ... you can't miss that . it's going to be the best show ever 
i just realized i didn't go to a rascal flatts concert this year 😢 😢 #sadtweet 
broke up wiff d . r . g . #sadtweet 
today is saturday , then bindings come in tues . so what like 3 days . well that's 3 days to many . :( 
not going to talk to her for a rew days :/ </3 
when your professor doesn't know how to read a calendar and says the final is friday november 11. #fml #umlproblems missed the final ! 😡 
why does the wrong girls anyways have me stuck on stupid ? ? ? 💔 💔 😢 
no french onion :( (@ chap's taproom & sports grill w/ USERNAME URL 
textin my bestie ! i swear he's the best ! i miss my carlton :( 
USERNAME aw shit i just made plans with josue already :( whose all going ? ? ? 
this busted phone is starting to piss me off . straining to see what i'm doing is giving me a headache :( 
not going to talk to her for a few days :/ </3 
USERNAME #sadday ! ! ! and yess (= most definitely ! ! 
i know . :( but tomorrow morning if you come then we can go to the store and get or s'mores ;) kbaaby ? 
whatta shitty night . glad i came home with 7 welts . #justkiddin #nothappy 😞 
i wanna cuddle my dogs down but they are too big :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry . :( i just told all of twitter .  
USERNAME i'll drink that too , but i won't mix . :( i'll get sick 
USERNAME that was an hour ago . i can't fall asleep . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME no u were involved from the beginning . can this just end . now i got beef with u :( 
i don't even want to imagine how much hate selena is getting rn . my baby </3 & haters wonder why she's never online . 
USERNAME for real though ! except i have to wait three hours before you even get there 😔 but hopefully we have a different coordinator 👍 
i wish #oomf would quit hurting my feelings ... :'( 
aww , just looked through so many old pictures . no matter where i stand with some people now , we had some good fucking times 😊 😥 
USERNAME as soon as he spells it right lmao . it's mohamed </3 smh 
USERNAME aww :( i'm always here for you girl , no matter what . love you little sister <3 
texting #oomf is really bring back memories ugh 😔 😔 😔 
didn't want to get attached because i'm leaving but its to damn late .. i still haven't told oomf i'm leaving it's to hard 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 
USERNAME you should have . ! ! i missed you . ! ): 
this is when the feeling sinks in--i don't want to miss you like this . come back , be here . 💔 😔 
being sick is so annoying 😣 😞 😒 😷 😡 😥 😢 
maybe i wont have a high flashy life , but if im comfortable with my life style & my partner next to me , i think ill be good ❤ 😭 
USERNAME nope i'm moving to palm springs 11/22 :-( but my ducks will be there ! 
USERNAME you said that you accepted me for who i am :( 
USERNAME :( (( maybe it'll be fine ! now i'm scared to get mine 
USERNAME USERNAME let's face it brandon , it's because she hates us . 💔 
USERNAME you should be out ! ! now who's going to understand my dress code .. :( 
watching bones .... a little freaked out considering its pitch black and i'm alone 😣 😣 😣 
USERNAME i don't know i was too pissed after getting cut in line 4 times to ask questions > :( they've officially lost my business ! haha 
. awwh reading that reminded me of my mom 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i always wonder what christian grey looks like .... then i remember he's not real 😒 😭 
when u picture something in ur mind that u wish u could have :( #sad 
USERNAME too bad i'm too much of a white girl .. :( tanner can twerk better than me ! ! 
USERNAME i know i used to always snapshot things now i cant 😢 
USERNAME aww :( you for sure missed out it was awesome ! 
i bought a lot of stuff at the mall because icel didn't take care of my money :( 
rip augie , wish i could cuddle up to you tonight :( 
USERNAME lies . but i am really sorry i miss you . :( 
holy crap . just heard a gunshot that sounded like it was in front of the house 😳 😦 😧 😮 😨 
USERNAME not anymore ): i recently bought a new phone . 
USERNAME exactly ! and even 26 i feel is too old ! ): 
none of my friends came to visit me in the hospital 😭 💔 😔 🔫 
i always put myself in these situations ... sigh .. </3 
USERNAME i kno its t . w . i . t.t . e . r 
sounds like i'm male bashing tonight ! ! i sound so #bitchy :( i guess i'm just wanting to catch up on #dwts that's all ! 
but i don't wanna go to the gym #sad 😭 
that moment when you really regret pressing send .. #fml #imstupid 
USERNAME hoolldd up ... now i can't retweet your wise words . 😔 👎👎 
there is no baseball . :( (@ wrigley field) URL 
this single shit i must admit i'm tired of it 😒 😔 😖 
getting on a plane when you have food poisoning . bad idea . bad . idea . #fml 
i just had to look at that damn picture 😔 #justwheniveforgottenaboutit 
finna hit up dat jimmy johns before i have to go to north . on a sunday . 😭 
USERNAME if i had to work more than 5 hours today i would be saying the same thing . yucky long days :( 
USERNAME can i ask why you never tweet me back . you hate me :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME i know ! ! ! ! we're at a club right now with all the other marines & their dates ! it's fun but we gta go at 11 ! :( 
awh , i hate this part . #sosad #thelastsong 😔 
USERNAME no .. it starts the 1st :( (i'm stupid) but why did it say it started the 18th ? hmm .. 
why is the weekend pretty much gone already ? :( 
USERNAME i miss you , and the way you'd rub my baby belly and tell me that you always had my back . ): 
*sarcastic* woo hoo ! ! ! the bulls got 3 whole sogs that 2nd period for a game total of 4 ! ! ontario has 32 sogs in comparison ! smh . :( 
i do want somebody i can call my own tho :/ #sadtweet #dailythought 
USERNAME yeah i need to stop thinking i am superwoman sometimes :( lol this is gna be rough ride back to sa ! :/ love u too ! 
dear neighbor , turn down your stupid old rap music .. i am trying to watch the last song and your bass is annoying af . 😒 😞 #ruinmychillnight 
i know jame and alanna have to be as tired as me right now ! 😣 😴😴 
USERNAME i am the bad guy every night :( ((( 
sorry #oomf . i tried :( guess shit just doesnt work . ah well . im going to bed . peace out twitter bitches . 
some of my followers are so darn cute it's just like damn .. why can't i know you ? #sadtweet 
well what was supposed to be an exciting day turned into a sucky day #sadtweet 
USERNAME taa uhhusdushdshdhus pode deixar , quero ver ela logo :( ((( 
the puppy is crying in her crate therefore hurting my heart :( #toughlove 
#confessionnight i don't need a boyfriend , but i definitely want one . it feels like all of my friends have one except me . 😭 
USERNAME on the same boat , i regret the mcdonalds and halloween candy . feel sick . :( . hope you're well . 
USERNAME yeah it's not really the same and not as funny 😔 😔 
i'm so sad that i'll be in class for the illini basketball game on monday :( #sadillini 
talagang isiniksik na parang sardinas ang lahat ng talents sa isang segment ... :( 
#confessionnight i really want to believe that the message in applies to me , but i dont :( 
USERNAME USERNAME yea i felt so bad for her :( 
that breaks my heart . i don't even know what i did for it to be so bad , but i'm sorry . 💔 😔 
so i'm mad USERNAME and USERNAME got fucked up and didnt go to the strip club with me :( 
USERNAME i feel so left out :( im heart broken :( 
USERNAME wish you were here to snuggle with me :( 
just realized i haven't went out to eat with USERNAME in forever . :( #missyou 
i'm so sad that i'm sick on game day :( (( 
USERNAME baby ! ? what baby ! ? hahahaha aye bad joke miss you too baby [ :( ] [ :( ] 
where is baby when i need a back rub .. ? :( 
USERNAME ur a bitch 😔 i wanna see him so badly 
why is the temperature in my room so low 😿 ❄ 
#confessionnight i want summer back i miss all the people i met and they ignore me now 😔 
my hair is too short for me 😭 no more stripper repunztel 
USERNAME no its not :'( lol i feel so dumb . 
my periods coming soon ... i can feel the cramps coming #fml 
everybody eating burger king and mcdonals while im sitting at home eating some dry ass waffles :( 
i don't pay as much attention to drive thru because its dreadful , but none of them walk in . 😣 
i swear i'm never gunna see USERNAME again :( ( 
USERNAME aww look at you guys ! i miss you so much :( 
USERNAME oh so im stupid now ... cool ! :( 
all i want is for my boy to get over here ! :( USERNAME 
USERNAME aikk ? knp mesti awie ? kay , awie jeer yg kene . semua awie yg salahh . takde yg betul pon . :( 
ya no se si fue buena idea tener su locion , me recuerda a el pero me hace extranarlo mas # :( 
USERNAME he can't ! ! come overr i wanna see my big sis & my cuzzo & hente :( ( 
USERNAME aww 😔 dr . john need to come heal you lol but i really hope you get better soon .🙏 
#confessionnight i have the hugest fear of the boys dying while i'm sleeping so i don't really sleep that good ): 
i can't believe i had to stay in the hospital instead of going to my babygirl arlene's 15 😘 💔 😔 🙏 
ohh shit the boys is out here 🚓🚔🚨 😧 😁 
i want my baby next to me ! ): she's being mean ! ): 
USERNAME aww rats ! :( darn volleyball . i can't see ya then .. 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm not sure i can :/ i have a 5 page paper i need to write :( 
USERNAME :( ((( r . i . p . cass high's greatest hipster 
i want it to b an us 😒 😔 🙏 
never can watch this part of the last song ... i squall like a baby 😭 
USERNAME lol i'm sorry ! :( just wasnt feeling it tonight ! 
watching chick flicks while USERNAME is in another state and can't comfort me <<<< 💔 😭 
this part in the last song makes me so sad ): 
wish i was drinking with the boys 😢 USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME not yet 😔 i could if i did behind the wheel 
going to sleep with a heavy heart <<< absolutely anything else 💔 
#confessionnight i sleep with a shark stuffed animal . it was the last stuffed animal i won on the seaside boardwalk 💔 😭 😭 😭 
i've been lying in bed since 10:15 ... am i seriously the only one who doesn't have a life on a saturday night ? 😞 #pathetic 
as i sit here restraining myself the only one i want to text is you .. 😔 
nononononono . i did not just find your senior pictures . ): this hurt is not fair . why am i not over you ? 
so sad i didn't see you at phoenix :( hope all is well 
i wanna cuddle with my blankie so bad but i can't 😔 
nerede o eski asklar simdi: kerem kupeli , asli , supheli :( 
brad pitt looking bored running from cgi zombies( ? ): the movie 2000 
not looking forward to this shitty week . 😔 #depressed 
USERNAME i wish i would be but i'm back on pain medicine :( such good times with the duckies 
the whole back is completely trashed 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i'm broke now that i bought a ticket to edinboro .. 😔 😢 
#confessionnight i'm spoiled and take my parents love for granted at times 😣 
selena and justin broke up :( they were USERNAME and my celebrity couple 
USERNAME didn't wish me a happy bday last saturday :/ #heowesmeavideo :( 
sleeping pill and a glass of wine . goodnight :'( 
my eye is so freaky looking :( i look like i’m someone from the x men series 
watching the last song was a bad idea , before bed 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i miss you :( we gotta hang out soon bestie ... 
no toaster :( i had to put it in the microwave 
#collegekidprobs #tests 😨 ➡ 😰 ➡ 😱 ➡😩➡😬➡😤➡ 😢 ➡ 😭 ➡ 😲 ➡💩 USERNAME 
idk i love that picture of nnenna okay she's just so beautiful 😭 
my cousin USERNAME just forgot about my ass smh some damn cousin 😔 😞 
nadia is knocked out . i need someone to talk to ): 
USERNAME i didn't even get an invite tho 😭 & olga's would have made everything better 
why won't nate love me and come into the other room and get me the blanket ! :( #crying USERNAME 
i can't remember the last time i was to full to eat anything 😣 i can't even finish my pizza and salad 
holly has no phone :( she's fine though . no worries 
my hair is way too short for me . no more stripper rapunzel hair . 😭 😭 😭 💇 
could things get any worse for me ! ! please pray for my mom :'( 
USERNAME me and becca are sitting here watching movies . too bad we can't be cool like everyone else :( 
hi i want cute boys to text all night . 😔 
i jus wanna close my eyes n fall asleep >>>>but i can't :( 
i need to start tweetin' more like i used to . :( i'm loosing followers by not tweetin' like that 
USERNAME omg that's so horrible of me i just give the worst advice i'm sorry 😭 
that moment when u just realize u let a person go to ealy and now its to late ... i should have fought for her :'( 
USERNAME i can't :( capstone project due tuesday :( wah 
we text 24/7, but when we meet , it's so awkward ♥ ☹ 
the rest of the last song >>><<<< #sosad 😪 😭 
i can't watch the last song anymore without bawling .. #dad #lungcancer #sadtweet 
#confessionnight USERNAME is perfect but doesn't live in houston and divorced me on facebook :c 
seems like everyone's at the game tonight . .... but i'm filipino too :( 
three shots of espresso lmao .. what was i thinking ? #cantsleep ... :( 
ill be laying in my blanket all night✌ 😢 URL 
and this is when i change the channel from the last song because its too sad now 😩 😭 
USERNAME boo :( i miss you ! we need to do something soon babes 
USERNAME i hate to say it ..... i don't think we need del rio ! :( 
when you get up and step on ur sisters toy -_- #fml 
USERNAME didnt you die before mine ? 😖 because halloween was a while ago & you took the s off eddie ( my turtle ) died yesterday ! 😭 
i gatta work 8 to 8 one day next week #fml 
i had the worst dream last nite i transferred to #gramfam <<<<<<<< 😨 😨 😱 😱 😱 😱 😢 😢 😢 
i thought i was going to see USERNAME & USERNAME today 😔 
i've never gotten any flowers from anyone ever 😔 #lonertweet 
just got home from work . a nigga tired , working all day tomorrow :( 
no really though , someone come stay in with me :( 
oh my goodness 😱 this is what i have ! 😞 URL 
USERNAME i'm dying to get them but my stupid ass medical wont cover it #fml 
having a difficult time deciding on if i want to go to college for dance or fashion 😰 😭 
i swallowed the top ball of my tongue ring when i was eating dinner-__- that was my favorite tongue ring :( 
USERNAME USERNAME bro i work 12-10 😔 fuck ! ! jose i told you about this bbq going in tonight yesterday tho 
when girls flirt/try to steal you from me . <<<<<<< 😭 
i for real don't wanna be a titty but my knee is jacked up right now 😢 
USERNAME lol i hate when that happens , you get excited then see its a fake then everything it ruined :c 
USERNAME :( my man is not american . wahh he loves it . it's awful 
i never expected to be this mad at u :( 
all these injuries are making me sick to my tummy :( #goducks 
USERNAME aww , i want to play 😔 😔 😔 
i promise myself i wouldn't cry watching this #itsokaykelly #stopcrying 😭 😪 😥 😰 😢 
i miss my best friends . wishing any and all of them were with mr 😥 
USERNAME should come to my house i miss her :'( alot ... 
i wish #oomf would quit hurting my feelings ... :'( rt 
he looks like he's been crying .. my heart just dropped . i want to hug him . :( URL 
#mihumorestannegroque rapea <~ sean originales please todos los q vienen d facebook esto ha estado siglos por aquí 😔 
i cried more than when denny died during the most recent #greys ... mr . feeny ! 😭 
USERNAME just got off work :( how have you been ? ? ? ! ! 
i should have just stayed home tonight . tired and bothered . #sadtweet 
yoo . someone come dance bachata with me man :( </3 
ugh , the last song gets me every time #waterworks 😭 😭 😭 😭 
oh god . this thursday its dolphins vs bills . we were supposed to stay in and watch that together . v.v 
USERNAME it teaches you that being a sweet and good person gets you places and it doesn't > :( 
my headphones fell behind my bed tho .. no shot i'll b seeing them 😞 
USERNAME did you find the charger to your phone ? :c 
so pissed i didn't get tickets for the #kelloggstour 😭 😭 😭 😭 
#peopleimissinmylife USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ... miss old times a lot .. 😔 
why do i always end up hurt and feeling this way ..... i wanna go to bed happy ...... just for fucking once man :( 
why am i awake💁 i have no one to talk to 😔 
omg ! i wish you were with us rightt noww ! ! ! :( USERNAME 
i need to tell gigi something od important… and she might get sad . :c 
the last song breaks my heart every time 💔 😢 
i finally get to dance bachata ! ! ! but no #dancepartner #fml 
oh how i love getting out of work at midnight 😔 #sarcastictweet #tired #goinghometosleep 
how come i can't download any illegal music on my phone ... :( #thereasonstheiphonesucks 
someone needs to call me asap i can't stop crying 😭 😭 💔 
damn , tomorrow is sunday . i gotta wash my hair 😔 
ugh i hate my life u every may the choice that we where perfect together need to died ugh fml 💔 😭 
USERNAME well you see , i don't have a car :/ so i can't get a job downtown :( 
coulda been my baby , my boyfriend . but .. ✌ 💔 🙅 
in paso robles , where everyone is talking about how distraught and heartbroken they are that romney lost . i feel as if i'm in the south . 😢 
never can watch the part of the last song where he's starting to die . i squall like a baby 😭 
if you really knew me you would know that… 😔 
omfg , i wish i was at big bang's concert a couple days ago in new jersey . so sad . :'( 
when my cousin USERNAME can't even tweet back at me :( 
USERNAME i love your new defualt btw ! ! ! your growing on me :( (( 
USERNAME same my mom isnt home from work yet i was making dinner and watching hercules :( ( i hate the dark 
the last song makes me cry every time :( (( 
USERNAME awh :( ill see what they want to do . wanna see you too love <3 3 
crying like a little bitch because of the last song 😭 😢 😩 
thinking about overdosing and not thinking twice bout it 💔 💔 😭 
wish USERNAME texted me back . 2 months of nothing .. :( 
USERNAME haha amen to that ! ! ! it is terrible :( 
feeling really bloated after eating taco bell . it's so bad i don't want to do anything but lay down 😣 😭 
USERNAME guys i wasn't actually trying ! lol i swear :'( 
god the last song makes me cry historically every gd time 😥 
USERNAME my dad calls me like 3 times a day 😑 but i miss my momma . 😭 😭 😭 😭 and prolly not 😱 
since my macbook pro died , i have to revert to my crappy windows laptop for work . #fml 
USERNAME oh man , that sounds pretty good . damn you ! :c 
you have no idea how painful it is to only see football and basketball highlights on tv . it sickens me 😣 
USERNAME 😣 omg remember ! ! ! i need to know noww 
bad kidneys = me in a crazy amount of pain at the moment ! ! good night 😞 
i hate gossip girl so much ! ! ! ! i just want chuck & blair to be together forever ! ! ! 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 
honestly i could not be any more obvious if i was wearing a sign on my head . are you really that stupid ? 😞 
i thought seeing you today would be my closure and i'd be able to move on with my life , but it just did the opposite 😥 
USERNAME not on purpose ! everytime i went to put your name in would only do _k :( 
i miss my sissy more than words can explain </3 
i would've been going to that concert today :'( fml 
noo omg ..... i'm speechless after that episode 😧 😕 
sorry for all my spam messages .. i am fixing the problem sorry :( :( i got hacked 
i want a half sleeve so bad :( decisions decisions 
i want maura to get a twitter 😔 #myonlywishthisyear 🎄🎅🎁 
is missin wat we had out of the question ? i'm probably the reason that you learned your lesson 😥 
missing my ellie baby on nights like these . she was awesome at listening to me rant & cuddling with me ! 💔 
USERNAME i don't txt first and we both exclusive lols when we . ge t.t his show on . the road lols 
USERNAME same her all day like a loser the only interestin gthing for me <3 :( ( sad i know haha 
USERNAME i wish that picture of your hair wasn't real :( 
this movie still makes me bawl like a baby 😭 
remembering the first time i named her and got her :( 
last weekend USERNAME in vegas this weekend local pub . missin my USERNAME for sure :( 
USERNAME wow , off all people ... i wasn't one of them .... 😭 
turn on the end of the last song 😢 oh why yes of course i wanted to cry tonight #not 
i'm bewildered by the lack of judgment in the decisions that i've made and that have lead me to this point . quite disappointed . #sadtweet 
hannibal would have been infinitely better if jodie foster had agreed to be in it . it still bums me out that it has to be julianne moore > :( 
USERNAME i know i know . 😭 i can't see your snapchat . it won't let me open it 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
ive got all the symptoms of a girl with a broken heart 😔 . . . 
tonight is one of those nights . 😳 catching up on homework that i've been putting off for the past 3 nights 😭 😐 👊 
USERNAME today was the only day i'm off && your nt dwn :-( ( 
i would text you but i dont know where my phones at this very moment .__. 💔 
like the diamonds he bought me cash he blow long talk till the early morning drivin down miller creek rd be fallen asleep in your lap 💔 
peewee said he's gonna tell my dad . :( yikes . 
USERNAME i took my meds again and they're not working 😭 😩😫 
either my phone isn't receiving any incoming texts and calls , or i'm being ignored by a few key people . it's freaking me out . :( 
the last song is making me try :( # toosad 
damn she ignored that part of the text message :( 
coming down with a fever and some sickness . had to come home early ! :( (@ park hill) URL 
my knee hurts so bad , i can't even bend my leg . :( 
i just want someone to love me :( omg i am crying so much what am i going to do w myself 
sitting on the floor listening to my mom cry and puke . not a fun time #mindblown #fml #bejealous 
too answer my own question , yes the movie knock knock 2 is extremely scary ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
when your drunk and you listen to drake wah :( 
USERNAME i miss you too :( we all needa hangout one weekend . 
#confessionnight i pulled out a baby tooth , and it never grew back .. now there is a gap , and i'm very insecure about it . 😔 
USERNAME yeah , if they still sit together then it means those news are rumours .... so ... dunno leh ,,, hope for the best :( 
i hate the cold , i get bad cramps :( 
this song i just posted is about a time when u did something wrong & u feel bad about it , u want to go back in time 2 fix it , but u can't :'( 
best episode of the office ? when michael and holly get engaged and he leaves #sadtho 😭 👍 😭 😭 
linda ready to get back to ranger tomorrow , missing everyone .. 😢 
USERNAME ... working :( i will arrive shortly after midnight , to complete the convergence . i bringin' mah big flask tonight baby . 
im officially not texting #oomf they make me mad :( 
i haven't been home all semester 😭 😭 😩😩😩 😭 😭 
views from my apartment (keep in mind it’s 18 floors up , so the scale’s much larger than it appears ): URL 
i really hate havin a cold .. ughh 😣 😩😪😷 
USERNAME USERNAME porque sei la , eu quero falar com voces :( 
don't give up grandpa .... it's not time .... 😔 
#confesionnight i miss my ex bf but he thinks i'm ugly and annoying . i think about him everyday because i can't let go . </3 
USERNAME but you are and yes i am 😷 😢 
i'm so happy with my life and also very glad that i'm graduating grade 12 from waterford district high school this year ; ): ) 
i want someone to knock me out so i can just stop feeling sick lol #cantsleep #mono #fml 
USERNAME fmll 😭 library all day tomorrow i'm screwed i have so much to doo 
kinda ready to get back to ranger tomorrow , missing everyone 😢 
USERNAME i know i know but still ): if you need to talk anytime , im here for you , love <3 
i feel so sad when my little brother brandon won't give me kisses or hold my hand in public 😔 merr 
i get so moody and i yell at people i shouldn't've say things i don't mean . now i feel like crap for it . im sorry . :( USERNAME 
some girls that admitt you were a rebound <<<<< #fml 
halo 4 ? ! ? ! ? 😭 😭 😭 😩😫😩😩 😖 😖 
USERNAME i missa this bitch soo much ! 😞 😞 😞 
it still hurt to see him , especially when he dances with another girl 💔 😩 
it would be pleasant if i could snap my fingers and my room would magically rearrange itself ! 😣 
so tired and still have packing and laundry to do . ughh 😭 😭 😭 😭 
lol my birthday in five fucking months . that's so gay . 😭 😭 😭 
i don't need a friend , i need a therapist . 😔 
i hate when i drink i have to pee alot ): 
i am getting kinda tipsy lol jk its saturday ugh nuthin to doo :( 
USERNAME i come to ali's house ... ali's not there 😢 
USERNAME lol well i need to find out whats wrong anyway cuz it's starting to hurt bad :( it's okk tho ! 
the girl i had all my classes with last year . the girl i shared words with . yes . i miss how close we use to be too USERNAME </3 
USERNAME i feel down please send it to me 😥 😥 😥 😥 
man i swear USERNAME dnt talk to me anymore :( (. & i'm coming that way in bout 2 months 
USERNAME is in arlington ... right by my apartments ... and i'm not there :( (( 
i cant sleep & i don't have any one to talk to :( hmph ! 
i'm not afraid of falling , i'm afraid you're not going to be there to pick me up ... 😔 
i hella miss & love my 'buds ! ! ! USERNAME 😭 😭 
USERNAME i feel so out of the xbox convo lol :( 
medal of honor warfighter ? ! ? 😭 😭 😩😫😩 😖 😖 😫 😭 😭 😩 😖 😫 
i wann go to the fair :c or somewhere i'm home alone<//3 
USERNAME i kno :( we were so busy all day i wanted to quit ! 
USERNAME fui a USERNAME con el motivo de verte and you werent there so sad :( rt plz 
ladies and gentlemen , what’s wrong with society . rt USERNAME damn house explosion ruining saturday night live . :( #notahappycamper 
windy ! ! ! ! :( ugh why do i always move to windy places ! ? ! 
tripped over a dumb flower pot , out in the middle of nowhere and ate shit ... tore a hole in my miss mes :( URL 
USERNAME ima be in fort lauderdale though and only till mon :( 
USERNAME lol what's worse is you're the second person to send me this :( 
i let you in . you played it , you beat it , and you broke it . somehow , i still loved you and didn't care . that's what loving you did . 😔 
it's a tough one , because i can't see myself doing one and not the other 😭 
where's my him ? .... oh yea i don't have one 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME you guys are lucky you can still look pretty with a messy bun though ): 
looking for apartments is soo frustrating &stressful ! ! ! :c 
my bad . i think its jennifer hudson not jennifer lawrence :( 
USERNAME ill be at work :( when do you work after that ? 
</3 not talking too nobody for the rest of the night and tomorrow 
so chely totally pinched my arm hella hard today cause her bf was on the ground .. it left a mark :'( 
kinda sad we didn't get to go to the marine ball this year 😔 
USERNAME i'm drinking for recording purposes but , no camera man ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i know babe , me too .. i think i'm defective , that's why no one's interested . ): 
i have never felt this sick and this bad and weak in my life and i have been sick a lot ... 😭 😫 
USERNAME you're so hurtful ! </3 but i like your nails though ;) 
USERNAME me too this is the worst time to procrastinate cause we're getting closer to the end of the semester 😭 😭 😭 
had a good day with my baby until now :( 
#ihavetoconfess but i miss my sister abii so much when she left i fell like she took a part of me w/her she was my rod 😔 
i feel bad i missed ma baby cousin trellay birthday party today , stupid wrk :( 
i lost the battle . officially have to take my bike back to campus tomorrow and start using it . :( 
i always regret getting a hair cut 😔 6 inches is waay to much . 
i think disney channel sucks dick now a days 😞 😞 😞 
i need a close guy friend ._. USERNAME wanna be a taker ? :c 
USERNAME life is sucking so that's what i'm feeling </3 
USERNAME humm…i guess i'm jot i . your contacts 😭 😭 
sometimes i wish i could just start my whole life over and not do some of the things that ive done in my life .... #regrets #fuckmylife . 
i should of used a purple heart for hannah's birthday tweet ! 😔 💜 
USERNAME i know ! like why him ! ? why does it always have to be the good people ! ? 😪 😥 
when you find out the guy you have the biggest crush on has a girlfriend 😭 😭 😭 
from the looks of it those people in that house are not living ... 😞 
just remembered why i never watched again . i can't control my emotions 😭 
USERNAME sounds like you need your own hungry child commercial 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME assholes :( ( i'm bored and phone less ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME *worked*, sorry , home in san diego for the night :( 
watching the last song for the first time ! 💜 😢 
USERNAME i had no idea . if i had the space i'd adopt them all :( my dog is 16, by far the best friend i've ever had ! 
really though , my glasses are long gone so now happy birthday to me i get to buy new ones 🎉 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i need the picture i feel depressed 😥 😥 😥 
i miss him soo much ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( 
finally a good song plays so i dance ... it changes . :( 
just when target has a comercial for #onedirection 's new album and they censor . :( that's the best part ! ! ! 
i miss hockey so much :( it's not fall/winter until i get the nhl back 💙 💛 
USERNAME so sad didnt see you this year ! :( feel better ! ! 
USERNAME :( i'm sorry i hope you get happier . ! ! 
she too busy giving blue balls ... lmao 😭 😭 
but then when i saw oomf earlier today i melted -_- why ? :( 
i try soo hard not too be another single mother in joliet i swear i do :( 
ugh matt's favoriting my tweets but not replying #notcool #thoughtwehadsomething :( 
i love how every time i try to do or say something nice it always ends up either pissing someone off or making things worse . #whatisthis 😔 
USERNAME i can't even get you to notice me :( 
being at the hospital tonight and hearing annisha in pain sucked . 😔 i'm scared now . 😳 
wanting to be with him but knowing that he doesn't care . </3 :'( 
USERNAME until you're packing everything you own to move far away 😔 😳 then it's no fun 
i've been left behind too many times to count 😥 URL 
my stomach hasn't hurt like this in a lonng time . :( ( this shit almost has me in tears . 
we are 2 miles from the explosion . praying no one was in that home :( very scary tonight on the southside . 
i have the best friend in the entire world USERNAME always mending my broken hearts 💔 
USERNAME no .. but my tooth has been hurting all night and i'm about to cry :'( 
rt USERNAME praying so hard for everyone . i can't even imagine 🙏 😢 
USERNAME leavee mee alonee ! ! ! ! ! :( #whydoyouhateme 
on top of my surgery and my physical pain . i'm hurting even more 😔 
i beat iblix and mapam . i lost to esam and 4god . welp 17th is horrible :( pj fighting denti now too . 
USERNAME um thanks for the invite ...... i see how it is #thoughtwewerefriends :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME i don't get why you guys tag each other in my tweets :( 
why fall in love , when you can walk into moving traffic and get the same results </3 
my shoulder is hurting so bad i think i could cry ! ! ! ! 😢 #whatamigoingtodo 
USERNAME ill try 😔 oh my gosh . he's gonna be so cute , i just wanna hold him 💜 
i know USERNAME is trying to seem happy for all of us , but we can tell by his eyes the truth ): 
mom won't let me watch across the universe .. :( cause i sing along too much 
USERNAME i cant :( i cant miss anymore class :( 
USERNAME they're just so cheesy and crunchy and gross ! ! 😭 
😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 rt USERNAME i hate when bitches do that kissy face dique 
aww it looks like he's been crying in that picture :( 
😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 . it's saturday & i'm not turnt up yet 
how in the world am i supposed to talk to people in this bar when i have no voice . 😔 
USERNAME so bummed i won't be there to present . i'll be under the knife when my friend USERNAME gets elem #physed teacher of the year :( 
tarry dumbb ! just cause a nigga don't pick up dint mean he in jail 😭 😭 #byee 
none stop crying because of the last song 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i wish i had the guts to say how i really feel but for some reason i'm scared to death to do so . #confused 😞 well goodnight i guess 
i'm so glad my mom lifted my grounding ... kinda , sorta , maybe 😞 
USERNAME ugh i can't ): saving some for kateland and junior and me a lot going on in the house 
i always go to sleep either angry or upset .. 😞 
i am seriously hella tired . 11 hour shift ain't the business . 😔 😥 😵 
USERNAME :( this doesn't make me happy . you're an amazing person inside & out #honesttweet 
USERNAME but she makes me work alot 😞 i think it's her way of seein me bend over 😉 
going to the mall and not getting anything <<<<< :c 
justin look so sad on his last photo on insta :( 
USERNAME that's fine . ill be here for another 4 hours 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME bajo el manto de la noche te alucino :( 
almost just died 😧 literallyy got chased down by a car full of angry boys out to kill ... love USERNAME thoo ❤ 
never take your friends for granted , i personally know how that feels 😔 #notgoodenough #used 
headache .. and i still need to study 😩 😢 #sharkweek 
authers christmas with baby e & USERNAME wish USERNAME was here to watch #miss my sissa :( 
how me & my bestfriend are slowly drifting away < 😢 
my lips are so chapped and i have no chap stick 😭 
r . i . p to babes phone 😔 . 
USERNAME how do you know all this ? 😳 😭 
i had a great time at art house , too bad i had to leave early due to catching the last train from grove street . :( URL 
cryin my eyes out watching the last song right now 😢 
sleepies . problem is i go to sleep now & i'll still be up at 5am :( 
USERNAME quite terrible :( its been like this forever i can't wait for december ! ! ! URL 
USERNAME i loved you on the voice . so sad to see you go 😢 hope you keep making music . you're amazing ! 
lol she made my night funny as hell gnight twitter world gotta wake up early in the morning and hoop🏀 i'm sorry for passing the ball every1 😔 
2 movies just made me cry what is going on ! ! #sad #depressing #girlproblems 
USERNAME dude , i missed family guy tonight . #fml 
USERNAME ok and you just shut up :'( why did yu have to go there . that was horrible .-_- 
forgot how much of a tear jerker the last song was 😢 
all i want is for you to care about me like i care for you 😔 
USERNAME i haven't seen you in forever ! ! ! ! ! # :( 
i feel like such a baby when i watch this movie 😭 😭 😭 #thelastsong 
10 pages of study guide to finish by tonite :( sucks 
USERNAME i wanna be at least 1/5 from you :( 
how much i've talked to USERNAME today ... <<<<< :( #notahappycamper 
USERNAME i just got my nails done 😭 but i would love too see you text me a day that you're free ! 
my mom wanted knw how i can with a back and body pillow and all my stuffed hello kitty's in one bed , i said you try sleeping with a 💔 gn💤 
was just remembering my high school graduation and grad night at disneyland ! ahh good times 😢 
matthew mcconakitty ? ? ? USERNAME you slay me . i want to adopt them all . and i can't . :( URL 
you know even though i'm not your favorite person in the world you could've at least said sorry . 😞 😔 
why do ppl keep telling me horrible stuff about you ? ! :( ( 
it's a slow song tho . #prevtweet no one to dance with .. 😔 
USERNAME i'm sorry i take it back ! ! ! sorry ! ! ! here's some extra pizza and wings ... i was hiding it :( 
goodnight chaco ! i love you & miss seeing you . :( even if you are goofy ! URL 
good fucking night . too bad it had to end :( 
USERNAME not going to lie movie made me cry a little lol 😢 
USERNAME okay ! i burned myself taking them out of the oven .. #isuck #hopeless 👎🔥💥 😭 
when you see a girl with a nice body & she turn around & she ugly . 😭 😭 #swerve 
when everyone in my house is asleep by 8 and i'm all alone << 😔 
#confessionnight i feel like i let down my whole family 😢 
hate bein stuck in the house . tryin to get out ! :( 
holy moly it's storming bad 😱 someone come save me #alone #noroomies 😢 
USERNAME my arms , my legs , my stomach pretty much everything :( 
USERNAME omg ! i did that too over the summer 😣 i seriously wanted to cry lol 
the feeling i get when i wake up in your not there 😣 😨 😩 😥 
USERNAME i'm sorry .... we could've been watching sinister :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME haha dude i miss you . we live just as close now as we did in high school and i never see you :( 
why do i watch the last song ? 😭 😰 💔 #depressed USERNAME 
#confessionnight i'm completely in love with you and idk if ill ever have the courage to tell you 😪 💔 
i wish i could've gone out with the team ! :( 
worked 11 hours today ! !my feets are hurting alot :( #supertired 
USERNAME cause i can't see for shit , my mom accidentally ordered a year supply of contacts but in hazel . and now my glasses are broke 😔 
i'm such a let down to everyone . i feel like giving up all the time 😔 
to cry like a baby every single time i watch this movie ! #damn #couldntloseaparent 💔 
missing my boyfriend while he's in nashville working ! :( #ugh #readyforhimtobeback 
#tennis . sobering news . vera zvonareva is ranked #98 :( 
USERNAME i just remembered i have tons of math & my argumentative paper to write , take my mom to the docs & help you w/ math ! so :-( 
USERNAME i be texting you , never get reply 😔 
USERNAME i found it ! omg no , they're perfect . 😭 😭 😭 
fianna go get n da tub ... bodii still n pain .. ugh ... ! ! ! :( 
cold new york :( (@ john f . kennedy international airport (jfk) w/ 30 others) URL 
my hand hurts . i shot myself in the hand . someone come help me ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME igotta b bck at 6:45am 😔 . cnt wait til tomorr night 
looking at the elections of 1980 and 1984…the entire map was red , california was red…oh reagan :( 
your pathetic life in emojis ----> 👶👨 💔 😖 🐷🐽🐮🐗🐘🐋🐳🐄🐀🐖🐁🔐🔫🔪💊💉🚬💰💰💰💰💰💰💰🍼🍕🍔🍟🍗🍖🍝🍛🍤🍞🍩🍮🍦🍨🍧🎂🍰🍪🍫🍆🌽🍌🍭🍬🇪🇸🚨🚓🚔🚒 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME good pal ! haha #weveallbeenthere everyone is leaving teepans soon though ! :( #tooearly 
i kinda want to take her out tomorrow but i have no car :( 
but it didn't :c my phone hoed me out -.-t 
am i like the only person alive right now ? it's not even that late ! 😔 
the one person that will always be there for me . i wish i could have been a better example . 😔 💔 URL 
watching the titanic . i cry every time ! 😥 😰 
USERNAME whoa un . i've gotten good and bad comments meh :( 
ugh again with the favoriting . this relationship might not work out matt :( 
sucks that you switch jobs and at the same time lose the friends you loved working with :( #missingmyoldjob 
how m i so lucky to be sick almost every other weekend ? ! ? #someonepleasetellme hate being sick #feellikeshit goodnight . 😔 ✌ 
#confessionnight i'm too sensitive when it comes to a touchy subject 😭 😖 
USERNAME USERNAME aww that was beautiful sam ! ! <tear> 😢 👏👏👏👏👏 no we not hoeing u wesleigh hahahahahahaha 
USERNAME that shit is so beautiful yet so heartbreaking :( (( i luv it tho 
i missed 11:11 ): but my lock screen >>> URL 
i miss taking the field trips in elementary school 😢 
USERNAME ik . i was upset . almost cried and everything . 😭 #not 
USERNAME amber just told me the tickets are fucking 300 ! dollars :( (( so hurt 
who tryna match my $5 ? tomorrow though , i need a l or two 😢 . 
USERNAME i know ! ! ! ! :( she had all the jokes & her lil white bf lmao ! ! ! ! 
bad things happen in fours , not threes . my tree decided to fall during our massive storm . #fml 
i'm just a baby , i don't wanna move out ! ! :c 
w . e . i need new friends nobody tex meh :( 
your nothing but a sore loser ! ! ! ! #fuckyou #sooverit 🔫👎 😡 😤 😥 
i hate being alone at home at night .. my house is so scary 😥 
can't wait until tomorrow when things are back to normal . #hopeful 😔 
jess is gonna end up venting alot of shit .. & i could careless i just don't want her saying anything i've done or anything she knows #fml 🔫🔪 
but what if my fish die overnight .... i don't have fish food 😳 😢 
USERNAME 😥 i'm sorry ! i will punch someone in the throat if you need me to ! 😠 👊 
my mom wanted knw how i can sleep w/ a back and body pillow and all my stuffed hellokitty's in one bed , i said you try sleeping with a 💔 gn💤 
i need more tattoos :( pero i'm broke :( ( @ home URL 
successful day of not doing shit .... but i work at 8am sunday morning . 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME and USERNAME have the same twit pic and i get so confused . 🔫 😭 😡 
my cousin never tells me when he is back in ri anymore he never randomly calls me anymore or anything he got married and forgot about me :( 
my phone ass < nobody love me no more 😔 
i hate it when people text me and i lost their numbers so i have to feel like a bitch and ask who they are #sorrypeople :( 
USERNAME - yeah . it's freezing here right now . it was only 63 today . :-( 
USERNAME it was nice all day and then starting raining around 8 😔 and its supposed to be like in the low 30s tomorrow . #ihatecoldweather 
lol brian's already asleep and his hand is on my cheek , #fml #cantmove #longnight 
seeing them replay the alabama game over and over 😒 💔 
USERNAME why would you ruin my most meaningful tweet ... #thanks :( 
the last song always makes me cry so much no matter what 😔 #imababy 
why ? why do i care about #jerks and i'm so nice . whatever #fuckmylife 
.. wouldn't be so bad if i thought you wanted the same thing .. #sadtweet 
#confessionnight a lot of people might think that i'd be happy that justin and selena broke up but honestly i'm a little sad 😞 #mypoorbaby 
does anybody wanna hang out with me ? :( i'm out of work and i have cookies c: 
its 11:16pm on a saturday night and im in bed ! should be out like any other person my age . sucks to be responsible and get rest for work . :( 
USERNAME but in all reality , i still need to sleep with your shirt every night to go to bed ... im still stuck on you *sigh* #fml 
apparently i'm a druggie and i'm on lockdown :( #loser 
i always cry when dobby dies in harry potter ! :( #anyonehaveatissue ? #harrypotternerd 
does anyone like my icon ? i bet i look like a boy w/ my hair up ): 
USERNAME i really missed your tweets :( how was region day ? ! 
#confessionnight i don't feel pretty enough for anybody and it makes me depressed 😢 
i should've stopped at USERNAME house on the way home from work so he could massage my feet :c 
i wish my daddy had the chance to have this talk wiff me :'( #whoiam #allaboutlove #andhowmuchhelovesmymom 
#confessionnight im in love with someone who doesnt love me back </3 
man i miss mecy :( he came over for like 5 minutes 
trying to eat better is soo hard . especially when i'm so picky and my stomach growls every hour . :( 
i'm tired , i don't feel good & i want to be left alone . 😞 😷 😖 
USERNAME ahh i would but i'm san rafael :( ( ughh #ratherbeinberkeley 
you were my only one , now your my only wish . </3 
gusto kung manuod ng san beda game -.- </3 gusto ko ma feel yung crowd ... saya siguro nun 
#confessionnight when my brother goes off to college im not gonna be the same dymond .. don't know what im going to do without jimmy :( 
#confessionnight i'll always care for that one ex ... 💔 #sophomoreyear #goodtimes 
niggaa i've been waiting for you bitches to walk through this door and nothing but nurses come through here 😔 😭 😩☝ 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( other than that i hope you had a happy birthday ! 
USERNAME i haven't gotten a single text or been able to send them . ): 
feeling kinda lonely , sad , and worried . :( 
i don't regret anything , but that doesn't mean i still don't miss you 😔 #movingforward 
thanks to USERNAME & USERNAME for being a shoulder 2 cry on in this time of need post- justin bieber break up :( 
i cannot believe my circumstances right now . why am i not hanging out with robert schwartzman in new haven right now ! ? #fml #fail 
USERNAME honestly i swear to god i thought i saw u like 13 times but i never said hi 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME you'd appreciate this last one cuz it's def someone you know ! i've had quite the year :( i miss you when will you be hommee ? 
seen mike called destiney some chick he works with but he denys he called her or she called him , can't help but wonder if hes cheating ... :'( 
USERNAME i mean all those people dying was really sad too but :( they didnt kiss :( 
monte carlo lounge with the crew .. nott really feelin itt 😣 
nicholas sparks based movies and wine do not go together . 😭 #sadsaturday 
USERNAME i dont know ! ! ive never gotten one gimme a break :( 
i know i shouldn't be complaining abt the cold when it's merely 57 degrees but i'm really cold brr ! ☃ ☹ ✗ 
USERNAME at least i got meile until she turns 18 then ill prob have to get some cats too #fml 
USERNAME hahaha me either . i'm stuck at work 😭 
deathly hallows still brings a tear to my eye ... 😢 
i remember he almost did it before & he realized it & took me bowling & out to eat & stuff cause he felt bad now he doesn't even care :( 
these are the times were i wish i wasnt single 😔 
eazary its been too long since our last talk </3 
15% not home & charger in the car ! 😖 😭 
the fact that we would have made a year tho ... 😔 😕 😣 😒 😪 😥 😖 😩 
all i do these days is delete people off my facebook , unfollow people from my twitter , and stop using tumblr . fuck im growing up :( 
weekends just aren't the same as what they used to be 😔 
i wish i was next to you right now i miss you :( <3 
i knew someone had to ruin it 😢 😔 ! 
USERNAME where to begin ... it might be easier to say what part of her body is not injured :( i miss her a lot :( 
i really need to figure out what's going on in this head of mine . 😞 
my mom just walked in the kitchen to find me devouring an egg sammich and guzzling a coke . she be all like 😦 😦 #noshame 
here comes the water works . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
the last song always makes me cry 😢 #neverfails #sad 
USERNAME aww i'm sry baby :( ( how can i make it up to you ? ? 
USERNAME i just want something to fangirl over . i've never had anyone famous follow me :( you should be my first ! that sounded wrong 
USERNAME i ended up being an . extra tonight and so i babysat for my aunt untill like 10 :( 
my cat doesn't like to sleep with me wtf 😿 
well skyfall was fantastic . i think i enjoyed the 'radio' bit a little too much . poor aston martin :'( #skyfall #techgeek #carlover 
she's not feeling well tonight USERNAME .... poor baby ! ! ! i hope you feel better honeybun :-( i wish i had some meds to give you 
USERNAME not even ! its all you -_- and i miss you tambien dude :c 
hella cold & look what i got 😁 don't mind my boo boo 😔 URL 
where's roe when i need her ... #dying #barf #butreally 😞 
i cry at this movie every timee 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME omg i was going but im not sure anymore 💔 😫😩 
my friends are at the wiz concert and im just getting off work ... #bunk :( 
USERNAME if i wasn't sick i would've saw you 😔 miss you rachh 😘 
moms are the best . especially when you're hurting and you let them know about it . no need to carry it alone 💔 
i can't sleep . too much to think about 😔 
since when is 169 closed . it made me miss one session of freaking bingo :( 
USERNAME thanks for telling me you came home 💔 😔 
that movie flight was soo good ! ! 😢 👍👍👍👍👍👍 
but imma take off a day just for him , cause i actually wanna spend a whole day with him 😧 
all this party music on the radio ... it's making me want to go out . :( hahhaha 
the moment when the one you talk to the most get mad at you and send you a cursing text ( im f*** pissed off .) ... 😱 😰 😥 😅 😤 
a cuddle sesh with USERNAME would make me feel so much better 😔 
mane my bath water lookin to good . but i can't get off the toilet 😔 
USERNAME haha that's too funny ! it was so packed , i couldn't get on most of the rides . :( 
“USERNAME :-( rt USERNAME i knew it would come to this eventually . #nollywood #movie obama babes URL oops ! 
looking at USERNAME pic and seen our . old pic 😪 😥 😰 
am i weird for getting a bit mad when i hear other girls being called bree & also spelling it that way ? my papa use to call me that :( 
still here at paragon outlet mall in livermore with the wife and kids . :'( 
me and my sister are just sitting here crying together at this movie 😖 😭 
USERNAME omg i'm definitely watching that right now . :'( 
USERNAME i love you too ! where in the world have you been ! ? :( 
USERNAME happy birthday fag i love you withh all my heart nigga ! ! ! ! ill see ya lata 💗💗💗💗 omg ur 18 :( 
of all the nights i had to work late 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME where is your honey why is he gone :( 
even though i have seen the last song several times , i still cry every time i watch it ! 😢 
i feel like my phone may be working again but i'm afraid to text someone and then just have it stop again ... #fml 
lil bro say he has gotten bigger than me :( sad face @ the house ;) URL 
USERNAME on the daily :( we're just too cool for everyone else ! 
i just want to be home already :( i'm too excited and i've got a week straight of work ahead of me .. t(-_-)t 
my nuts are sortaa freezinng ! i wanna go home .. :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i know ! *tears* <\3 d: o: ]: *gasp* ): ]': you work tommorrow ? 
my heart literally just dropped and shatterd ... # 💔 
dang it , apple . why won’t my cards purchase go through ? ): 
it bums me out when these commercials come out 😢 
playing basketball done fucked up my hair . back to a pony tail :( 
USERNAME the light in the window like omg 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME lemme come over and weigh my self ! :{ 
i can't wait to move out of jersey 😔 need an escape 
my room is so lived it , i love it and can't stand the fact i'm leaving it :( 
i turn 18 in a month 😳 😔 😔 😔 😔 
aww :c prayers to him and your family ! <3 love youu 
going home early .... once again . i just wanna have fun :( 
USERNAME that and the build up to the battle at hogwarts . the deaths :'( 
i use to dread sharing a bed (i like my space) but now i wouldn't have it any other way ! sleeping alone tonight :( USERNAME #cuddlebuds 
USERNAME i can't be myself . i have no friends . maybe like 2 ): 
is it really that hard to open up to me ? 😥 
someone bring me soup and cuddle with me ? my chest hurts from coughing so much ! 😔 😷 #wah 
USERNAME luckyy ass ! ❤ ❤ ❤ i wish i was 😔 
being sicc and smoking weed . this shits sus af . 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME sorry i missed this tweet ! we needed extra help in bama today :'( 
even though i knew what was going to happen to the dad i'm still sitting here bawling my eyes out . #thelastsong USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME so often when i see her play , her body is wrapped like a mummy :( 
upset that i came home the one weekend that USERNAME is down in evansville ! 😔 
missing USERNAME so much ! ! 😢 #driving me crazy ! #5days #cantwait 
my phone dead and my ipad on like 3%. *sighs* 😔 😪 
i'm gonna lose my voice , i know it . :( 
USERNAME and once again we managed to drift appart . ): 
just kidding . i'm actually studying for my test monday . :( 
i wish i could sleep without waking up every hour . what's wrong with me 😢 
rt USERNAME might just go to the club with my fam since my house right around the corner ,--- 😔 😑 
USERNAME i got sick 😒 😢 😐 😞 and my dad wouldnt let me go if im sick even tho it doesnt matter at all -.- 
i miss my gf USERNAME so much ! ! :c 
not only did we get raped , but i can't sleep 😔 
i thought #oomf twitter name was .... my eyes was like 😞 ...... 😳 
not too many will think you're worth the fight 😢 
we're not so beautiful like diamonds in the sky right now .... 💔 
everytime i get a facebook notification my phone beeps and i'm trying to sleep :( 
USERNAME i really wanna follow you from my other page but im worried you wouldnt approve :( help me dj . follow me pllease 
wish i was with my friends and boyfriend instead of working ! :( #boo 
USERNAME are you gonna be here like all day tomorrow ? ? school sucks :( i need you back in my life please ma'am 
USERNAME i forgot that you go go uga .... little slow .. don't speak normal english .. ect .. i'm sorry :( #;( 
can't believe i'm sitting at my grandmas watching tv on a saturday night #whatswrongwithme ? #imgettingold 👵 😦 
USERNAME USERNAME ohh that would of been some good times but i have to babysit #fml 
USERNAME yess ! hahahha funny ... get nine ? i miss shopko w/ you :( 
damn what i just told elsa :x yeaah thats exactly what i think of myself .___. :c 
head hurts , and no one to talk to .. i shall go to sleep . </3 
#confessionnight i don't want USERNAME to leave 😫 😱 😭 
USERNAME lol i was about to say that's so mean :( 
i really dont have time for the shit tonight 😒 😔 
so tired :( boutta sleep on the bus when i get home doe ... 
USERNAME still in bed 😪😷 😥 whatever i caught is deadly ! 
nicholas sparks , i love you and all but seriously . your movies make me so sad in the end . can't even deal anymore 😭 
why do you have to have a girlfriend . 😔 
had so much fun this weekend .. back to bloom for some homework tomorrow 😔 #wah 
i'd be perfect content if i would of never wasted a year on and off with you & walked away the first time #truth . 😔 
USERNAME lol this was me as that happened ... 😬 😥 😥 
i have been home a hour and a half and i'm only on my 2nd brew #slacking wishing i was on USERNAME 's level 😔 😔 
USERNAME mostly you but it's ok hahah see you before the sun is up 😭 🔫 
i really miss my sister and after tonight it breaks my heart </3 #sadtweet 
losing your laptop charger when you have tons of stuff to type for monday . <<<< :( 
#conefssionnight my dad used to be my bestfriend </3 #realshit 
#misery #sadtweet #emotions #ihatelife #drama #macaroon #snail #sassy USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME yea , i've been to long beach bcuz of a cruise ! and yes it sucks ! it's november , & it's snowing right now :( btw , hows livin in cali ? 
USERNAME :'( if we don't win something , i'm gonna slice everyone ! 
USERNAME holy shit it's raining rhe thunder is so scarey someone help me ☔⚡☔⚡ 😢 😢 😢 
im getting into a sad / mad mood -.- :c 
USERNAME wish u could have been there today :( our convo was ridic haha we def went there w everything ! lol 
USERNAME i fucced up once to many but real loves never fades no matter what i was in jail u said no matter what :( 
USERNAME red bull and vodka . always gets the best of me :( 
#confessionnight im so not over oomf . no where near it eaither :( 
cutting my hair always makes me sad , but maybe now it will grow more because its happy and not full of deadness 😔 ✂ 
gonna change my twitter name soon since i don't bang any more ... :( 
i wish the lakers had a game .. , for i can see them get there asses handed to them . #sadtweet 
USERNAME smh forgive me :'( smh your too good of a friend to me i'm no good ! ! ! ! 
i hate when my boyfriends in a bad mood 😔 💔 
USERNAME i am :( (((( right after a panthers game 
i've been deprived of the city for wayy too long now 😞 🗽 #nyc 
😔 i tried to talk to you but you like ran away , and i had to leave for my trip .. 
USERNAME please do 😭 it saddens me that y'all never called 
USERNAME yess we iss ... ;) im sicky sick right now :( (( 
nothing like chillin with grandpa swoop donny hayes coach of the year 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME where the hell is my samantha joe . :( you should be here . nashvegas needs you ! ! ! ! 
at urgent care with tyler , i really hope things get better for him . #mypoorboy :( 
i wish i woke up from a coma and was married to channing tatum </3 
where is he when i need him the most ? 😢 
USERNAME waa why you never wanna go when i want too :( 
would i ever get a rt or a follow by USERNAME no prop not ! 😭 
just what i needed ... getting sick before my anniversary trip . 😨 😪 😣 
USERNAME i'm not gonna lie , i had to look her up on wookieepedia . lol , i'm not as awesome as it seems . :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME just saw skyfall it just wasn't the same without you guys 😔 
. iwonder if porky got moved outta state yet :( . ugh 
nights like these make me miss back home so much more .. this weekend shouldnt end 😭 😭 
urgg ! USERNAME fell asleep on me again ! :( 
my nose got wild itchy out of no where lol :{ 
USERNAME i'll try , but this was probably the most sudden some guy just quit so we needed a new worker we only hire replacements :( sorry man 
gabriel needs to come back and play with my hair again 😔 
i'm too awake and i'm too not wrapped up in your arms 😔 
💔 so this is why everyone says never make someone your everything ... #fuckthis 
wish you quick recovery . rt USERNAME woke up feeling like shit . i hate feeling sick and not knowing what's wrong ☹ 
drunk minds speak a sober heart , now i know how you feel . 😔 
my dreams like to fuck around with my emotions </3 
USERNAME i'm feelin goodd hahahha . loved seeing you ... miss you already #fml 
USERNAME hahah it's cool , you're not the only one 😔 
USERNAME sorry may :( i like you ... but not your blog 
USERNAME really needs some help on her pitch when singing live 😔 
USERNAME i know ! ! i make myself sad too 😭 but i had that graduation song stuck in my head & it just went all down hill from there lolol 
apparently can't hang , just woke up from a 4 hour nap . 😴 😦 
USERNAME , i knoow :( they were playin reggae haha my feet hurts & licas ratchet she took off her shoes on the dancefloor lolol . 
USERNAME USERNAME i feel like its been so much longer . miss you guys :( 
i wouldn't reccomend anyone to mess with that girl 8===✂===d 😭 
but why is everyone unfollowing me :( if you want a follow back just ask . 
USERNAME no ones got the iphone 5 charger . :( 
i went to sleep trying to avoid from crying the woke up doing the same exact thing i tried to avoid 😰 😞 
this is the longest i've gone without my little since summer 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME nah . we are watching sex and the city: the movie . #suckstosuck #fml 
when she texts me and says she misses me :( #imissher 
wow .. justin looks so sad on ig 😢 we love you USERNAME 💜 💜 💜 💜 💜 💜 💜 💜 💜 💜 💜 💜 💜 
saturday night and i am sitting at home watching the last song . i'm not going to like i was 😢 a few times . #whoami #whatiswrongwithme 
something is really bothering justin . he like never goes to bed this early . i'm like crying right now </3 
USERNAME 😔 😢 😩 are you okk ? ? ? 
weekend escapes go by so quickly ... back to mb tomorrow ! #boo :( 
bye bye ! ! ! rt USERNAME 2ne1 stage indeed . 😔 awesome performance as always . #sbskpopsuperconcert URL 
USERNAME aaww shit .. :/ sad kitty🐱 😔 ! ! ! dang well i guess i'm the only one singleswaggin ! umm were going to have to 🎉🍻🍺🍸like 08' ! soon ? 
pissed of that this fucking pizza place fucked up our order ... 😣 
since they forgot to schedule a host tomorrow night guess whose working a double now ? #fml 
USERNAME you tried ? you might have to push it thru . i know my bro hasnt worn his in years and he just pushed it thru it mite hurt pause 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm sorry :( don't have my own place , staying with a friend . USERNAME do you know anyone ? 
we were even close when we were younger and now we barely talk :( i miss my cousin ! ! #stress URL 
USERNAME ♥ missing her and she just left a hour ago :( URL 
can't believe i'm spending my saturday night writing 3 papers i should've done two weeks ago ! smh 😥 
USERNAME oh no haha . she just hit me in my eye 😭 
all i need and want is him ... :( missing my furry face man 
#confessionnight i have this huge crush on this sweet guy . i wish he was still in virginia 😢 
dri tdi pagi smpe tdi mlm kedingin terus :( ( 
USERNAME yes you are ! ! but you all the way in laffy 😔 
wish i could feel better so i could go out tonight . 😢 #waahh 
finish your coloring book and go back to sleep . ok :( 
i have not been 2 #church n 2 months ... o.o :-( 
what i do on lonely saturday nights listen to #thecure #depressing 
this gas explosion in indy 😳 😧 absolutely terrifying . 
i had memories that made me cry ... :'( i love you dad ... i will see you some day 
i always cry at the end of #thelastsong ! :'( 
USERNAME i've texted you a bunch . ) ): i figured you just didn't want to come over anymore . 
you can ignore me & pretend i don't exist but both of us know it wasn't supposed to end like this ... 😔 
#confessionnight i cried the night i moved & the first day i went to union high . . . </3 
USERNAME you never tweeted me anymore 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 😭 
theirs no santa ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( ! ! ! ! no ! 
thank you for getting my hopes up and then just dropping a 200 pound brick on me ! ! ! ! ! ! #sadtweet #forrealtho 
stood in line for an hour & a half to get employment from the city of chicago 😔 @ kennedy-king college URL 
those late night phone calls i miss those . :[ 
i really wanted to go to my babes USERNAME dads mexican theme party :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME it really is :( i have family in breezy point and omg everything is gone :( 
i feel like i always end up back to you like someone is drowning me in my own tears .. i don't want to go back under </3 
USERNAME fml . i think i jinxed it ! 😣 😭 😱 😫 
ate shit at the wedding and now my knee is killing me 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
when all your friends are with guys and then your just like where's my boyfriend .... #fml 
my head , throat , ears , nose is just killing me ): 
bye nyc :( (@ port authority bus terminal w/ 13 others) URL 
like an hour later and the fires are still going . 😧 😟 😥 😩 😱 😓 😰 🔥🏡 #help #prayersforrichmondhill 
thanks for getting my hopes up then just drop a 300 pound brick on me and say screw you ! #sadtweet #forrealtho #notcool 
conversation with a guy i ran into . (everything was said simultaneously ): #mindblown 
USERNAME whatt power outage ? ? i'll be pissed if mines out . :( lol 
why does it have to be over ? ! :'( #edc2012 
i've had a real bad attitude towards a lot of people lately 😔 
USERNAME they diid ? ): that succks ! what about dara , and mckenzie . how did they do ? 
the hardest feeling for a guy is having a crush on a girl who has a bf who won't treat her as good as he can . 😒 😪👎 💔 
USERNAME ahh ive been thinking the same thing all night 😞 
USERNAME i think nada also ! ): and i leave 2morrow night ! 
i have a feeling in my guts theirs a 50% chance she can say yes :{ 
how long do i have to be in twitter jail ? 😔 
everything that was said hit home ... i really feel like shit right now :( 
USERNAME you're gonna be like an hour and a half from where i live , i'm sorry handsome long distance relationships are hard ): 
c'asia keep asking me do her breathe stink but i can't smell 😔 
USERNAME ahahahahaha i misspelled it ! ! :( i apologize . 
USERNAME ok so , i was only there for a family thing but i'm on the ferry now ... 😞 
when my girlfriend goes to sleep .<<<< 😔 now who am i going to text .. ? ? 
USERNAME and USERNAME stole my air mattress ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wish i was there now :( 
USERNAME ahh ! ! ! so its okay for her to be on at 2am but not me ? ? oh hell naw . i wish i never told her about it 😔 
i have just not been kind to my body this whole weekend at all . 😢 😐 😩 😔 
USERNAME poor brooke :( ill let you borrow my giant frog lol or my penguin 
USERNAME niaall please follow me :( i love you <3 <3 
torturing yourself listening to a song that brings up memories .. but not being strong enough to turn it off . 😔 
can it be 11 already ! ? i'm waiting on this phone call 😞 
even when im upset about him i can't help but to pick up the phone when he calls . gawdd 😔 
i'm so tired my legs , butt & feet hurt so bad 😒 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME she'd fit the role perfectly . but i dont think shes a big twilight fan :( 
i just realized the last pages of my micro book have gotten wet so they're all wrinkly and this is my favorite text book . #sadtweet 
i still haven't decided on what heels to wear :( i hate this part ! 
USERNAME i just realized i never texted you back 😞 
i'm such a baby . this movie made me tear . i'm such a sucker movies like these 😢 
ermahgerd i'm so bored . why don't i have anyone to hang out with on a saturday night :( i'm going to end up a cat lady lol :/ #loser #facts 
, damn ....... guess im the only bored one ): , somebody hml . 
USERNAME because i totally live close to you to bring it 😒 i didn't have a ride 😔 
my tummy always feels sick all the time now . :( 
i miss how close me and my friends used to be 😔 
why won't parker cuddle with me ? i'll never understand . 😔 
USERNAME i'm still a little baby that stays at home before 9 :( 
i'm tired of trying , that's why i'm single now :( 
everytime i watch the last song ... 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 👈 that's 🙋 
mann ! ! i got a blister , on my thumb -___- i hate working outside ! using tools , hammering , wood .... i should of used gloves :( 
i need a good cuddle/movie/eating/crying session #lonely #depressed 😔 💔 
USERNAME stop it i can't even deal . the notebook is ridiculous ... i actually think the last song is much sadder though . i hate everyone 😭 
USERNAME are u cry ? omb please dont cry :( URL 
i miss my baby jay already 😔 ❤ 👶 URL 
<<<<throws hands in the air >>>>>i can't call it :( 
USERNAME i left mario i wish i was still there :( 
my mom is seriously pissing me off , she doesnt want to take me to the parade :c and she promised she would :( (( 
soo mad i didn't go to edc orlando 😡 😡 😡 😭 
USERNAME likely excuse . i could have came thursday til saturday . i would have figured it out . mom could've helped . no call , nothing . smh :( 
im a loner right now and nobodys texting me :( i was so busy days before and people was hitin me up on and off . -.- #wtf 
please .... take care of my grandpa ..... please ..... 😢 URL 
USERNAME forgot to get your autograph for her ! :( 
i'm sorry i just wanna talk to you pwease :( 
USERNAME yeah blah :( probably just going home and sleeping tonight . 
USERNAME hahaha . that sucks . ): aren't there other room in the house .  
wtf is going on , i didnt fall or anything today and now i cant even walk :( im scared ... 
i want someone to come tickle my back & play with my hair till i fall asleep . ): 
i donntt want to go back to school .. 😣 😰 
tall people make me feel so little a worthless :( 
i feel bad for keeping her up now . 😔 
USERNAME you're so welcome love ! ! ! i'm gonna warn ya , you're gonna ball when you get your call , i did when i got mine from faith :( 
USERNAME 😩😫😩😫😩😫😩 i want to cry i miss my besties 😭 
s/o to USERNAME for being my bff , sorry for the unfollow please forgive me :( 
bây h lúc nào a cũng cần e :( salonsip ạ t___t 
USERNAME my league is points only . i didnt know that till after the draft :( 
USERNAME & i both want certain people 2 b txting us & there not ... :-( 
why do things take some long to get here but fly by when there here #sadtweet 
why do i have to have a curfew ? 😞 
why cant i just say i forgive you ? why cant i just erase you from my memory my life ? :'( ..... cuz i want you in it but you don't realize it 
USERNAME still , go :( (( lol fhs is way better tbh 
so if i got to settle for a piece of you i guess i gotta say ✌ to you 💔 
why am i still up ? ! #nobueno #sleep #noonetotxt :( 
whenever i feel like my life is shit , i think of those less fortunate ... then i realize my life really is still shit 😔 . lol . 
dam it's been 24 hours already ? 😔 😭 💔 
USERNAME :( the tables turned , now im the one without green now .. *sighs* ... 
that moment when lose a best friend that you've been close to , to another best friend . 😔 👎 
USERNAME awh , if you want to talk i'm here for you . 😔 
yea we talk from time to time but it just isn't the same anymore . </3 
#confessionnight there's not a day that goes by that i don't wish my daddy was alive USERNAME </3 
it's been quiet boo you've already cut me out so idk what your talkin about . i'm hurt but i'm moving on hurt your next friend 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME not playing . at work . boo . :-( 
USERNAME i wish come save me :( lmao but nawl i got home work due all this week gotta focus 
USERNAME no it just says i tweet from there :( i live in michigan 
spoiled .... my child is rotten and i'm afraid i created this monster ! 😧 👎 
i hate not knowing what to say . i hate seeing my best friend so upset . i hate this whole situation :( i just wanna be that perfect friend . 
USERNAME no ! go shine bright like a diamond 😔 
soo sleepy ! :( i never thought i would be the one to drag aaron out of the bars ! 
face hurts . body hurts . throat hurts . yeah , i'm sick . fuck ): 
#confessionnight i broke my diet 😢 in n out betch 
my family is asking if i still play soccer :( 
USERNAME my bad hoe spell check but i'm mad u just basically called me broke like damn :( 
USERNAME hawn fucking . with the wrong boul that's all baby . u wan t.t hur it and don't wanna go thur the same shit 
i miss my girls USERNAME and USERNAME . i'm so freakin bored ! ): and it didn't even storm ! #sopissed 
USERNAME idk what we are talking about , you just told me no :c 
i wonder if they went to sleep already . i don't want to give the heater back to them really ): 
my mom made me lie to my grandma ! :( she doesn't know we are coming . 
why must the only punjabi guys i get into , have my last name d: #fml #onlyhappenstome 
like what happened to #clod and she never answers my texts anymore :( 
grey's anatomy :( tanan nalang napatay ! hayy .. daw nami manging surgeon haw ? hmm lol 
😔 having weird conversations with all of your friends and not know what to do since everyone is making me feel a different emotion 
we taughtt we was going out ! ! but said the flat tire on the car ! ! #fml 
fighting with my best friend makes me cry . :c someone come cheer me up please 
USERNAME USERNAME that's cool , don't respond to my messages 😢 #missyouguystoo 
another work meeting tomorrow morning ... i forgot what sleeping in was like 😔 
USERNAME hahah i know and when wed always sit on the side of the road and throw rocks at each other when we were all mad :( 
taty said i get the baeezz though . lol but i dont 😞 lol #lonely 
i'm about to just stop trying ..... no point 😔 😐 😕 
i also think i sprained my hand from it going under the sled .. :( 
): #pfrh me nd brody watched it go up in flames ... URL 
when there are couples that are so damn cute and you're like .... why can't i have a boyfriend #fml 
can not wait to finally have my man back .. but only for a week 😞 #ldrprobs 
USERNAME it's not sending . our phones never feel like sexting :( 
attention : do not text lucy . she got grounded & does not have her fone :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME what the fuck am i going to do this summer ? ! 👿 no lbt's 😢 
i feel the pain like its new .... 💔 😥 
USERNAME i'm heading back now but by the time i get there you'll be asleep :( i miss you , girl-a ! haha . how's duty ? 
USERNAME how you gonna bring me down like that maan 😔 
i miss getting fucked up with my bestfriend everyday . 😢 👎 
really ? 😔 i wish you'd just talk to me .. 
haven't actually been on twitter doe ): fml i'm disappointed lmao 
i always feel sick in the mornings & at night ): 
the notebook gets me every single timee 😨 😭 💔 
starting to ice up outside . not looking good for use making it to rehbeins tomorrow . :-( . 
USERNAME i hate you . solo chillin in 237 #sucks 😭 😢 😓 😭 😥 😞 
qué será de mi vida cuando USERNAME me abandone ? alguien me lo puede decir ? :'( 
your eyes . your smile . your hands . your laugh . your voice . your humor . your lips . bet you were thinking of someone special i know i was ♥ ): 
my poor purple pants and leahs poor toe . ): URL 
im trying to be mad at randy but then something reminds me of him and then it makes me realize how much i miss him </3 
USERNAME i'm sorry i tweet u so much :( i just like your tweets . nye resolution is to stop tweeting u so much 
USERNAME fui a USERNAME esperanzada qe estuvieras ahi pero no so sad vine desde utah :( 
:'( i really hope the doc can fix my elbow ... 
USERNAME USERNAME zombies got ahold of me ...... i'm sorry 😔 
i am always busy . if it ain't school it's work if it ain't work it's school if it ain't either it's family . 😒 😞 😁😩😫 😖 
USERNAME at work ? ? or where ? 😧 😰 
USERNAME i know . they are really loud . looks like another night with no sleep :( 
i've come to the conclusion taco bell is delusional they're trying to compare their steak to that of a real restaurants filets or ribeyes😪 😭 
been playing the mandolin all night #myfingershurt then my car broke #fml then i watched chronicle and got really fucking sad :( 
dah grass ant always greener on dah otha side 😢 
had fun tonite with con & tay . now laying down lost light way . missing my bar , i have not saw him since monday :( 
as soon as i stop walking i get sleepy :( 
USERNAME baby forgive me :c </3 im sorry :'c dont be mad at mee 
USERNAME i'm serious tho idk how i'm doing all this typing every time i move it hurt 😖 😢 
i got a limo from volleyball . it hurts :( ((( 
i wish i didnt give a fuck , but i do .. 😔 
my hair is dark brown , ughh . no 😭 😠 😞 😩 😐 💆🙅 
USERNAME especially when the little brother cries ): that part gets me 
shoulders out again #fml surgery's gonna have to be comin up so it starts staying in 
i hate night time cause i think and i cant cry right now cause everyone will be like wtf ... #dontcrydontcry </3 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME omg yes ! ! ! i don't know anyone here :( 
great night .. only wish there would have been more of it ... #sadtweet #highschoolprobz #curfewprobz 
USERNAME i'm so sorry ! i had to go visit my grandpa he is in the hospital :( i'm going to text you right now 
USERNAME im pretty sure i have an idea . but its still not a confession , sorry bubba 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( sorry ! USERNAME 
i'm starting to fall asleep i've been up since 5 am 😞 😴 
USERNAME was that supposed to be with a lisp ? it's not funny . you know i have a lisp . :'( 
USERNAME i need squid grips badly but got no money :( 
i'm attempting to pack and clean , and i'm not getting very far . :( 
USERNAME i need you trust me . love you , i will call you tomorrow :( 
USERNAME idk you but you're crazy , i wish i had your body 😔 
#rbmp 👉👉👉 😔 so sad that's over USERNAME USERNAME now work is going to be soo boring 
USERNAME how do u know if it's a concussion ? or if its bleeding ? :( 
nothing can't even help when your girlfriend says your no t.t heir for her 
even know your name or even who you are :'( 
i'm never allowed at USERNAME brithday parties because shes afraid :( i wouldn't hurt her too bad . 
#oomf scareing me , i wish i could just help ol'girl . :'( 
i hate wen people txt u and there like omg my best friend did this blah blah ! ! ! it's like bitch , i dont care ! ! ! ! ! #fml 
USERNAME you need to come home ! :( #missyouu <3 
USERNAME ok , let's run to starbucks after ninth if you can . i need to get food before rehearsals :( theyre everyday till 6 next week :( 
USERNAME USERNAME sorry pero no tengo experiencia , pero puedo aprender :( 
i have no one to make fun of their whiteness anymore since USERNAME left :( 
USERNAME they aren't open because we live in such a small town 😔 👎 
USERNAME USERNAME i have an exponential amount of homework for tomorrow and haven't hardly slept in days . i need to slumber . :( 
USERNAME i just miss you n your presence :( me n rachel were talkin bout you n how much we miss you i got all triste 
she just is crying she going to make me cry 😭 
probably one of the worsts days i've had in a long ass time 😔 
USERNAME i knew itt ! jk . aww marcin :( text me ! 
i remember when USERNAME would always talk to me , now he doesn't . :( 
ah watching the last song while alone , babysitting , is not my ideal saturday night ! #justcriedmyeyesout #sad 😭 💔 
this room is so dark i'm gettin scared :( wish i had a night light 
i don't care if we're just 18. i feel like emily and robert will be getting married . i'll be heart broken if they don't :( 
USERNAME ohh . lol okay . that sucks . :( 
i have to be up in four hours and i can't sleep :( 
USERNAME meh you work to much , i never see you 😔 
USERNAME lol ah man :/ who's all there ? ! wish i could be there to enjoy the fun ! ): 
i hate when you're like this ..... i just want to see you happy again :( 
i'm struggling to get off my couch and into my bed . 😞 
walked through maci's house with a comforter over me , trusting her to guide me . she ran my hip into the counter & my head into the wall . 😭 
and this is what i was afraid of ... 💔 
even my cat doesn't want to cuddle with me 😭 
i can't log in into my maricopa community colleges profile :( 
gonna miss the band and drum majors USERNAME and caesar 😔 
aww . ariel pissin me off braggin to me about that party :( 
USERNAME i know it sucks :( ( its because we missed a whole week :/ 
USERNAME hahaha ! guurl . lol . calmate ! .. is jaleel back yet ? i mish you :( 
man i think i might cry when i go back to school imma miss everyone 😞 😢 😭 
i miss you already ! :( can you just forgive me please ? i just want us back ! 
of course i miss another following spree from USERNAME :( 
USERNAME USERNAME #shafted 😭 going to bed , night jerks 👋 
#cofessionnight it actually does upset me when my dog runs away from me :( 
#confessionnight when elii go to college i'm gonna be fucked up </3 that's my boo ;( ima admit it . 
i have to wake up in less than 6 hours ...... ahh :( 
if someone wants to come cheer me up , that's be greatly appreciated #roughday 😔 
USERNAME the fact that you retweeted that , is why i miss you 😭 
USERNAME i care i really doo but i dont think you do :( 
USERNAME the one by my house didn't look open ! :( we went to the one on 28th& breton ! 
i wanna wake up one morning with tea and breakfast ... 😭 
ugh i think it's time for the flannel sheets . :( #myroomisfreezing #houseleakslikeasieve 
omgosh we're barely leaving corpus for sa ... :( all i wanna do is finish this marathon now ! 
i don't even know if i want to go to busch gardens tomorrow . :( 
omg i took a shower with really hot water , now i'm itchy ! :( ( 
chilled with bae today we had fun i was sad because he left me :( 
“USERNAME how come all these girls tweet about USERNAME && he retweets them , but when i do it noo retweets for me ? ? :( ... " agreedme2 
hate how me and USERNAME play phone tag cuz were so busy ): 
people that invite you to they dirty house <<< 😣 
rip flag . played for the last time tonight maybe 😭 😭 😭 
it's gonna suck .... another season in the shitter :( 
USERNAME i honked at you today and i dont think you realized it was me and you gave me a really weird look :( 
i finally broke down and cried like a baby today :( 
rihanna tho>>> can i have her voice please ? ? no okay 😔 
really wish my papung was still alive so i could call & talk to him :'( hes who i need right now ... 
the stupid boys won't let me play my black ops 2 game 😔 
USERNAME imm not out there no more :( imma text you tomorrow , im going to sleep loll 
fckk my like #fml have to watch the #sinister #fuck you steph_1293 @ century 25 union landing URL 
porque todo mundo gosta de golfinhos . quero levar um pra casa ): @ seaworld URL 
7 hours more :( pahuway ta bwas ah ! ! ! 
finally off ... not tired but my feet hurt , ugh ... :( 
i wish my tutu looked even the slightest bit like it did earlier :( URL 
was having a good time back at home with the fam & old friends , then i just get the news of you passing away 😔 😔 😔 
why is everyone on my tl talking about bullying :( i hate not knowing what's going on 😢 
ooww my hips feel like they're broken 😫 she is pushing down and my foot is still burning .. someone rub my back 😔 #pathetic 
USERNAME kelan ? parang dko maalala bro ! hahaha . saklap langs </3 oo nga eh colored na bwahahaa 
text paige ? ? ? no ? ? ? okay fine :( 
i thought i was bummed before ... my positive attitude from the other day was for nothing . so bummed . :-( 
USERNAME forgive me ! i forgot i had a sweet sixteen 😔 
USERNAME sorry i had to bail my mom is long through another breakdown :( ill make it up to you 
i hate when my babe don't reply and leaves me hanging -_- </3 
damn , my sister is only like 11 and she's already turning into a stuck up bitch with a nasty attitude v.v smfh 
#confessionnight i stress too much over the dumbest shit 😔 
taking my mom to the er . she is in soo much pain ! 😔 
it's killing me cause i can't be in your arms 💔 
i can pretend like i don't care , but i would be lying to myself #sadtweet 
USERNAME me . well . it's more like being held hostage . but only at night . basically , no night time activities for me this weekend . 😔 
just got out the shower and i do not feel like doing my hair :( 🚿✋ 
USERNAME :( :( but ... but .... but i love you . :( 
USERNAME no your not 😔 and stopp ! ! ! ! 😡 
USERNAME 😧 about me ? ! you good tho ? ? 
falling asleep with my niece and nephew on each side has got to be the greatest thing ever . these kiddos aren't gonna be easy to leave . 😢 
USERNAME i usually do it wrong ): lol but idunno what that is 
hee saidd hee was madd att mhee .. soo thats whyy hee aintt talking :( 
USERNAME come visit me on the east coast ! ! ! 😣 
the fact that i didn't get to see USERNAME today << #sorry #itsucked 😳 😫 😑 💔 
#confessionnight : i'm not the communicating type . . . that's a huge relationship killer :( </3 
` why would you start talking bout something if your not gunna finish telling me 😣 😒 
USERNAME USERNAME just got off work . prolly wont go out :( 
you would go to bed whenever we argue ! #bestfriend 💔 #idk 
USERNAME that deer is USERNAME spirit animal . lmao . 😭 
i wish i knew my course in life . #depressed # 
USERNAME california . ): we couldn't get over the pass today . ): 
#confessionnight i'm the type of friend that gives good relationship advice but still single #sadtweet 
shane obviously missed memo that i wanted to get home . :( #notfeelinggood :( 
ohh and USERNAME i miss her like all the time . i cry everytime she leave me . </3 
USERNAME i'll try ! i'm only there for a few hours 😔 
USERNAME you probably do know :( i got no friends so no one tells me nothing . lmao 
USERNAME ah i want to go ! i'm in el sereno tho ): 
#confessionnight i'm happy to be out of high school; but growing up and changing lifestyles is very hard and stressful at times 😊 😔 
USERNAME i hate you :( and no . haha ian told me . 
completely dead now .. :( gotta find a charger tomorrow 
i just wanna wake up to a cute text 😔 
USERNAME p . s .- sad day . 😢 we didn't make it to shprinkles .... so next monday it is ! 
work was crazy today like crazy had fucking kids running around my dinning room and almost make me trip and fall :( ( lol . but i did good . 
#fader (n ): a person who doesn't have a fuck to give about anything , usually replies with so , i don't care , or whatever . #fadersnation 
USERNAME aw te extraño mucho ! ! ! regreso pronto ! miss hanging with you guys at night :( 
#confessionnight i'm jealous of victoria secret models .... they're prefect :( 
USERNAME i wonder sef ... like by now i be chillin with u my homie ... :( ooh ! ! ! 
i miss USERNAME we need one-on-one time again . #badfriend #brother #misshim 😔 😓 
#fader (n ): a person who doesn't have a fuck to give about anything , usually replies with so , i don't care , or whatever . #fadersnation 2 
#fader (n ): a person who doesn't have a fuck to give about anything , usually replies with so , i don't care , or whatever . #fadersnation ! ! ! 
yuri is depressing me with her tweets today ... 😥 
USERNAME my eyes are retarded and i should go get them checked and there's nothing to do 😞 
USERNAME melissa i'm drunk and why aren't you here :-( 
#fader (n ): a person who doesn't have a fuck to give about anything , usually replies with so , i don't care , or whatever . #fadersnation ! ! ! ! 
#fader (n ): a person who doesn't have a fuck to give about anything , usually replies with so , i don't care , or whatever . #fadersnation ! ! ! ! ! 
deadass free my fucking baby , i can't do this with out him , its been a good 4 months .. keep your head up babe :( USERNAME 
my biggest fear is falling for you and getting hurt 😭 💔 
when my babe falls asleep on me<<< guess i can't say anything since i fell asleep with him on the phone last night 😳 😔 
apparently we were < 2 miles from wrigley :( #nextyear 
USERNAME aigo . :( sorry if my tweets are offending you . i respect them but just . internationally acclaimed but put after snsd irks me . 
USERNAME dang :( didn't realize it was that bad out 
USERNAME (973 ): you'd be proud ! i didn't lose my id this time ... it got confiscated 
i know god wants another angel but i really don't wanna lose my aunt ! but i don't wanna see her suffer anymore ): 
okay im going to bed now .. #fml goodnight ! 
nao consigo dormir , to eu aqui comendo um balde de frango ): hauahaahau 
mami is difficult , she does outside the home at 12 at night , esta mujer . 😔 😁 
got into bed and got all comfy and excited about being able to sleep in tomorrow ... then remembered i have a work meeting at 7am . okay 😔 
goin back ta sleep . can't wait ta see my jay 2mrrw , bin kinda lonely without him here :'( 
i miss USERNAME and USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
if i've kept it in my pants for 18 years , you can do it for longer than four days . 😡 💔 
a walk to remember calls for tissues ... 😭 😢 ❤ USERNAME 
#confessionnight i've seriously been in love with oomf since like 2006 lmao 💔 😩 
USERNAME it's cool . but you going be leaving me 😞 
USERNAME ugh . niether of my parents will let me :( 
watched the notebook for the first time . #depressednow thanks USERNAME 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME about to go to bed . i work in the morning :( ( 
i wonder what my babe is doing ... i miss him :-( 
i miss chris smith :( ( my ex bf . 
USERNAME all of your pictures are at weird angles 😔 you got a facebook ? 
yung anlalim ng tagalog . guys , please ! hindi ko kayo maintindihan ! :'( 
my negs/scans didnt come today & theres no mail monday . my weekend is ruined :( 
i miss having my own place . :( all the decent 1 bdr places around here are too expensive though . 
he fucking had me oan hold for the longest 😡 😒 😞 
when your curfew is midnight and you're still in grand saline ... #fml #ohwell #sorrynotsorry 😁 
USERNAME whoa only a few of my tweets were like that . all of yours are like that ! 😔 😑 
otra navidad lejo de mi rd :( ya van 3 no me acostumbroo ! 
USERNAME dude i'm sorry ! :( i lovee youu bro ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME duude ! i gotta go back or buy it ): 
USERNAME wow , that is awful . reminds me of the san bruno gas explosions . :( 
when USERNAME doesn't answer my birthday call ! ! :'( 
#confessionnight i miss being a little kid , i wish i could go back in time 🕛 😔 
USERNAME i want to leave this house so bad ! my stupid step dad's drunk and i'm home alone with him :( 
USERNAME i know . :( i hope you guys have fun ! drink some screw driver for mehh . ❤ 💊🍹🍸🍻🍺🍹🍕 
the notebook gets me every time ! ! ! ! ! 😢 😭 
USERNAME but u dont never call me tho . :( 
USERNAME lauren please please follow me . you don't know how much it would mean . i would scream . please be my 2/5 :( 
USERNAME right ? ! ? ! makes me so sad not to get a hug :( #feelingincomplete 
#confessionnight there's not a day that goes by that i don't wish my daddy was alive </3 USERNAME 
USERNAME fell asleep on mee . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
just woke and ate so i can't go back sleep . :( 
it's been 1 year since my great grandma passed away , i miss my angel ❤ 😔 rip 
seriously kc is so cute i love and miss her 😞 😘 USERNAME URL 
#fader (n ): a person who doesn't have a fuck to give about anything , usually replies with so , i don't care , or whatever . #fadersnation ! 
oh man . large gas explosion in indianapolis southside set several houses on fire . :( URL #indyexplosion USERNAME 
USERNAME courtney is spending some time with weston in the room , so im just gonna play xbox . :( 
USERNAME ohh hahaha i thought you were talking about me ! ! i was like what ? lol :c my head is normal >.< 
can barely stay up past midnight .. feel like a lil kid > :( 
i'm exhausted .. but i can't sleep . 😞 😴 
saddest episode of the office ? when michael leaves . about to cry my eyes out . 😭 😭 
USERNAME ughh i know :( we're the worst , way too forgetful 
i need someone next to me to sleep right now ... ugh #cantsleep #lonley #fml 
i wish USERNAME and USERNAME missed me too ! ): hahaa jkjk but i miss you girls wish i was with you guyss 
USERNAME todo es tu culpa t.t si me hubieras educado diferente t.t 
i feel like your not even worth it but when i think about you i can't stop crying 😔 #inneedofarealfriend 
put my retainers on for the first time in 2 months and im hurting :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME 😢 😢 yes i am ! are you ? 
i wish when i clapped USERNAME would find my phone charger and being it to me . #sadtweet 
my eyeballs want to close . buut i still want to talk to you .... ): 
i miss you so much :( can't wait till you come to town 4 more days #myfallscitycowboy 
#confessionnight i could settle for someone else , but i want you 😔 
wish it were possible for me to just be happy 😔 
omg i forgot my amp in the car ): its too cold to go back ! 
eating my feelings away once again 😞 🍔🍟🍗🍖🍝🍛🍤🍕🍴🍱🍲🍦🍣🍢🍨🍥🍡🍧🍙🍳🎂🍘🍞🍰🍚🍩🍪🍜🍮🍫🍬🍒🍐🍭🍇🍍🍯🍉🍠🍎🍓🍆🍏🍑🍅🍊🍈🌽🍋🍌 #lonertweet #saveme 
man i waned to go to homecoming but i had to work </3 
go ahead act like u hate me when ur with erica who could accually be my friend but cause of you we arnt :( ! #uliketheguyilikethanksjess 
i feel like i'm not perfect compared to her 😔 
i feel bad USERNAME wants me to be a good gamer :( but i suck 👾🎮 
i miss my man :( tomorrow couldn't come sooner , yet i don't wanna leave quite yet #canthavethebestofbothworlds 
USERNAME soo many girls ... if only i could dance #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME i mad i couldn't be there to cry with you guys :'( 
i want to sleep but i cant fall asleep ): 
USERNAME same here ... boosie ppl ruining my night :( 
going to 2 different bars full of ugly ass guys ..... the things i do for my best friend 😢 
USERNAME well you did ! 😔 that's all that matters ! 
USERNAME dammit . it's my little cousins 1st bday , so i'll be coming home . ughh . 😔 😫😫 
30 minutes later .. page 2 of the strange career of jim crow .. #fml 
USERNAME 98 ... 😔 😔 😔 i try so hard 😭 😭 😭 😭 
oh where oh where is USERNAME i miss you :( 
i'm filing a missing persons report on USERNAME #imnervous :( 
USERNAME that doesn't mean i don't deserve love ! :'( 
dorm to myself for the night = nothin could be more lonely 😞 
take me home . but no . this is why i hate humanity in general . 😡 😣 😖 
it's so bad that i feel bad . i literally feel like an asshole ): 
USERNAME awwh :( i like halloween . i'm hoping to finally carve an awesome pumpkin next yr 
#confessionnight i really like you , to the point where i don't think you like me on the same level 😔 
glad i left all of my fabric and shirts in justin's car .. 😞 😭 
love coming home to an empty house ... nope , not really 😔 
USERNAME i hate to break it to you but he's already left boston :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i already amm 😤😤😤😩😩😩😫😫😫😫 😭 😭 😭 😭 
tonight is one of them nights where i'd do anything to rewind to about 3 weeks ago & stay in your arms as long as possible :( #imissyou 
had to leave work again for the second night in a row .. #fml i just want to feel better ! ! ! :( :( :( 
danng i get so nervous around her ! ! ): 
USERNAME wooahh ✋. u dnt know me then ... 🚶 💔 🙍 
wide awake and gotta be up at 6 for work #fuckmylife 
USERNAME awe i miss her like crazy ! ! ! 😞 🐶 
im gonna break down we need you more than you know i have no idea what im going to do without you :'( USERNAME 
#confessionnight i became this way to protect myself from heartache & betrayal . it didn't work </3 
USERNAME i waant to ! i'm living the broke life ): 
fuck , i messed up on that tweet . 😭 
USERNAME cause i was close to a d :( and i didn't wanna faail 
USERNAME you were supposed to be my wheel ... </3 
beyond tired of feeling like shit . i just wanna lay in my bed 😔 
USERNAME i'm not so sure i'll make it to monday :( wahh i just want to curl up in a fetal position and hide in my bed ! 
USERNAME USERNAME :( (((( i hate you both ! ! you never know ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME fuck , i'll miss you and your amazing tweets </3 
lmfao i'm seriously tryinn not to go out tonight and finding out an excuse to tell this kid is so hard 😣 haha #collegegirlprobs 
#honesthour i love my mom to death but i really wish i had someone i could call 😔 
i just want you here with me . i miss you so much 💔 😔 
i really can't wait to go home ! ! ! wv ok but it ain't nothing like nc . plus ... i need my mama . she's my best friend 😔 
i always tend to hold back , bc this always tends to happen .. 😢 
i remember when i fell infront of justins house :c .. #lolol 
my mom leaving tomorrow ! i'm going to miss her ! :( 
i'm so mad at myself for missing this concert ! i really wish that i had a friend willing to go to shows with me in/out of san antonio . ): 
USERNAME miss you wish i texted you earlier so i could have drove down and been with a friend that would actually chill ): 
USERNAME so you can't text me ? 😔 .. it's okay✋ 
i totally miss my elementary school friends , bellflower and montgomery </3 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( 
i'm all hungry & i wanna watch a movie . 😔 
you would be close to being one , its been over a year since i lost you . my baby that i never held , you liked to move tho .. 😔 
USERNAME haha >.< ur luckie af i think i could of fainted v.v if i saw her :o lol jk 
i want someone to talk to . waah 😭 🔫 
just found pictures of me from when i consistently working out ... damn i lost a lot of weight . should have never stopped 😔 
USERNAME they changed my schedule around :( i was so upset :( had i been where i was i would have been out by like 9 :( 
fuck ! i was about to walk to the store 😭 😭 😭 😭 but it just closed . 😣 🔫 
USERNAME o wow ! :( that's tough . hopefully the test is wrong , but i feel like the diagnosis has been a lot better 
USERNAME love you too <3 miss you wish you were here , we did have a blast though kind of sad tonight is the last conference :( 
USERNAME is giving out s/o on instagram and my face is no where to be found :( 
holy fuck it's cold ! ! ! 👎 😔 😖 
it's so hard to say this , football season is over :( 
omg help helop 🙌 😭 🙌 😭 “USERNAME USERNAME melanie c . & emma bunton dynamically duet ! watch here ! URL 
i would give anything to go back in time and erase this past year . 😣 
i really wish you were here though :( so i can hug you tight . 
😰 😰 i can't find the chocolate chips ! ! ! ! 😰 😰 😰 😰 😢 😢 😢 😢 🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪 
right ear hurts /: & it even hurts more whenever i tilt my head :( 
my phones going to die soon and i dont have my charger with me :( 
this just ruined my whole weekend . i hope he is in a better place . #ripdiamante 💔 
swag and yolo ... i guess i'm not aloud to say it anymore :( #whatt #why 
my heart is broken 💔 praying for the hickman family 🙏 #ripphil 
being in pain & listening to my parents argue just makes me feel worse :'( 
someone come cuddle with me and have a shoulder for me to cry on 😔 
i need a paramedic i'm really paralyzed 😔 😞 😔 😞 😔 😞 😔 🔫🔫 
where the guy boys at ? ! ? ! ? #depressing 
umm USERNAME has told me she loves me way too many times in the last week .. 😧 
USERNAME #alwaysandforever i miss you more 😭 can we seriously hang out soon ! 
USERNAME this week was so much harder then any week of bmt . :( 
if USERNAME doesn't come see breaking dawn with me , idk what i'll doo 😔 😫 😭 #needmymeatball 
USERNAME awwh no :( well then you must fight the urge to dislike it and embrace it now in your adult life ! there's still time lol 
just drove around for an hour looking for ben and jerry's strawberry shortcake ice cream , no one had it 😭 😭 
hope i get to see USERNAME tmro before i go ! #gonnacryifnot #ilovehim #bestfriend #dontwannaleaveagain #gonnamisshim # :( #loveofmylife 
i can't believe i'm the cause of all this 😔 #imsosorry 
i'm sorry but the new episode of #thewalkingdead was so freakin sad 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i wish i could , i would not like to walk there in da dark all by my lonesome :( (( 
pretty sad cause USERNAME is going through his first breakup , omg i know how u feel some wut . #sadlyfe 😔 💔 😓 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME i am too ! :'( do you guys have any more shows coming up ? 
the ending of awkward . has me damn near in tears . 😢 
;;; so effing cold #ihatewinter #goaway #angryface #fml #getthefuckout #grumpyface #hate #hateit #lifesabitch #ragetweet #realtalk #tears 
USERNAME that'd be awesome ! haha i just want a job that would pay rent and a car payment :( #isthattoomuchtoask 
#confessionnight i ripped up your shirt & our picture & cried & screamed my self to sleep & let poor USERNAME listen over you </3 
party 10 feet away from me & i'm putting kids to bed . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME well maybe i'm gay ? ;) is that a problem :( 
no i dont want to be kissed thank u very much > :( 
USERNAME USERNAME 2 weekends in a row you guys leave me hanging<<< :( lol 
fuck you . fuck your feelings . fuck everything bout you . fuck your life . jk i likee you soo much even if you dont even talk to me anymore 💔 😫 
i love the techno music i'd always listen to in lebanon haha . the clubs there were always the best . i miss going dancing with my habibi 😞 
USERNAME how are you going to tweet all these other people except me ? ! that's not even right ! ! ): 
it would of been better if you were there . 😔 USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME :( that's so sad , make her snuggle , grab her and just hold her tight #catslovetosnuggle 
when your own boyfriend calls you a hoe because you brought up how he made out with another girl while we were talking USERNAME ): 
USERNAME it's my all time fav show ! it's always on just at weird times of the day :( if netflix had em i'd be in trouble 
hmm now would you choose a 5am-930am class or 8pm-130am class ? they both suck :( why mee ? 
someone come use their magical powers to heal me :c #sicksicksick 
USERNAME only lets me send to your old ones :( 
USERNAME i swear if u dont follow me im gonna jump out my window i cant take it anymore u not following me it hurts ok </3 
i promised myself i wouldn't get cheesy fml 😭 👿 
USERNAME i kno :( i busted my cup and it's all over me 
i don't want my baby to go home tomorrow morning 😢 #verysadtweet 
aww .... 😥 rt USERNAME i miss my sisters USERNAME and USERNAME ughh 
25 degrees 😭 😭 😭 😭 😪 my face hurts 
tonight would be perfect if i wasn't in bed alone ! i hate sleeping alone 😔 
my roommates so far away from me . i'm crying for her . 😩 😭 
honestly , i just miss my boy right now . like , if i could have him and USERNAME here , life would near perfect . #missyouboth ! 💔 😩 
USERNAME no my bros are there and i'm not :( ( 
swear i cant wait to go back to work tomorrow these past couple of days have been just way too much to handle </3 
country music the best for when ur sad .. :( 
orteezee my best bud ... i miss him ... :( @ house of a&d URL 
everyone just likes to stay at my house because i have food .. 😔 
i just hope justin bieber's okay , it must really hurt not being with the person you love anymore :( 
knowing that i have to get up in 7 hours to go tailgating for the bengals game 😔 
all these cif volleyball tweets <<< 😢 i wish west was good enough .. #wesuck 
USERNAME thanks 😔 😔 i have enough tissues . my mama baught some 
USERNAME USERNAME 😭 oh my god ... i miss my girls ! ! ! cuddling with your pictures tonight . #isthatweird 
got cleated nasty today in my soccer game my thigh :( URL 
USERNAME i know ! :( that news just made my whole weekend crappy . 
: i'm always there for someone who needs advices , but when it comes to me .... nobody . :[ 
go entertain that bissh while i serve him better </3 3 
honestly there was so much garlic in my meal today that i think i'm gonna smell like garlic till christmas 😣 
i can't believe i switch to the iphone later today (as long as the at&t store has power) ... too bad i can't use it until later this week . :( 
USERNAME hey ! i'm good ! just busy with school and work ! i'm at work until 12am :( how have you been ? 
i didn't like you that much anyways .. #whoamikidding #noone #fml 
wtf . my babe day was rocky wish she brung me my daughter like i asked & came home to us .. :( but it's cool . 
USERNAME she got sold , about 9 months ago , i was to blonde to learn how to drive a manual . 😭 
playing songs from eic and feeling soo nostalgic 😭 ⛵ 
USERNAME if my meatball doesn't come see breaking dawn , idk what i'll doo 😭 😫 😰 
quit yo bitchin' rt USERNAME i need more followers ! 😔 #foreveralone 💔 
sad im not stutfing my face with endless amounts of pasta right now :( 
even when so something's wrong ... i'm at a lost for words 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME me neither :( i reallt want to win tickets or go to a different concert for them 
easily* i can't even type . i'm going to bed 😔 
me and my babe gonna max out ! lmao . i wish i was drunk :( 
wondering if i'm ever going to actually be able to make actual plans that follow through with USERNAME (sigh) :( 
all i want for christmas is to get tickets to see USERNAME on valentines day in fairfax . is that too much to ask ? 😔 
wish i could have said bye to USERNAME before i left :( ( 
im not gone cry this time ill try not too 😲 😞 
can you just love me already ? 💜 😔 ⌚ 
sad im not stuffing my face with pasta and making fun of my extended family with USERNAME and USERNAME tonight :( 
when i close my eyes all i can see is you laughing at me .... how is that family ? :'( 
i wish ninja would cuddle with me tonight . 😿 🐱 
cary and i heard noises coming from her room so we ran the fuck out of the house to tj's 😭 
USERNAME it's the weirdest thing to think you were on not even a day ago ... makes me so sad . you were always so happy for me . thank you .. :( 
USERNAME i'm all done with my ballgirl career as of january . my two years are up ! 😞 😩 
USERNAME si mano :( jajajajaja ya nadie me quiere jajajajaja 
these dogs are seriously making my house smell soo bad right now ... #dogsitting #gaayy :( 
why does everything in my life have to remind me of you .. #sadtweet 
at the party via phone call thanks to USERNAME and then she hangs up on me :( 
the 3 most important people in my life are angry with me . :( #iwanttodienow 
poor rats they don't get the same love as mice :( 
these are moments i wish i had a bf ): 
can somebody just talk to me i promise i won't hurt you :'( 
USERNAME omg french montana i figured you where smart enough to notice the mountains and put shit together 😔 
i was going to go out ! ! but i changed my mind 😔 
damm workin till 2am no wonder i don't have energy for nothin 😔 
ashoo mee duelee el bientree :s :( malditoo dolor ete ahora hacii de repentee #sufroo :'( 
i wish your heart was as big as your butt :( 
anyways , i'm mad that USERNAME went to sleep on me :( ((( #sadtweet 
USERNAME we have to hang out soon . i have so much to tell you :( 
USERNAME no need to lie , ess okay :c (x 
a night where the weather is so nice and i'm stuck inside . :( 
USERNAME i can't ! USERNAME would shun me ! 😐 😞 😕 
what the fuck was with rhianna's snl performance ? ? : :c onfuse d: : 
USERNAME thanks i just got it a few days ago ... i'm ok i think i might try to head to bed soon , very sleepy :( hope you had a good day 
my niece is getting an ugly cough . she's keeps on waking up&coughing all ugly . poor baby :( 
& it begins 😣 rt USERNAME mentally and emotionally , it takes the typical person 17 months to get over an ex in which they loved 
USERNAME you suppose to be sleep . i see wea yo heart at ! ! ! ! 💔 
seeing USERNAME and USERNAME at the mall today ! >>>> #missthemalready :( 
this nigga USERNAME got all the females damn bro . 😞 
mejor me duermo ya a ver si se me pasa este dolor :'( 
USERNAME i know ! :( but we're possibly hanging out tomorrow i think ? 
xsavier & devon arrived . now i'm forever alone lol :( 
USERNAME lol . literally nothing though :( . i think i used it to scratch my nose once and then gave myself a back massage . 
blah i hate belly aches . i would be social tonight if my tummy felt better :( 
USERNAME i would but i'm so tired :( ((((( come over tomorrow and make us some barbacoa and fresh tortillass . ❤ ❤ ❤ i'll make margs ! 
USERNAME double gross ..... & the two lesbians tonight ... 👎👎👎😁😁😁 😔 😔 
USERNAME meh , i know ! :( i'll probably cry when it comes on tomorrow . 
USERNAME that's not the first time i've heard that though .. :( 
USERNAME otayy . you do have to come by and see me ! i miss you already 💔 
i do not know how to react , but i hope everything is ok . :( 
USERNAME the only problem with the fossil one is that the one i want my best friend has and she would prob kill me for copying #sadtweet 
hearing noises that are creeping me out 😳 😣 😰 
let's be us again . USERNAME #missyou . # </3 
wuut .. it's homecoming right now ? ! 😞 i'm the worst senior ever . need to get more engaged with my school lol 
its so hars to type msgs right to USERNAME rii now :( 
dang no more iheartradio for me my phone is dying . :( 
USERNAME lmao ... there's only desert half way though ! ! ! ! :o :( lol 
i m i s s h i m </3 ;( 
i sung to myself today & end up crying 😿 
i need someone to cuddle wit , i hate sleeping alone 😔 
i haven't seen USERNAME on here tonight :( that makes me sad . she is one of #myfavs 
movie night for me since my girlfriend is stuck at work ... 😞 😞 
USERNAME i haven't seem you on twitter so i thought you were too busy 😞 
so not ready for work tomorrow :( hate being sick ! 
USERNAME USERNAME 😭 lacey listen to me ! we were in a group together ! ! ! 
being a party pooper tonight bc i miss my baby 😔 😒 
on everything i was with a bitch that was like 7'1 i was twerkn on her ankles ... :( 
yea i know ima bitch don't judge me people 😔 
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck ! ! ! #fml >.< 
USERNAME i have shit i have to turn into sandy tonight :( 
i just wanna go someplace far :( ( just for alil 
USERNAME i miss you more :-( faa q ! for not talking to me ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME 😧 oh lord i don't even wanna know about it 😟 
i wish i could have gone to the USERNAME concert tonight ... 😢 #ohwell 
i hate that my coworkers always invite me to the bar and i can never go 😞 
USERNAME whaat ? is that what really happens if i dont pay ? ugh , i have a feeling its gonna be a whole process .. i should just pay it :( 
i've had at least 4 whiskey and cokes . a demain , i'll have a nasty hangover :( 
i lay some pillows down , to wrap my arms around , i pretend i'm holding you , i know it's sad but it's what i do . #bipolartweet 💔 
i like this movie because of ortiz . i miss him :c 
USERNAME my friends caitlynn n austin ! but forsure girl , i miss you too :( been soo so long 
USERNAME USERNAME sorry fellas , i can't ... i work 6:45 tomorrow morning ! ! :( have enough fun for me tho ! ! 
USERNAME was one of the bestfriends i could ever ask for . i miss him so much <3 :( 
i dunno what i want .. i want him but i also want her . #hermore #why ? # :( 
#too lazy to get up & go pee . :( 
USERNAME i'm going to keep ios 6 i want a jailbreak :( ((( 
i miss how it was in the summer ! :( 
i dont think i could ever be mad at you v.v 
USERNAME u heard it too ? it sounded too close :( 
😢 it's better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all ... URL 
ookay bedtime so i'm able to wake up at 7 😭 🔫 
you were the one that fucked up my life 😔 
ok now i want a cuddlebuddy ! i'm so coldd 😞 
it's taking everything in me to keep myself from crying 😢 
i dont think my life is ever going to go back to being the same 😣 
USERNAME i hate it when my innocent posts are turned into subs , its like raping a puppy , #itjustaintright 😭 . 
USERNAME haha you're laughing at where i live cody ! > :( you're right ... we can navigate the desert ... too down 
USERNAME is it dark out side i can't tell :o lmao ditched my ass ! ! ! ): salty 
poor cupcake is still running a fever . she woke up all sweaty . :( she just radiates heat ! 
when my boyfriend just falls off the face of the earth<<< USERNAME </3 
rip aunt janice , i can't believe you're gone now too 😢 now i have two amazing aunts watching over me , i love you both with all my heart 
USERNAME i didn't talk to you today ): i'm sowwy 
c1 ! ! ! missin u USERNAME :( @ the red lion URL 
USERNAME sounds like you're talking about booze ... i'm laughing ! ! ! matt won't be there and i'll be late ! :( ill make a run after work ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yeah i hope i dot break my foot again ! rough times guys :( 
lt bring back so many memory's rip ant gone but not forgotten 😥 
USERNAME you're home ? ! why didn't i see you ! 😿 
USERNAME so can we get food soon ? i haven't seen your precious face in soo long ! 😭 
USERNAME reeaally ? but i got a 3.5 :/ & im slow ? :( (( 
i fight wt my boyfriend way too much and i don't get why . i mean we love the shit outta each other . lml 😁 😔 
i really dont feel like staying home tonight ! ! ! thanks USERNAME :( 
don't know what i did wrong ? so ... 😳 😔 
i just really dont know about you anymore #letdown :( merp 
finally bed ... i still have much work to do ! #homework ✏📝 #readings 📖📕📗📘📙 #marketproject 📈📉📊 #documents 📄 😭 😰 😩 😭 so tired 
eek USERNAME is in town and im just now hearing about this .. :-( 
missing the boogie police :( #lostmysmile wish the girl i dream about even when i'm awake could be in my arms .... 
guess she didn't like my singing :( on dat note i'm going to bed now 😏 
pretty sure i'm about to cough up a lung . 😦 #ouch #wahh 
wish i could've been with my best friends roller skating tonight . 😞 #sadtweet 
USERNAME i want to see you too)) ): only i like 12'ays or some shit . i miss you lots hole you & USERNAME are having fun/staying safe 
USERNAME i agree . i'm such a wreck right now . i shoulda never opened it . i miss everything . :'( especially the unbreakable bond 
no matter how many times i watch the pursuit of happyness , i still cry like a baby every time 😭 
lately i feel like i been slippin' and it's you that got me trippin' </3 
i really wish my back would stop hurting . #wishiknewhatwaswrong 😁 😔 
USERNAME oh lawdy :( . dawg my nigga didnt help me lips shit , im switching to chap stick too ! 
hey USERNAME you need yo get home now i am lost :( 
USERNAME how much you miss me cause i miss you . talk about you everyday in class we was looking at pics from one act last year :'( 
i can not sleep and i will be so grumpy tomorrow before work :( 
#confessionnight i fucked my friendship with bethlee up by tweaking on her </3 
gifboom always posts my gifs on twitter without my permission wtf :( 
in order for me to get american flag designed shorts i must wait until june-julyish ? 😔 i want some 
i wanted nastas to stay in not laura :( #antm 
i hate when it takes forever for him to text back .... 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME your spam is getting out of hand . :( 
USERNAME and your the one who wont come get me :( ( 
poseidon is scary .... i now have a huge fear of cruise ships 😞 😥 #newfear #cruiseships #ihatecruiseships 
USERNAME stopp i miss babe cave more USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😭 😭 
USERNAME why you save me oreos as i'm leaving for works ? ! :c #nooreosforfoxes #theofsaddestfoxes 
USERNAME nothing . it's just i'm always up first so yeah :c 
my life sucks so bad right now ! 😣 😷 #bored #sick #saturdaynight #bed 
got my polar bear blanket and regular blanket tonight .... sick<<<<<< 😣 😢 😔 
USERNAME but i don't know what his name is or anything :( butt just thought i'd let you know ! haha josh will be the lame one ! 
USERNAME why won't you notice me ? ? 💔 💔 
my arm is so sore its irritating and i cant fuckin sleep . :( lol #rakingprobz #gay 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm upset now , can't i just get a nine year old ? :( 
USERNAME is always eating cookie dough , but never making cookies . > :( ((( ): < :( ): ( 
USERNAME you don't understand how much i miss yo facee ! i tell everyone everyday ! ! ! ! ! ! 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME walking home , i saw the mysterious and handsome stranger leave holding sapphire and a rolling suitcase . </3 
USERNAME yes ! let's chat . i can't believe my god baby is going to be 9 soon ! ! my pic is not representing the new d 😔 i'll be back tho 
USERNAME plz can you follow me 💔 💔 💔 😢 😢 i love you so much #believe 
can't sleep . keep thinking bou this game :( #hooperproblems ! 
USERNAME USERNAME hell yea i miss seeing u everyday man :( 
USERNAME fml i dnt know why i do this to my body :( 
it's been said maybe 29 times tonight . i miss #lost :( 
in the bed texting bj ... only person i really want to talk to at the moment :( # its so freakin cold 
USERNAME aww :( im gonna miss your blind peacock ! ! 
having to wake up and go dance for 5 more hours tomorrow :( 
(228 ): we designated a driver ... but it was me ..... so we designated another driver ....... 
i don't want to loose you . 😞 💔 ever . 
i'm retweeting all of kimberlee tweets tonight and that sad moment when she didn't see my subtweet to her earlier :( 
i hate seeing my mom sad :( it makes me sad 😢 
why does my boyfriend have the most dumbest job ever , always working .. 😔 
USERNAME curtis ur the homie u know i love u 😔 ✋ 
USERNAME i didn't see you at title fight :( ((( 
robitussin is the most disgusting thing ever ! it's so think , and gross :( i hate being sick 😡 
finally in the apartment , long ass day i had & to top it off i’m sick ): 
cant wait to be home and have our reunited pics </3 USERNAME USERNAME #missyouguys #9days 
USERNAME you weren't at the meeting today :/ thought youd be USERNAME my phone died once i got to the meeting and i couldnt contact you after :( 
ughh i'm board 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😣 
goin to sleep ina bad mood :/ goodnight ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i have gotten 10+ today… :( 
s/o to USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME hope you grz guys are ok 😔 
i reeally need to get my grades up . if they aren't higher this semester , i'm gonna quit my job 👎 😔 
USERNAME i'm never asking cora to hang out with me again :( she hates me . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i don't even know who you are , sorry dude . 😥 
losing your laptop charger when you have tons of stuff to type for monday . <<<< :( 
USERNAME aww ! ): i never get too see you 💔 
USERNAME and i just remembered i don't get to see you unit tuesday # :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME lol i also heard trey got red leather pants :'( no boo stick to sweats 
USERNAME hahahaha i'm serious ! nothing else works its sad ): 
me , myself & i is all i got in the end that's what i found out , no need to cry took a vow that from now on ima be my own bestfriend </3 
#confessionnight :( i can't do this anymore i'm sorry . 
my dad's birthday is on monday and like always i have no idea on what to get him . :( 
i love my twin USERNAME i'm gonna miss her ass when she leaves me 😔 💛 💙 💜 💚 ❤ 💗💓💕💖💞💘 💋 
USERNAME let's chat . can't believe my god baby is going to be 9 soon ! ! my pic is not representing the new d though 😔 i'll be back though . 
my head hurtss /; i wish i had my boyfriend with mee rite now but i havent talk to him all day ! how sad :( 
USERNAME i wish i could give you a hug :( i hate seeing you unhappy 
USERNAME jenna just couldn't describe our night last night successfully #sadtweet 
USERNAME ahh i'm sorry :( now i feel bad haha 
today was the last night cheering . im so sad :( :( :( :( #iloveyoucheer #imgoingtomissyou #ilovecheering 
who cries while watching a show about the zombie apocalypse ? oh yeah ... we do . USERNAME #depressed #walkingdead 
and i want too . but i got work at 12 😔 
USERNAME still here sa party n friend ng utolss kow :( asdfgllakl 
USERNAME aww seth ! :( i hope you feel better really soon ! USERNAME are sending you lots of love ! 
my room has no feng shui at all ... 😔 
at night my stomach acts like its never eaten before . 😣 
why're all the cute ass people the ones . #fml 
no wee are never ever ever ever getting back together . 💔 💔 
USERNAME idk it's windy as hell & i was taking the back road . i get scared easy 😔 
i'm so tired ... and you didn't even message me back ... :( #sadtweet 
i love how i was terrible sick for an entire week and i literally just got sick all over again 😠 that was a good week of not being sick #fml 
it's nights like these that have me thinking 😔 ugh 
when you roll your finger up in the car window ... #ouch #hate #pain :'( 
i hate d disagreements 😔 but i cnt expect er day to b sunshine 😕 
i am really hungry and there is no food in my house .. #sadtweet 
USERNAME i know i'm going to diee on mondaay 😔 😢 
USERNAME but ? ! ! ! ? ? ? ! ? butt .... 😔 
still up and i have to work in 4 hours #fml #ihatework 
lajameia is really scaring me , i wish i could be with hee right now :'( 
it'd be nice to know you don't wanna loose me either 😞 
above & beyond pres . oceanlab - miracle (michael cassette mix ): URL via USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME to both of you guys i'm not trying to sound gay but seriously you no u guys like eachother ... 😔 don't wana see this tho 
biggest pet peeve= someone driving messed up 😒 😞 😠 
USERNAME not chuu sorry definitely forgot about lunch :( i don't have your number private message me it ! 
had a pretty chill day , not what i wanted but oh well 😔 
USERNAME sup girl so sorry for bailing on nightfall lost my phone :c 
faggot wagon 😁 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
haven't seen USERNAME in so long :( lol pa day this friday ? 
USERNAME dang . :( my right leg is all kinds of messed up . my knee hurts , my arch burns sometimes , and now my ankle has been acting up 
USERNAME damn it could have added an extra follower to me :-( 
i love surprises but i hate when someone's like like just tell me because so many things run through my head 😔 😳 😩 
USERNAME im at your house right now ... its so strange being here without you :( 
USERNAME oo ! cali ! ! lucky girl ! ! i've never been . :( 
USERNAME flames to dust , lovers to friends .. why do all good things come to an end ? 🎶🔥💨💏/👫 💔 ✌🎼🎵🎶 
watching paranormal activity 2. #scared #cuddlebuddy ? ? #whereareyou ? :( 
all i want is to sleep . why can't i sleep ? c'mon 😢 
i have to go in at 8 am and i'm still awake :( 
USERNAME  this is why we are friends ! ! ! why must i be soo far :( 
i wish my baby was here with me tonight instead of out in kent 😔 
my whole tl cuddling up tonight wtf ? ! i miss my babe this shit stupid ! :( 
USERNAME i'm not tired and i have like 6 people wanting me to do their hair #fml 🔫 
USERNAME darn .. i thought you loved me doe </3 
#confessionnight i used to hate my skin color & feel adopted because everyone in my family is way lighter . -________- </3 
but i won't be able to talk to you ): 
“USERNAME i miss getting ready every morning for school with her :( USERNAME URL 
not being able to eat an awful awful makes me miss reno even more ! </3 d; #reno2013 
bye bye twitter ill post whenever ! !hndi po muna ako mg twitwitter lilow muna ang dami ng nangyari ! !yw mo ng dag2n pa i'm so stress na ! :( 
holy shit that guy is really 6'7" ? ! ? ! ? ! how the fuck did i end up so short ? > :( 
USERNAME USERNAME massive plot twist of my life . 😧 
i miss you :( you were my only friend when i didn't have jordan and now your gone too :"( URL 
when it takes you , literally , one complete day to finish an essay . #somuchwork #dead 😞 📄📚 
USERNAME he's just too cute :/ and i see him everyday ! :( 
USERNAME lol he knows how to kiss but not enough dna on me lol :c 
USERNAME i'm sorry i'm not there for u boo , i'm useless . but i do love u soo much , and i'm always thinking of you . 😔 😘 😢 
i was so happy when i found my hash that i said do instead of so :c . 
this movie is not helping my mood . 😔 😩 
USERNAME ohh #teamboxes ... i have a droid too :( 
that awk moment when you snap chat the wrong person :( #lolz 
hopefully this talk with my momma goes how i plan it to or i'll probably be the saddest person on earth :( 
i honestly have hate both of my parents # :( 
i wish i was asleep in my dorm . 😔 
bye bye twitter ill post whenever ! !hndi po muna ako mg twitwitter lilow muna ang dami ng nangyari ! !yw ko ng dag2n pa i'm so stress na ! :( 
USERNAME lol yeah that's a down side to my hair i tried braiding it early and it just came undone :( 
without you i'm nothing . my life is once again incomplete . and it's my fault . 💔 😰 
i use to play basketball , run track and was on the cheer leading team .. i was cat as hell at basketball tho 😭 🏀🙅 
since when do thunderstorms happen in november ? ! 😳 😬 😧 #weird 
USERNAME oh shit i totally forgot ! ! ! sorry i was a little out of it . utah will treat you well ky dont worry :'( im crying .. 
i miss you :( you were my only friend when i didn't have jordan and now your gone too :"( URL 
oh where oh where can my bobbie be ? 🐱 😔 😔 
USERNAME lol dont aww me u aint tell me what u had to say lastnight :( 
ohana means family & family means forever . spossed to be together forevvr :( USERNAME 
put their heart into it . :( such a close game :( nice job roseburg #2ndplace :( 
i am suppose to be at the saint tonight , but that didnt happen :( 
how do i download the better half podcast ? i forgot how i did it last week :( 
ugh this is killing me ! please just reply to me .. i know i freaked out im sorry ! 😞 
USERNAME #teamandroid i can't are the emojis :( (( #tragic . but lets hangoutt soon ! ! ! ? 
#confessionnight i don't like it when guy lead me on/make me feel like they really like me because that really hurts me feelings 😕 💔 
i don't know how to fall asleep with you here USERNAME #strange #attached #missyoualready 👭 💔 
i'm seriously thinking about leaving and going to get food somewhere . #hungry #cantsleep #nofood #longnight 😔 
USERNAME noo , remember what i told you on the phone i'm in so much pain and i gotta go to the doctors tomorrow :( 
USERNAME was going to crash but i'm catching a cold . :( 
USERNAME aw lame :-( ... do you have whatsapp ? 
your eyebrow are thinner than mine ? v.v and your a guyy .... 
the fact that my team does not play this weekend <<<<< 😢 #packers #sad 
“USERNAME mbb (exhibition ): saint mary's 95, ssu 69 -- final . #goseawolved 
USERNAME girl , i miss you :( text me sometime 7126350892 
USERNAME barely even tweets anymore . she's too busy partying . :-( 
i eate some nasty chilly dogs got my stomach hurting :( 
why do i have class on monday and everyone else doesn't ? 😒 😔 #mountprobz 
angie is so close to my house , but she aint gonna visit me ? fo'sho 😔 
USERNAME someone got shot at/outside crown and tiger . we were outside dees . rode passed the body on my way home . freaked right out 😥 
i think every one i was texting went to sleep on me 😔 
USERNAME omg that's so cool :( if its true please tell me when they go on sale i hafta get front row x 
USERNAME the same , w/ nobody to talk too :( 
no wilson ! this is so bad for my team and me , i'm the biggest supporter :( 
USERNAME mine always did too :( let me know if you need anything . 
i seriously feel soo sick . and i know its only going to be worse in the morning . #fml 
fidel rueda .. omg ! ! ! ! this guy and his lyrics ! ! :'( 
always craving hot cheetos ! ! coco where art thou ? ! 😔 😖 🔥 USERNAME 
so upset - headache , stomach ache :( #sad #mad i wanna fckn cry 
can't believe it's really over . i miss it already 😔 
omg i feel so sick and cant sleep ! two worst combos ever ! #fml 
the worst feelings is caring too much while seeing someone care to little #sadtweet 
USERNAME come back to us ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! USERNAME and USERNAME and i are in the lobby ! ! ! why did you leave your children ? ! ? ! :( ((( 
USERNAME i had a buzz , but then something made me mad , so now i'm just upset ! :( 
since you stepped into my life , my heart rate hasn't stop rising ." ..... it have stopped now ! ! :( 
ugh . the stupid picture got posted sideways > :( why ? ! ! ! 
USERNAME i'm sad you guys left for new york :( la is the best place ever ! ! ! ! ! 
tomorrow is my last day in florida for a week #sadtweet 
USERNAME what does ur tattoo look like ..... a butt hole ! ! ! :( thats not nice helga ! ! haha 
look at all these disney stars i miss some of their shows i wish they could just come back memories :( URL 
my heart hurts for everyone involved in explosion in indy :( 
wedding parties and class reunions . #fml (@ shitshow) URL 
i got hit in the eye today . but no black eye 😞 😒 just a red freckle ? ? 
USERNAME USERNAME lol but i know i'm tryna sound too confident i'm jp i haven't played in a while either . i play on heroic 😞 
when your not tired at all and your boyfriend falls asleep and you have no one to talk to << 😢 
there's nothing i want more right now than trevor 💔 #cantsleep #wannacuddle #stupiddeployment #ihateyou 
smh my attitude is on swolle an all i wana do is smoke ...... but i have no rello #fml 
i was thinking the same thing :-( rt USERNAME how come all these girls tweet about USERNAME (cont) URL 
USERNAME but i cant go to the store right now :( 
my house is such a tease .... it looks like we have tons of food but it's all a lie :( 
man USERNAME how many ppl gotta tweet u to follow me for my bday 😾 #followjuniorbashiforhisbirthday 
again :-( USERNAME breaking news from USERNAME #gaza rockets hit southern #israel city of #sderot , casualties reported” 
USERNAME ill see you tomorrow maybe ! :( i miss you too ! ! :( 
wish i had someone to share my bed with tonight . :( 
USERNAME omfg that's so relevant to my life . 😭 
i guess it's goodnight 😔 didn't get a text back . 
USERNAME yes we do i'm a mess right now ! ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i want to just dance 4 party , :( 
its sad when close friends arent as close .. i honestly didn't know we drifted apart </3 
the day i have flawless , perfect skin , i will never in my life use makeup . too damn bad thats probably never gunna happen :/ #lifeisrough :( 
i'm ready to get off the phone with these clowns man ! 😥 
USERNAME 😔 i'm sorry i'll make it up to u ! 
me quede con las ganas ..... de champurradas :( bueno a dormir se ha dicho ! ! ! night night 
😥 jerome is dying . i might as well end his suffering and stab him .. but he's till smiling though , i'm gonna let him die slowly . 😔 
USERNAME 783 series , highest ever , and it doesn't count . :( URL 
i don't ever want the people i care about suffer it just makes me sad 😔 
smoking with out little shit USERNAME and lb cake USERNAME isn't the same :( 
i get so depressed when everyone is having fun and i'm not . 😞 
are yu woke ! ! ? ? did yu go :-( ? ? 
this game has a colorful wheelchair guy that keeps fucking my shit up :( 
soo i wanna listen to music instead of watch this movie , but i need headphones ): 
i just need to go to bed . i suck . :( 
i wish USERNAME lived here . maybe then i'd have a friend that liked talking to me all the time . also because i miss him . :c 
USERNAME me too ! :( the worst ! ! ! 
USERNAME kk i did ! lol . but not on the night cuz my battery was low and security kept erasing our vids . :( 
i got 2 scratches on my phone .. little scratches but ahh .. not cool 😣 
haven't eaten a touch of junk food in a good while and i finally treat myself today and i'm in so much pain .. 😔 #nosleep #lessonlearned 
USERNAME 😮 where have you been ! ? i miss you :( 
USERNAME aw dex . :( i'd hug you , for sure ! 
please share this ! USERNAME 's friend sister is missing ): help her family find here URL 
USERNAME you don't know how your choices affect me :( 
USERNAME niall could you follow me ? i'm having a really bad night and would love it :'( 
mi hotel en #alexandria , va está en medio de la nadaa ! :( 
the new james bond movie made me miss london so bad :( can we go back USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ? ? ? 
USERNAME 😳 omg are they crazy ? ! -.- u can get sick :( 
USERNAME come over so we can just cry together :'( 
USERNAME aha i've been wanting it since yesterday ! . 😔 
i miss aaron 😔 , he's the only boy who ever put up with my bullshit and still managed to remind me everyday how much he cared . 
USERNAME oh nialler , you are never gonna notice me are you ? :( 
and i know exactly who i want but will never get to call mine again 💔 💔 
USERNAME they burn so much dude i cant even open them :'( 
i wish i went to winter jam ! ! ! ! 😔 
omg i'm so tired ..... really wish i could sleep but i'm babysitting . wahh . #strugglingtostayawake 😞 😴😴💤💤 
USERNAME i haven't enjoyed anything this whole weekend being home 😞 ... miss you 💜 
i keep waiting for USERNAME to walk out of beyond bc she always talked about it :( #wishfulthinking 
a back massage would be so nice right now .. ): 
USERNAME i aint say talk , i said sing :( 
USERNAME are we gonna hang out tomorrow since i didn't see you today ? :( 
bed after a long , exhausting day . can't wait to repeat it all tomorrow :( 
i wish i had someone to get late night mcchickens with 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME love you too . wanna come play softball with us this year ? #please ? :( 
crying myself to sleep listening to pandora 😥 😞 #anothernight #neverhappy #wantyouback 
USERNAME i'll live . :/ just missing someone :( (( 
USERNAME ya i kno wht you mean cuz for thanksgiving &christmas i may not come back down ! ): 
USERNAME noo ! i cant :( i work 10-430  
USERNAME damn .. me too ! :( where you . been cause u been mia 
USERNAME i made it ! ! but there is not any service up here at all ! 😥 
that's my favorite rapper tho ! 😱 😨 😰 😥 😢 
i'm legit sick every weekend & no it's not bc i'm hungover . :( #sickgirlproblems 
my life is perfectly fine .. so why can't i just be happy ? 😔 
but then again i can because i love my mom and don't want to not see her everyday :( 
USERNAME the week so i'm sorry but thanks for considering man 😞 
i'm gonna be a sad mother fucker when #morganfreeman dies :( 
USERNAME i know i was hoping you guys was here but u wasn't :( let's try next weekend ! ! love you 
:'( take me back ! ! ! ! pleasee ! ! ! ! 
i want to watch the rest of the oregon game but i'm getting sleepy . :( 
basketball season is here but no cable to watch it :( 
why am i still up ? ? ? 😔 😔 😔 
my dad doesnt want to take me to my tios rosario :( 
i gotz to wear my glasses tomorrow cuz i forgot contact solution lawl . waste of new contacts :( 
i've come to the conclusion that i can no longer dance 😢 
how do you talk to someone you like who doesn't even know you exist ? 😔 
i love my fan base but these make me want to cry . :( @ home ! URL 
sorry i get bored with it very easy lol 😭 🙈 
USERNAME now my key won't come out of my ignition ! :( 
i wish we could fall asleep every night together :( 
this song is on repeat i swear and i dnt knw how to download it :( 
the tease of being good at giving massages is that you can massage yourself . 😩 😔 
i need to see him and be with him already . this is really really hard 😢 😢 😢 he is my number one stress reliever , i hate ldr . swear 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME did you hear the explosion ? my parents said they heard it and they live over by warren cent . high school ! :( it looks horrible 
broken hearted to find out that my favorite pizza place , max pizza , closed down . :( 
okay so lil bby have braids at the top with a ponytail tf 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME of course her name is caitlin ! in my defense , i'm very sleepy right now :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i was suppose to but claire was shredded :( 
lmao rt USERNAME swans only have one partner for their whole life if their partner dies they could pass away from broken heart </3 . 
i absolutely hate being home alone at night ! 🙈 😣 
i hate when i'm waiting for someone to text me all day 😔 
ok so i had a flat after work , finally got a spare , and it comes off going down the road ... #whatafuckingnight #fuckmylife 
#confessionnight i have a huge crush on a boy i have no chance with ): 
wow , well my night has been ruine d: / and on top of that i didn't get to see her :( maby tomorrow ? USERNAME 
i hate when people message me with no feeling or emotion :( makes me sound annoying or something ... 
sometimes i wonder why i continue to try so hard . :( 
USERNAME you to ! sunday fun if your on the right team ! lol we win ! football fun ? texans are playing the bears ! we win houston ;) chicago :( 
well i'm going to sleep already i'm tired and bored ): 
USERNAME say wuut ? ? ? ? ! do jew love me still :( ? ! ? ? 
this sleep is finally catching up on me , thanks 3 test week 😔 😴 
if you're gonna be somebody's heartbreak be mine 💔 ill take my chances 💙 😊 
USERNAME i remember freshman year almost anything goes . i miss you :( URL 
USERNAME still can't access the site on mobile :( its been a long time . URL 
you've gotta be kidding me . i knew this would happen . just my luck 😢 😱 
#np red solo cup; glad i listened to it last week . and little - #rascals phrase of the #night :{ d URL 
USERNAME aww no :( i wanted to meet up for a quick smoke break or something . 
why do we always end up in this situation , but it end up not working out </3 
wow just realized that when i dropped my phone at work my whole back shattered #fml 
omg guys . i should be doing my homework :( 
the only thing that sucks is not seeing james for five days 😔 👎 
oh crap i always forget to text people back 😞 sorry 
USERNAME fuck u den ! ! :( jk i'm fucking around ;) 
USERNAME :( es okie .... no show the world ! ! ! ! 
#confessionnight i don't like to get aggravated because then it puts negative thoughts in my head 😔 😒 
ive said my last goodbye & i know i regret it now & think i wont stick to my word but its whats best for you not me . #sadtweet #why #fml 
USERNAME she did a show in fort lauderdale which is an hour away but i found out about it last min :( 
i'm not allowed to , but i am , sorry dad :( 
someone keeps calling me blocked i'm scared that's creepy i thing is that one guy 😦 
USERNAME i'm in kinsley ! and about to go to bed :( you and kenny needa come soon ! ! 
USERNAME obama v romney: 332-206. bush v gore: 271-266 bush v kerry (self-proclaimed bush ): 286-251 yes USERNAME we have a mandate 
i wish my twitterless boyfriend was here . i miss him 😢 #lonely 
USERNAME i hpe u ok & i hpe nuttin bad happen to u :( ! ! ! ! ! 
oomf never texted me back today 😔 guess he doesn't care 
god , please help this hurt go away . 😞 🙏 
USERNAME aww babe :( ill buy you a burger . #sharingiscaring 
standing across from toomers tree and its really such a shame what happened . such beautiful trees :( 
USERNAME i don't meant to make you mad babe . :( 
wish i could fall asleep ... or at least not take some muscle relaxers so i could drive home ... #fml #wannagohome 
USERNAME it's like an hour away in car and id have to take the train and book a hotel #hassle :( i'm looking forward to her next one 
all i want to do is ride the elevator to the top . too bad it's closed . 😿 @ tower of the americas URL 
USERNAME & you still ain't buy me nothing :'( . 
i bet you hussain can get a girl before me :( lmao 
i hate drama why can't we all just be friends and be happy :( 
trying to pass out to rhcp from this exhausting day & a wendy's commercial comes on pandora . #fml #nightmares #foodbabyscare 
fell asleep for three hours and woke up now i can't fall back asleep 😔 
ohh ! we doing fat jokes now ? ? ! why you gotta be rude ! you know i'm sensitive about my weight . :-( 
guess mhe n #oomf just best friends :'( goodnight twitter 
hearing sirens aren't exactly the best relaxer in the world either .. #fml #whereisthelove 
okay finally going to sleep but i have to open at work tomorrow . 😔 
USERNAME :( nyquil keeps me awake . dayquil puts me to sleep . i'm weird though . hope you feel better ! 
trying to pass out to rhcp & a wendy's commercial comes on pandora . #fml #nightmares #foodbabyscare 
i would give anything to have USERNAME to talk to right now . i mean it . anything 💔 
praying tonight isn't the last time i see him; i ain't trying to loose another friend :( 
i stopped saying in general . cuz i take that very personal now v.v 
i just wanna talk to my boo 😒 😞 😔 
USERNAME check yu out lls bu t.t ext me real quick i gotta tell yu sumthin 
ffuu ....... i have so much homework and tomorrow is already sunday ..... :( 
USERNAME i have the cutest phone case ever ! but i can't even take it off 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME no ....... no one is :( see your shinning face tomorrow baby 
my voice is like seriously gone #sick #coughing :( #damnthisnightactuallysucks 
most boring place to be on the weekends goes to my college . #selfiesaturday 😞 @ hermit home URL 
i can't do anything to help . 😭 😢 😫 i feel so bad . 
i wanna be more bhut she just wanba be friends ..... guess i have to deal with this ... :'( 
the option to get up and go pee or hold it till later on ? #ihatethesedecisions 😔 
USERNAME ikr 😔 that's how it is when you miss out on home cook meals 
USERNAME i don't like cats .. but i'll think of your cat as a family member ... tearing up as we speak 😢 
USERNAME neverr lor :/ buy for me the bunny :( 
that awkward moment when USERNAME isn't following me on ig . 😒 😒 😔 
i am out of stila water proof best liquid eyeliner (in the world). #sadday #missiontogetmore #makeup #girlproblems 
it feels like an elephant just stepped on my chest . :'( why ? 
USERNAME me too ❤ 💋 how's being grounded ? 😔 😉 
USERNAME why are so perfect ? :( are you eating cake ? you better save some for me bitch 
USERNAME jilly baby i got fired at texas roadhouse ! :( 
thinking about how our friendship is like ... maybe you weren't meant to stay in my life ? i doubt you're gunna stick around 😔 
tried so hard to be turnt up and ride out this win but oh hell - so sick - they turning up without me :( 
lol . poor diana ! i heard what happened ): 
i am one , tired , (soon to be) momma . 😴 😭 #bedplease 
USERNAME i have one on its just so cold 😔 
USERNAME :c i thought i was your other half ? hello i'm ur guff ? -.- 
i miss steven williams so much ... you never appreciate anything till its gone .... every day is a gift from god no day is promised :( 
USERNAME need to hmu , he dont fw his daughter no more .. done got to busy :'( 
when you haven't talked you your bestfriend in months ! #storyofmylife 😢 👎 💔 USERNAME 
sorry to hear 😞 . that sucks for sure ! 
missed all the football games today because of the wedding :( looked at te recap , so glad texas a&m beat bama love a good upset 
nakakamiss piyesta ng bocaue . ughh teleport please ! ! ! ! :( 
nauseous .. having a stomach ulcer sucks . #ifeelawful 😷 😓 😔 
my cousin is 17 😦 it's so hard to believe . but i love her 😘 
all i want for my birthday is a playoff bound team #warriors #dubnation USERNAME stop breaking my heart :( 
i wouldn't let go of USERNAME yesterday ! missed him so much . :( 
my manager showed me a picture of a doo rag or whatever and he laughed and said that reminded him of me :( 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME im just a innocent by stander 😭 😩😫 
i hope my dad is okay and we never have to come back here ever again </3 
my mom really just called me out on some shit ! ! ! i really haven't been myself lately ! just from the little things she pointed out ! 😞 
USERNAME </3 i desperately need to go fall shopping . lets plan a day ! 
ugh it's gonna be a night full of tears 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME i know and i don't like that :( we used to be best friends ! 
i wish i had #theoc on dvd , i'd be so down to watch every single season right now #bestshowever wish they never ever cancelled it 😭 
i can't stop looking this .. i miss her already :( 
USERNAME rude you should come i'm gonna be there #sadday 
USERNAME sowee :( ( i miss you tho ! if i had money i would for sure go , but hopefully we can soon ! just so busy with finals an errthang :( 
USERNAME aww poor you :( i feel your pain 🍔 well they do sound really yummy right now :/ 
USERNAME yeah .. aquí está asiendo un chingo de frio :( 
USERNAME never showed up to the family dinner :( #missedher 
i'm sad you guys ... i need somebody to talk to :( 
USERNAME 😞 that's so scary ! ! well i'm glad you guys are ok and really glad he isn't on duty . i know he lives for it , but scary ! 
ive been trying so hard cant keep you out of my mind . 😔 👎 
i want to be drinking hot cocoa and watching swan princess . :( (((((((( 
nobody ever wants to give me a back massage :( #inpain 
USERNAME wish i could exchange my 10 hour shift tomorrow for the equine affair </3 
dam i miss my stalker . 😪 😭 😔 <|3 
marsh is going to end up killing somebody soon :-( 
i want girls to say to me . i want girls to like me . i honestly don't see what's wrong with me . 😔 😔 
i kinda just want to be with you right now .. but i'm not #sadtweet 
USERNAME nah :( i want to see it soon tho , dm me lol 
USERNAME i cant find you on kik :( my twitter name is my username tho 
USERNAME but i still wanna talk to you ! :( 
i can't believe my godsons gonna be 3 years old in april :( #timeflies #hesgettintoobig 
i just fell face first off my bed because i was too lazy to just get down and pick up what i dropped 😔 
ive created a pc gaming monster ! 😣 😁 he wanted to try league of legends , god i hate that game ! been playing for hours ! URL 
i hate bad dreams so much . #cantsleep 😧 😥 😢 😞 👎 
ok time to get my fat ass up and do my thang .. even tho i'm alone 😭 
USERNAME aww :( well anyways have fun dying tonight ill read all the news flood on fb tomorrow morning . #lastconvowithjump .. 
the first time i ever watched this way freshman year with my bestfriend at the moment , kim ))) ): i miss her 
USERNAME no :( no one could take my shift :( 
so many people made fun of my voice tonight 😔 #novoice 
knowing you fucked up has got to be the shitiest feeling ever . #deserved #fml 
USERNAME eto yun dre . grabe , saksak puso tulo ang dugo . hehehe . :( ( 
that awkward moment when you put on a dance and no one shows up . #awesome 😔 
USERNAME ah multiples ? :( well ice the haha . gotta hate dumb girls slamming hands in doors . 
i have nothing to read and noone to talk to i am so bored 😔 late night #nannylife 
my tv stays switching channels on its own .. 🙊 😥 😳 😭 
. iremember wee always use to saee , iyt dnt seem like that anymore ! hmm :'( 
i would give anything to get you outta my heart and off my mind 😔 
USERNAME i can't even drive tho to get more :( fml 
when you wish you could help somebody but you know you can't << 😔 
i feel sad that i miss family events because of work 😔 😕 
USERNAME ah ... that stinks :( though , seems like 'tis almost timed for that , if ye crash at night ... still sucks nevertheless 
yeah i'll be a 3rd wheel again ... 😩 😿 
how torn apart will i be if my mom dnt approve of you :( .... ugh 
USERNAME i feel ya , that all i ever do :( ( 
9% battery and i do not wanna get up and get my charger ... #fml 
head hurts . im sick again :( kawa na pleasse t_t 
well my mom is actually .... i don't know how to make mac and cheese :( 
rene , why you no talk to me ? ! :( 
i definitely didn't dress warm enough for disneyland . i can't feel my hands or face :( 
USERNAME USERNAME if i didnt delete 50 a couple weeks ago i would have :c i only have the good ones left 
USERNAME i need you to put me something together . garage band is confusing :( 
phone please don't die . ): i need you right now . <\3 
USERNAME i really want to have tickets to see you guys_i've been wait since last to get my dad to get somebut he said it impossible :( 
💔 fragile heart all over the world 🌎, let's 🙏 for healing ! !. 
theres day where i feel like we are together nd day we are best friends nd days when feel like yu jst dont care no more .... idk wat to do :( 
thrift store shopping & nadya spied this vintage gunne sax dress ! alas it was a tad too small :( b @ victoria URL 
USERNAME no just a trippy car couldn't drive it . it was janeans and i was scared 😦 
omg this thunder just shook my whole damn house 🙉🙉🙉🙉 going in my moms bed holy shit 😭 😭 
USERNAME it got me too ... i cried a little 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME places were not open or terrible :-( 
i always feel bad after a fight with you .. 😔 
& drinking a coke . jack went to sleep on me :( 
i feel like work is taking over my life . i barely have time for friends or my girlfriend 😭 i feel like i'm neglecting everyone i love . 😕 
i don't feel good #fever :c , 😨 😕 💉💊 
USERNAME ohh shit c; lol i'm craving it right now :c 
USERNAME i keep making awkward eye contact with him ... make it stop ! ! ! ! 😢 
i'm so sad . i wanna smoke . but i have nothing to smoke with . 💔 
USERNAME there is the gas to ge t.t here haha 
USERNAME you never show me love :( *walks away crying* 
USERNAME hahaha ! is your phone full of ugly pictures of them -.- geez ! i can see what kind of boys your into tiffany ! 😔 😒 
just took a round trip cab ride , forgot my wallet at the crib #fml #letthegoodtesroll 
valencia and hollie talking about getting followers and i'm just over here like i lost a follower . 😔 
i haven't gotten a good morning text in a while . 😔 
i don't think there's anything more i miss in life than riding around in princess smoking cigs bumping biggie with USERNAME 💔 🚬 
USERNAME USERNAME i don't get to be involved in this #sadtweet 
just got home from work and gotta be back there at 7am ... :( 
sad end of the night :( going to end the night playing assassins creed 3 
i wanna be more than a friend to you .. </3 
rt USERNAME think she jus broke up with me 😔 
USERNAME sorry i didn't text u ! my notifications for twitter for some reason aren't being sent to my phone :( 
welp , i guess i have my answer . #negative #nobueno 👎 😑 😔 
USERNAME because that weak program came with my computer 😔 
USERNAME :( i needed a change . also that's my jailed handle now 
USERNAME lol .... brush ya teeth ! lmao 😭 😭 😭 😭 always #nextweekend 
USERNAME yeah , i just fell asleep too . ): 
sometimes you just have to smile , pretend everythings okay , hold back the tears & walk away ! ! ! ! that's life :( 
USERNAME im bored can you guys like come back lol 😞 
lmao jk . thanks but i need friends in my hood 😔 
at least i don't fumble on the goal line .... #choke #noballs #fml . USERNAME 
USERNAME i do tho :( i better see you before you leave doe 
USERNAME ay mattycat be thankful your job didn't just get completely fucked in the asshole by some sandy bitch 😡 😭 🍦 #nowwhat .. 
USERNAME you sound sad . :( what's wrong lady savage ? 
USERNAME and oregon aint all that . i mean measure 80 failed :-( 
i wish maria had her iphone right now se we could face time :( 
USERNAME always ! we were playing softball ... throwin down third and shit . 😣 
my laptop froze for the first time today ... 😞 the curse resumes .. 
USERNAME nope 😔 i'm really sticking to this no drinking thing and i'm way too easily tempted for that shit lol 
off to dream land hoping to feel better when i wake up . i get sick too much :( (@ park hill) URL 
my heart & my mind are in two different places right now 😔 😞 
USERNAME i sit up every night waiting for you to notice me . you have helped me through a lot and i love you so much ! ! notice me :( 
USERNAME i totally would but i don't have any ): 
but it don't even much feel right going to sleep and we haven't prayed 😔 😔 
this ear infection is no joke ! i hate seeing my baby in pain :( . 
seriously . losing a lot of my childhood friends #sadtweet 
USERNAME tanks boo ! coaching just isn't the same 💔 
USERNAME we're in the same situation . bosan gila :( 
i just wanna go to sleep i'm so tired 😔 
fuck drug store foundation , i need mary kay 😐 💔 
USERNAME it's been like 2 days and i miss you 😔 😔 😔 feels like you're on the sdu retreat 😔 😔 
lmao .. i know right ! dat shit was fun ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME jess . ): unfortunately , i'm a loner . 
all i want is sleepy time tea and my cat , the only thing that seems to care about me , to cuddle with .... #sadtweet #wah #ihateeveryone #bye 
an its gonna be impossible for me to ask USERNAME to be my date to prom ! 😢 😫 lol 
has it really been 9 years ? 💔 #missyousam #111103 
i think it's time to sleep i can barely keep my eyes open ! 😔 😴 
- lex :( don't do go sleep like that . 
i hate walking into my house alone late at night when everyone's sleeping 😔 
its finna be impossible for me to get comfortable :-( 
just call me text me messages me something .. i'm really worried :( 
wish i could have been at sub deb tonight ! ! #misshighschool :( 
bet u leave in a body bag #. bou t.t hat action 
lml , kadeem is gonna beat my ass in da mornin :( 
#confessionnight i'd go back to my past in a heartbeat .. 😔 
the fact i've had someone to snuggle with the past two nights and trying to sleep alone :( << 
USERNAME i miss you too 😞 we should get together soon ! ! please ... 
first saturday i don't go out while being in college ): 
USERNAME when will you ever just tweet me saying you love me ? :( its not that hard ! <3 i love you ! 💜 💜 💜 😘 
#confessionnight life without my cell phone has been miserable ): 
my love for you was bulletproof , but you're the one who shot me . :'( 
my throat is so raw and sore i can't even sleep cause it hurts to breathe and swallow :( 
so pooped 😞 cant i just go home already and see my babies 😩 
my heart aches for my bestfriend and the pain she's going through loosing her dad . send your prayers to her please USERNAME 🙏 💔 
watching unsolved alien files ... this is my life now 😔 
sometimes i wonder were my real friends are at ... 😔 
USERNAME i wish i could say i eat healthy ... 😔 
USERNAME i'll give you a burger ............ just come back to toronto ! we miss you lads :'( x 
USERNAME i kno yu miss my glitter ! ! ! ! don't try to front ! 😭 😱 😘 
' can i tell you something and you keep it between us only ' i dont wanna ): 
USERNAME its going around to everyone i work with ! im in the early stage so its the calm before the storm :( 
USERNAME okay mari .. you're scaring me :( what's etep ? 
thanksgiving needs to hurry .. i miss my family wayy too much . 💔 😩 
lol mne wen i say nobody i mean nobody 😢 😪 
USERNAME trynna share ? and watch romantic movies an be like i wish that i was me 😭 
USERNAME belvedere ? lol just busted my face infront of the owner of 4th and4 cops #fml 
too bad babe won't get off the game to come to bed with me . :( 
USERNAME yeah . that should help him tomorrow . hopefully it does . poor little pauly :( 
dear lord , please give me strength to spend the night with USERNAME 👏 😔 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME you both can suck it . i miss summer . #blackout anyone ? 😭 
i'm comfortable . the air & fan are on .. but i can't sleep ! why ? :( 
we are all too young to have our hearts broken 😔 
officially back in vegas ... i need to sleep 😔 💤💤💤 
USERNAME for real ! 👌 we can actually hang out because we never do .. 😞 
done uploading on my facebook acct . sorry for the super late uploads :( 
i wonder if anyone else saved krete pic last night . 😭 😭 😭 
my arm is killing me from this tetanus shot 😣 💉 
my hair didn't turn out the way i wanted it 😞 i guess in 2 weeks i gotta re-dye it 
isn't anyone awake ? ! my date fell asleep :( 
i finally got good & everyone already fell asleep 😞 
finally going to bed and all i can hear is my guinea pig eating ! fatass ! 😔 🐹 
two years ago today :( rip dave . #myohmy #mariners USERNAME 
USERNAME i hate not being able to delete playlist u never listen to for space because you never know when u wana . listen to it ... :( 
still feelin sick #ugh , but watching leprechaun ;;bck to da hood wit azia until i k . o ... god forgives but the courts dont imissmybay :( 
USERNAME i dunno what means .. i barely know how to operate tweet 😓 😭 
USERNAME i know :( it hardcore sucks . i was running a fever all day and they wouldn't let me go home 
i miss mikey ! he needs to come back already ! :c 
USERNAME me too :( i’m in denial still i think 
i hate that first day of getting my nails done , they hurt soo bad ! :( 
anyone with a car text me . we need taco bell like now :( 
USERNAME i'm in noblesville drunk with no ride or i would :( 
😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 imma be hurting tomorrow . 
i just want to be able to sleep all night like a normal person .... #thisisstupid #miserable :( 
USERNAME two years today . rip dave :-( #myohmy #mariners 
i'm sorry boo . 😔 should be visiting soon doe ! 👋 
USERNAME hahaha :( i'm sowwy jafet :'( i didn't mean it ! i was just unfocused at the moment c: lol 
USERNAME it's okay we can be sad together 😖 😭 
i love my roommates 99% of the time . the other 1% is right now because i can't fall back asleep :( 
USERNAME awh i miss you guys :( i would send a picture back up its too dark in here ... 
USERNAME USERNAME i just don't like that 😔 not at you just not happy 
USERNAME yeah i talked to him for a second during USERNAME shook his hand , but the film crew was rushing him , so no pic 😔 
i hate when the one person you want to talk to takes forever to reply . 😔 
sad day for the dub :-( chiefs lose and tri wins ? ! boo . USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
when girls don't shave there legs 😔 😩 😲 👎 
reggie always has something to say about my tweets . 😔 😒 😠 ✋👊 
#confessionnight when USERNAME takes forever to text back , i die a little inside 😣 💔 
USERNAME i just got home . i work at 7 😔 
sending an important text and anticipating the response < 😑 😣 
the weekends just ain't long enough for me hell ! ! :( 
USERNAME :( . thats my elephant .. and that should be me ! 
he's sleeping , now that i'm awake ! << 😕 😔 
i'm wear 2 pairs of socks and my feet are still cold af .. 😔 
USERNAME i can't do that :( but maybe i can grow my beard out really long . 
#confessionnight i really like oomf but i want tell her how i feel :( 
even when you laugh i can see it in your eyes deep inside you wanna cry </3 
USERNAME i'm not gonna get excited because its probably sarcasm like last time :( 
i miiss carlos :'( my babe needs to come home ! ! #babeworking 
i wish i could be cuddled up in oomfs arms :( ( but he likes somebody else <|33 
been away from USERNAME for only a little over an hour and i miss him soo much :'( 
USERNAME it's ether i can't stop smiling or dancing :( haha 
solido isn't great live :( i loved them .. now i'm kinda disappointed . but i won my baby a toy snake , &that was the highlight of my evening ! ! 
USERNAME don't let it ruin tiur night :( (((((((( brit don't me mad ! ! /: you're too pretty to frown ! 
addressing unresolved issues is the worst because you never know what the outcome will be . 😐 😣 
USERNAME i do too :/ i'm thinking of making a cover to diamonds by rihanna and titanium .. idk </3 
USERNAME omg , i'm not the only one ! lol . me too . so sad :c 
i'm tired , and freezing my butt off outside . & i wish this guy would leave me alone , i just wanna go inside and sleep . leave fire truck 😔 
USERNAME i was like waah ! :'( & i noticed . i was looking at an old status you commented on & realized i was talking too myself . .__. 
lol we have to be a t.t he . church at 11:45 .... USERNAME 
i'm so hella tired but at the same time i forgot tht i'm teaching at church dang it :'( 
even tho the stupid dart rebounded and stabbed me in the chest .. #painful :( he doesn't even think i suffered much for that dang snake -_- 
USERNAME titti smack the bitch and wake her up ! :( 
some things are better forgotten . leave things in the past . they are better off there . 😔 
USERNAME my mommy said the same thing about me :( 
USERNAME ouch that one hurt 😿 , but you know what sucks more than both those jobs ? not having a cool iphone case 👹 
1am and i can't sleep b/c of this medicine . :( #someonetextme 
☹ ☹ rt USERNAME i remember one time i had sex to roman's revenge . URL 
still can't believe alabama lost , i almost cried ): 
here's a video of me trying to play 'knights' by USERNAME on a guitar 😣 URL 
pretty aggervated :( but i might get to lay down . at least the bed doesnt have a steering wheel or move . 
USERNAME i know :( i wish i could tweet things that don't make sense like you ;) 
USERNAME lol i'm trying to figure out , can you shoot ? 😔 
nothing hurts more than the pain you receive from love :'( 
USERNAME hell yeaah ! ! ! ! ! ! most def we gotta get i t.t ogether ! lol 
feel like in gonna get sick 😔 #wahh #boo #blegh 
weird day , felt like shit , almost died at the theatre , ran over a bunny :( & got pulled over 💩✌ #overit #nobodyissafe #notcool 
kids are asleep , wife is out until tomorrow . you know what that means ! a glass of wine and going to bed early . :( #parenthood 
and the question of the night .. "where's d***** ? ? ? 😔 😒 
i wish i was with USERNAME right now ... :( #boo #comebackgetme 
going home in less then 5 hours 😩 #sadtweet #notreadytogohome #goodbyechicago 
bailando con mi amigo juan se me salió la kaki :( 
USERNAME there is no jailbreak yet for my devices because i have the latest ones with ios 6 :-( 
text me or kik me . i have no one tonight :( 
thanks for following the weirdest fucking person , zayn . fuck you . i asked for a follow and what do i get ? shit . yeah that's what i get , #fml 
wish you were here to have tea with me , margie . #sadtweet 
USERNAME lmao you're sucha bitch . why didn't you tell me i look like this :( 
i don't want this night to end :( but it's cold so yes 
USERNAME i meant :-( * allow me to make it up to you . 
i'm sobbing . carl having to shoot his mother . what the fuck . i can't see i'm crying so hard lol but really 😧 😭 
USERNAME i get up & have to get a new sock :( & never find the other ... #sadtweet . 
USERNAME awe :( im eating pretzels . so im happy . 
😢 😷😪 😞 omfg , im sleeping on the floor cus i can't move 
USERNAME when i first saw u , i wnted to hug u so hard u , you smiled at me and my friend , we started to cry :'( u are to cute 
i need to get to bed . 😳 😳 😔 😔 
USERNAME nothing ! nothing at all ! :'( just never mind ! ! 
i guess i'll let pandora put me to bed 😔 
lol that first real fight you have with your boyfriend . 💔 i told him i was a bitch ... shoulda listened . 
i feel like watching the movie limitless & scarface :( 
USERNAME i know a tweak to make the rocket launcher full automatic with infinite ammo and gold coins but i need to be jailbreak ! :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know sorry i ran out of room :( 
man i really have to fold clothes at 11:25pm 😣 
we live in front of the high school the same place i lived before 😗 😔 
boo i'm not going to see disney on ice ! :( 
full bottle and no one to drink it with :( 
wonder what my brother is doing ? its noon for him :( 
i've never seen that many cops in my life . kids showed us pictures , it was crazy . houses seriously exploded , homes were destroyed . #sadtweet 
cal what the hell happened out there tonight ? ! #oregon raped you .. disappointed 😔 
awe ... lost a puppy .. only the cutest one and i almost had a break down ... :'( i'm sorry baby boy ! ! ! 
mad as hell right now . 😡 😤 😠 😡 😡 😡 😣 
so much homework , yet so little time . 😔 
someone text me until i k . o please i don't care who you are i'm just extremely bored :( 
great .. now its late and my mind has started to wonder . and now can't get you off my mind . #great #missyou :( 
swear to god that wasn't lie i love my sisters minus nija 😁😁 but real talk it wasn't the same at all 😣 
wishing i had someone by my side right now 😔 💫 
USERNAME thank you megan ! but its just soo hard yah know , it hurts soo bad and i miss him so much ! :( ( 
USERNAME i heard :( . hey how does the joke go where they use the name myra ? 
USERNAME yes 0.o you're lucky yu live on the other side :( 
USERNAME :( you don't want to comfort me ? :o 
no drinks today only pepsi for me 😔 😏 😬 
soo lynese and jermaine . just forgot to text me back v.v 
i don't get what is going on .... okay ? ? ! ! ! 😔 😩😤 😒 USERNAME 
USERNAME aww thats mean :( ( imma go cry now 
why am i thinking of the fucken past #winterfling 💏 fuck you winter n your fucken cuddling weather what the balls 🙅💢 💔 
my ears keep ringing . someone must be talking about me 😧 
USERNAME but didn't say wassup . i gotchu nigga .. 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME seriously ! lol ): i miss your asses . 
USERNAME i seen you last weekend leaving that one plainfield party ! :( 
USERNAME don't say thaat :( i only got 12 days left in va anyway 
it doesn't matter what happened a month ago or how much you broke my heart . i still want you and need you like i've never wanted anyone :( ( 
USERNAME i wish you were here ! ! # :( 
USERNAME please follow mee please babe make my dream come true ! ! ! please </3 
fuck ! i don't wanna go to sleep this early 😭 
i dont wanna go thru this with u if u dont want too .. i feel lost , hurt , &confused :( 
i wish i was going to disney this year for christmas 😔 
USERNAME i guess you do now ! no not really . what's yours then ! ! > :( 
what the frick man :( i always do this to myself ! 
USERNAME you of all people know how i get missy ! blahh i miss you & hate college for taking you from me ! :( 
worst feeling ever is having to drive past the spot where your dog got hit at least twice a day .. #tearupeverytime #imissher :( 
USERNAME homegirl has tonsillitis 😣 . or i would actually consider it . i've been watching it all by myself 
what is love if there is nothing to die for </3 
USERNAME she was still sleeping , then i had to try and wake her up . it broke my heart :( 
magic mike 😦 😦 . more stripping scenes please 😯 😯 😏 
late night craft sesh . USERNAME where you at ? :( #cravecrafts 
USERNAME i can't get yu naturally high if yu give me the chance 😔 😔 😔 😘 👍 😉 
USERNAME USERNAME i was covering ... lots upset people .. no photos :-( 
i hate when the text doesnt send and i think the person i texted ignored it :c 
watching hangover 2 without my girlfriend but im at her house :( USERNAME 
oop rt"USERNAME omg ! the eyebrows d: rt USERNAME what is this ): rt USERNAME lmfao childish URL 
other than losin the game #thathappened 😔 😔 but ttown makes it better . 
idk what to doo .... horrible way to end my horrible saturday :( im going through my depression agian 
always the #designateddriver #dd havent been #drunk in soo long 🍺🍻🍸❌🙅 😞 #savecalor @ congregation ale house URL 
soo everyone's out having fun , partying and shit and i'm stuck home ! #sadtweet 
my tooth mouth hurts and i can't tell if its a tooth or from when i gotta wisdom teeth out but it's killing me right meow . :( 
“USERNAME here's a video of me trying to play 'knights' by USERNAME on a guitar 😣 URL killin it ! nice work man 
USERNAME she gave me a drink made wrong , i told her how to make it right and asked for a new one , she gave me another one made wrong 😖 😣 😒 
who's getting sick , reyna danielle is thats who . ): 
but where is USERNAME to get antonios with at this hour of the night ... :( 
USERNAME i know imiss you beautiful :( thanks for the card and thanks for going love <3 
my mouth hurts and i can't tell if its a tooth or from when i got my wisdom teeth out but it's killing me right meow . :( 
USERNAME people say they like you they usually only know 1 fucking song . ugh 😭 btw going to sleep with this URL 
it's so freaking cold ! i can barely move my fingers :( 
i ate waay too much today .. and i feel so sick ! :( #thissucks #headache #stomachache 
it seems like everyone's having fun tonight except me #fml 
USERNAME :( its not a rumor if its true . 
USERNAME omg . i though i was the only one . 😞 lol . 
the little brother on the last song reminds me of my little brother isaac )) ): 
who's getting sick , reyna danielle is , that's who . ): 
drinking brisk ice tea makes me think about USERNAME :( 🍹 
either USERNAME fell asleep or sucks at answering and left me to cry at this scary show , probs the second one 💁 😭 
our last night together ....... USERNAME #missyoualready #biglittle 😓 😔 😢 😣 😨 #loveyoubig 
# fuck a boyfriend , fuck a boo , shid , fuck it fuck you </3 ! 
i guess it's crying and bed 😔 😭 😩 💔 
nights like this i kinda miss being caked up 😔 
stuffy nose and coughing ? thanks merisa for getting everyone sick ! :( 
someone give a ride to natalie too my house ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ): 
i miss USERNAME :( i told her i wanred to be in her bed tonight ;-) lol #ilovecolonel #iwantdatass 
jack's mannequin tickets are m . i . a ... having a breakdown right now trying to find them :( i will die if i don't find them ! 
dear USERNAME .... i'm sorry jess just ditched you because she's a drunk asshat . :( 
at a time like this ... i miss my USERNAME </3 
i love my boyfrann so fucking much 😔 he truly is my rock he makes a better person 
law and order never fails to make me sad :( 
😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i want tank 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
everyone keeps saying time heals all but every day gets tougher and tougher . 😔 💔 
USERNAME yeah thats what maria said lol maria was paranoid asf . but still i wanted some of that weed :c 
#sometimesiwonder why USERNAME makes me watch depressing ass movies 😒 😔 
USERNAME mhmm gurl preach it . its sad to see how many people are on the bad friends list but its all part of growin up :'( 
but the thing is . there are feelings involved . 😳 😔 
all too well by taylor swift >>>> 😭 😭 😭 😭 
wide awakkee & i have no clue why :( hoping that this warm bath clams my anxiety down & i can pass out . 
didn't get to see my favorite boy tonight ! :( 
USERNAME oh man , i can't have that ! ! :( 
im sickk ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( ( 
' juss got off the phone w/ him <3 , felt good to talk to him , i love him soo much USERNAME but i miss him :( , but gudnitee <3 
i can't sleep 😞 i haven't been up this late in idk how long . 
nobody texted me all day . i felt lonely . :( wah .. 
the shining is on & i dont have the channel )': #sadtweet 
USERNAME you're never going to follow me back . are you ? 😔 
USERNAME ahh i took like a three hour nap today .. that's probably why i'm up 😔 
bad news: he won't be home for thanks giving 😢 
USERNAME i don't know anyone here that can :( ! i wish 
is USERNAME okay ? :( i think my bestfriend is sad :/ 
just got home from an amazing night ! i wish it didn't have to end 💔 
3 pics on thee gram in one day ? ! i feel thirsty 😭 #shrugs #itsbeenagoodone 
i think i got food poisoning . i just wanna lay down , my stomach is hurting like a btc . :( ( 
saw an old homie , she looked caaute ! i missed her so much :c ... USERNAME 
USERNAME my curfew is in 10 minutes ... so i just came home 😔 
why do you do this to me ? i just wish i knew what you want . because if its not me , then just be honest .. 😔 
i feel like ..... :( idk what i feel like 
on this liquor oh so heavy ! ! ! ---i miss my baby :( ( 
finally made it to oberlin . man i'm tired 😞 
my brother has a better car than me now :( lol . the first thing he said was haha URL 
why do i never get any likes on instagram 😔 
i missed the 5th floor girls so much :( #reunited #lovethem 
but i gotta wait on USERNAME to get back :( #omfg . #hurryup . #drivefaster . 
USERNAME it is ! it broke my heart , that was my favorite show . :c 
shalaun smacked my ass hard af today :c it hurt hella bad 
USERNAME USERNAME can you guys come homee already i'm bored in your bed mennanie 😭 
USERNAME i went to the football game friday night and i was hoping that you were gunna be there :( #missyou 
USERNAME whyy ? ! ! ! :( fudge is the business ! ! 
oh ? ! your going too ignore me cause of something so fucking stupid , ? oh alright , fuck it ! 💔 
goodnight friends , tonight was fun , gotta be up at 6 for work tho :( $ 
my brother has a better car than me now :( lol . the first thing he said was haha URL 
fuck you . whore . no more main bitches .. only one . you fucked up . little whore . i hate you more than i hate her . uugh gosh . </3 :'( 
at least my ucla bruins are having a decent season . if i wanna see my cowboys win i need to youtube 90's footage 😞 🏈 
USERNAME sounds like so much fun . wish i could wake up that early on the last day of my weekend and do that . i'm so jealous 😔 
omg i left my phone charger at home do i can't charge my phone :( ( #iphone5probs 
don't go to sleep or he will get you 😧 😖 
if you still get butterflies when you hear/see them ; then you still love them ! fml ! 😁😩 😔 
oh no :( now my car's really gonna have to go into surgery . 
wait scratch that more bad news he has no where to stay at after he's out :( my poor baby 
i just really want to see him 😣 #iwillneverunderstand #missmybf 
oh my gosh ! ! i'm seriously over this night ! fucck ... it was going good now it's not .... wtf ? ! 😒 😞 
good night twitter tired azz hell i aint heard my bae voice all day :( .......... 
fucking ingrown hairs . i am never shaving my face ever again after i get out . lol , jk , i want to have a successful professional job . :( 
wish my boyfriend didn't eat the last bulkie roll because i could really go for a turkey and cheese sandwich :( 
take me back ..... 😔 #waltdisneyworld #orlando #florida ❤ URL 
7:00 a . m . is going to come wayy too soon 😞 😔 😭 😢 😴 😐 👎⛅ #notajoke 
USERNAME does fucking feel like it ! guess who was there for me tonight ? not you ... guess who's there for me every night ! ! not you ! :'( 
super sick , i can barely move but i dont want to wake up my dad to help me get my medicine from my car :( 
seeing how close my mom and aunt are makes me wish i had a sister 😔 
USERNAME i am just no t.t o play halo . 
i didnt get any messages again , and i thought you feel asleep :( USERNAME 
i’m not going to lie . i’m dead tired but i can’t fall asleep . 😔 
wonder if USERNAME is still mad at me . #iapologized #sorrystoop :( 
i really don't think i can trust you ... so many mixed fucking signals and red warning signs ! but i really don't want to give up on you 😞 
USERNAME no :( around christmas i'll be there for like a week ! 
lol @ me for running into my hs boyfriend at the bar i'm at #fml 
fuck twitter & ig are dead .. & i am bored af & not sure what's going on ... #fml #loserstatus 
USERNAME i'm your biggest fan and you ignore me #sadtweet 
gonna cuddle with my princess . i think she's sick :( night night 
USERNAME ahh really ? 😞 and pretty legit . love it here . so much better than that place . 😁😁😁😁 
someday , i hope you know how i really feel about you & whatever happens , we can still be good friends :( 
today's been so shitty i'm just gonna go to bed 😭 
USERNAME it's seems like we're not even best friend's anymore ! :'( it seems like you couldn't care less about me ! :'( 
denny's virgin . there is a two limit slam per slammy 😭 @ denny's URL 
USERNAME im having a bad night . make it better by retweeting me or replying ? :( thank you . 
played dance central for 4 hrs straight n beat the game .... now my knees hurt . :{ 
USERNAME :( i know i was dying to go black friday shopping with you up there because all the stores down here are terrible #forreal 
i'm waay too tired .. bless my heart . 😔 
USERNAME i had that i had to buy a flash drive :( 
USERNAME ; 😧 , don’t forget my bday & i’ll help remind you . lol . i’ll tweet you errydayy 😬☝ 
USERNAME me too :c but ill be broke if i do ~.~ 
this pain in my mouth is killing me i guess i wont get no sleep :( 
dam want her stomach but i must resist txtn her > :( 
my show collection is getting a little overwhelming . i think i'm considered a shoe hoarder 😦 
im glad he got a job bt wat sucks is dat he works on my b-day 😔 💔 #sad #ugh #bummer #badluck 
i have soo many in my new room and in my old room ): 
USERNAME i know :( you'll get to meet lane then though ! hopefully before that though ? ! 
USERNAME shit face is who was here for me tonight ! i sat on the phone and cried to him ! and he cried with me ! i'm just a fuck up ! :'( 
i can't even eat once i start thinking about you .. :/ #fml #imissyousoomuch 
another good night in cbus , hate to leave ! ! :( 
im goin to bed fr i done got n my bed alone :-( ... ooh well 
i want a guy with nice hair , sadly if its too nice then he'll probably be gay . my #pathtoheartache </3 
USERNAME love you nay ! i came home to bring you your jacket but forgot it in my car again :( 
it's 1:45 .... and no one is awake 👎 😔 
is it weird that i get jealous when my dog lays with other people and not me :( #sadtweet #babycomeback 
didn't even get to see my baby USERNAME today :( 
USERNAME i am sorry ! this paper is important :( 
USERNAME USERNAME you aren't denying you called us fat so you called us fat ! meanie poopy face ! ! ! 💔 💔 
USERNAME i can't :( this windows phone doesn't have that app ! 
my baby girl and me are freezing tonight :( i hate cold nights and thin blankets ! ! 
USERNAME my dad does when i try to tell him a fun anecdote :( 
USERNAME kinda bummed :( your roxy show in l . a is 21+ .. we are so close . 40 minutes away . 
USERNAME honestly do you know the definition of hate ? cuz that doesn't start to show the feeling i have for you . jerk :'( 
i'm drunk but i'd thought i'd be gone . 😔 . 
i'm sorry for these feelings . all i want is help .. 💔 
so all this week ill be on the sales floor , i love being a cashier . 😐 💔 
i learned my lesson the hard way tbh . :-( 
i’ve had my #goprohero3 for a few days now & if it weren’t for me being sick as hell my videos would already be up - :-( … USERNAME 
when you like a super gorgeous cute guy then find out #hesgay , you pretty much want to die #girlprobs #needarealman </3 
don't wanna leave san marcos tomorrow . at all .... 😔 
still hungry . mostly bc i threw up my eggs and bacon :( #wah 
USERNAME sorry bro :( i would suggest getting on black friday for cheap if money is tight ? also did you bring your xbox with you to odu ? 
i never knew love , would hurt this fucking bad 😔 
i have all kinds of tests this week ! 😣 
jesse is dropped his stupid drink on me > :( 
what if i make the same mistakes and and and :( 
there is already a harry ebooks it hasnt update in forever rip :( 
just got out of work; sadly i have to be up tomorrow at 7am for a meeting at ax😫 😭 damn you black friday ! ! 
i miss those random days when USERNAME would spoil me with starbucks 💔 
i'm so tired . & my nose is so stuffed up . 😔 
USERNAME i know ! i miss you too ! ! :( 
36 hrs without sleep .... 24 more hours to come . #fml 
i asked komradz for her number , and totally got rejected . 😭 😭 😭 👎 
i'm done . i'm done . i'm done . #igiveup #fml 
wish someone could call or text me till i can fall asleep 😔 
dam i still cant face the the fact on what happen on friday :( 
USERNAME i hope your pup is doing okay ! :-( 
my wellbutrin has me geeked but all i wanna do is sleep :-( 
sleep is difficult without USERNAME by my side :( tu me manques 
well i feel like i am just too close to love you ... there is nothing i can really say . i won't cry no more , got to be true to myself . ❤ 😢 😴 
when USERNAME calls you wince wanting to go out for taco bell .. i'm at home ! ! #sadtweet #sorrynotsorry 😣 
USERNAME little ! ! wake up and love me :( 
USERNAME well i was in sioux city coming home from sioux falls and i just wanted to get home :( 
instead of laying in bed , i'm gonna do some late night squats . #imweird #rarefemale 😔 
why tf am i awakee ? ! #workinthemorning #fml #gunnasuck 
im sick of you callin' me that ! lol :( 
thinking bout going to play rockband down in the basement ... all alone #loner 😔 
USERNAME mccains :( miss ur face . i have mon tues fri sat sun off ! ! ! lets hang out 
never had worse tummy pains in my life :( #ouch #justwannasleep 
USERNAME i'm having trouble connecting to you . look at my last tweets :( 
☹ rt USERNAME which is more successful dick or ass ? URL 
aww ! !USERNAME fell asleep in my parents room :( #loner 
if i was drunk right now>>>>> ! too bad tho 😔 
when your in the bed and you are wondering who's gonna turn off the light ... 😞 
#staystrongjustin it must suck to lose your girlfriend even though you will never have to worry about money ever again :( we feel u 
i want arroz con leche right now :( sounds so bomb 
USERNAME omg oww :( i hope it heals really soon ! 
USERNAME USERNAME that depressing moment when USERNAME isnt even following USERNAME anymore ... #sad #gonnacry #depressing :( 
liat dehh , justin mukanya kaya sedih bangett :( #staystrongjustin #missionhappybieber <3 URL 
ugh miley reminds me so much of myself in this movie because of the way she is with her dad ): 
i'm not going back to sleep ... 💔 💔 💔 💔 
fell asleep at 10 & now i'm awake ? cool jenna 😔 
stayin up late & tlkin abt how much we miss last year :( USERNAME 
wen t.t o club single bad choice sometimes but what could u do your single , emotionless feelings .(could be a weapon for mass destruction) 
finally home , sleepy time 😴 work in the morning 😭 
USERNAME i can't tell you how many irresponsible things i did on that road in high school , but they never involved a deer ! ! ! :[ 
i got this really strong feeling . d8 i really miss my boyfraan . :c 
fuck dude , this is some fucking bullshit ! i need someone to fucking talk to :'( 
USERNAME she didn't even say it back wow truely hurt 😞 #sighnevasatisfied 
movies at the theaters haven't been the same since the #tdkr :( 
USERNAME samee :( i'm so pissed you have no idea 
wish i could have spent the weekend with #oomf . :-( 
i have so much hw n i havnt even started it :( 
oomf has the dopest swag , but face wise .. :( 
my life would be over if my daddy got cancer . this movie just got so sad ☹ 
why do i feel like i'm just getting my hopes up again ? </3 
ihad my house mother get the roach . lol :( 
USERNAME we got caught :( but i will rape his ass if he block me 
😭 😭 😭 if you change your mind USERNAME and i are in the community kitchen 👍 
USERNAME USERNAME you guys went home without me :( #lonelytweet 
i don't wanna walk the lights this year alone ... 😔 #sadtweet 
movies at the theaters haven't been the same since the #tdkr :( #nohype 
i just want to go to sleep && forget bout everything , but i'm thinking way to much && can't sleep ): 
sad for life <|3 forever alone . haha i'll be home tomorrow ! ! rt USERNAME i miss my partner in crime USERNAME :( 
would really love someone to cuddle right now 😞 #cold #lonely #wheresmycat 
who has my senior sweatshirt ? ! ? ! ? 😩 😭 
i've been trying for way to long .. so tired . so done ... just way to exhausting .. years & years of the same thing . can't take it anymore . 😞 
USERNAME i forgot you were leaving 😢 when is your last day in eugene ? sad day . 
wait , now he just said peace ... does this mean we're not talking anymore .... ) ): 
literally have ten blankets on my bed right meow . 😿 ❄ 😨 #freezingmytitsoff 
i feel like i haven't seen shawn in forever #sadtweet 
it's gonna suck going to work in 6 hours ... #fml 
i'll have to wait to take a bath ... :( 
launch your assault now ! take it eassayy ! 😭 🙌 
i need to be sleeping omg i have so much homework tomorrow :( 
dammit is needed a ride to corvallis this weekend 😔 
USERNAME i can't swim , i just sink . absolutely petrified of water :-( . aqua-phobia sucks 
yeah i'm sure my heart wants to miss u but am gonna do the impossible to not let any of that happen </3 #heart 
USERNAME it's hard to , you turned me down :( 
ow my throat hurts :( i just want to breath steam 
i forgot about this message from earlier in the morning; but work has been getting in my personal time . 😔 😿 💔 having 2 jobs is craay . 
ow my throat hurts :( i just want to breathe steam 
USERNAME USERNAME oh but i'm not cool :( i see how it is lol 
why is my industrial bar bleeding ? ! 😫 😢 #fack 
i think the cause of my jaw problems is my wisdom teeth growing in #great 😬 😞 👎 
USERNAME i do tho .. yu just neva give me the chance 😔 
USERNAME heheh darn :'( and not anymore , we have something else planned 
USERNAME noo i always cry at the part when the little brother is crying )) ): 
:( rt USERNAME damn , he was only cute from an angle . 
i forgot about this message from earlier in the morning; but work has been getting in my personal time . 😔 😿 💔 . URL 
wen i hear u got it bad by usher- i think about my ex :( 
omfg ! the premiere is toomarrow . i forgot . im guunna be soo hungd over . :( ((((((( 
when USERNAME doesn't follow me back . #thatsthatshitidontlike . 😭 
USERNAME i know :( i would tell you what happened , but its too long 
USERNAME a buzz is a terrible thing to lose :-( 
and now my dad is snoring like a freight train #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME it's true it's true because he's awake he answered mimicking me 😭 
USERNAME i want to go to america so badly :( 
it's 3:00 am , and mt ratchet ass is still awake #no #fml #thankgodwedonthaveschooltommorw 
god i miss this time of year in restaurants . i need a #serving job again :( 
USERNAME i want too ! you come to denver ! i'm sitting in my house all alone ... like i do every night ! nobody wants to party :( . 
6-9 months .... gone one way or another . :'( #moving #marinecorps #alottomiss . 
USERNAME aww poor maria :'( it's okay we all have a crush who has a gf #tear #ifuknowwhatimsayin #sadlyfe 
damn shawt left me up all by myself 😔 😪 USERNAME 
i'd like to go to sleep sometime soon . its be reaally nice if my foot wasn't still bleeding . #fuckmylife 
working at a bar isn't so bad , except i have to take a cab home . :( 
it sucks to realize , but i cant come anywhere near cats anymore . too bad my house has 3. my room is the only safe place #depressing #lovethem 
i don't think ill ever feel the same without you 💔 
): i hate not being with you . its so different , cause nobody can get to me like you ... #iloveyou 
isn't fiber supposed to let you go easier ? been eating a lot of bread . :( #pooptweet 
i haven't talked to my best friend for 2 days ): where you at ma niggy ? ? 
USERNAME URL by tweeting this ! 😨 😲 😞 🙈👎 
rip sally ! i was your first and i will always be your last ! 😥 😢 👼💨💨 URL 
house full of sick people ! i probably should make a run for it uhh like by tomorrow 😦 
USERNAME yeah well next time i'm not saying no ! cause im regretting it now :'( 
USERNAME i'm not really fun to club with cus i don't dance :( 
so i lost i bet today , i thought laslo from toy story 3 was like red/dark pinkish but i was wrong . 😞 
USERNAME i have to sign a paper saying i won't snowboard for my cheer ! so stupid :( 
USERNAME me two jk niall can u inbox me tomorrow plz . i really need someone tio talk to . plz ♥ xx :'( 
i literally just sat at my computer while watching tv and playing on my phone all day lol 😔 
USERNAME i work 😔 what about monday ! ? ? 
i can't get up and get some cos i'll get yelled at :c 
i miss my boyfriend like crazy :( 2 more long ass days till i get to see him 
i'm grateful & i'm blessed to have a hard working man in my life . but i wish he didn't work grave shift :-( 
boy i miss you so bad so so bad :( 
USERNAME emotional instability is so in but life is still so hard tho :-( 
drinking a #3pack of #budlight , all i found in my fridge . #fuckit #loner 😔 😥 🍺 
it's 3 in the morning & i'm sending this txt , i tried to call but i just can't dial 😁 😔 
where's his hookups when i actually need one ? ): 
last time i saw her was on may 15 for my grandma birthday party :( after that ian see her no more >> next month ( june 5, she was gone mane 
USERNAME no ! haha i went bowling and kicked some ass . tell katie im sorry i couldn't make her night perfect tonight :( 
he really just made my stomach hurt lbvvs :( ( 
what time is it where you are , like 10 am ? if so , why aren't you posting more > :c 
USERNAME lol .. well i didn't want to weird you out :( 
he just woke me up then went to take his friend home goddammit 😒 😔 😕 😔 
USERNAME she decided to take a vacation , but she will be back 😥 😰 
USERNAME really miss you . where are you ? :( need my cuddle boyy <3 
peter getting uncle bens last voicemail reminded me i lost my last one from my grandma :( #amazingspiderman 
being an alabama fan while living in texas when they lost to texas a&m tonight <<<<< fml . 😔 👎 😱 😫 😭 
USERNAME soo .. you arent chilling with us to lay in bed ? 😞 
wtf man his poop is like half his size :c 
USERNAME USERNAME what time is it where you are , like 10 am ? if so , why aren't you posting more > :c 
how am i going to tell the little guys no more oomf ? :( 
dang dawg , i'm hecka aggro i couldn't get my 150 first win ip today caus , i couldn't get online :'( 
USERNAME i was legit just watching that . it just ended ! omg , i miss those fired up/aladdin times ): 
USERNAME oh u want me2 unfollow u ): & becca quoted u so i went to see who u were & i was like (x 
i wish my room was closer to my moms :/ i'm all alone :( 
my tummy has been sick all day hope i feel better in the am 😔 
USERNAME its so good ! she is friggen adorable . i just want to hold her hand , call her nice names , and talk about we feel :( 
fuck . now i'm gonna be up thinkin . 😕 😣 
being tired but not being able to fall asleep . 😔 
great way to end my night by having a deer run into it and smash the whole left side #fuckmylife #seriously 😢 
USERNAME awe nuts ! i work at night 😔 👎 
noo you can't tell him to leave you were so good together 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
get it ! cuz fucking ... ours outta funnies :( 
smack/ url presents hitman holla vs ayeverb (full battle ): URL via USERNAME that's how we do it in da lou .... ballgame ! ! ! 
USERNAME nite boo tc . plz inbox me tomorrow ok . i really need u . miss u boo hug and a goodnight kiss for u love u boo bear xxoo :'( 
i miss last year . i miss ashley ... ): 
USERNAME yeah the crowd was not the same and i felt old :( . too many tiny boppers 
my moods right now: fiesty sad weird 😔 😏 😐 
rt USERNAME happy sunday lol - sharapova vs . kvitová, šafářová- prague exhibition (full match ): URL 
USERNAME USERNAME juan , you can't tweet at me i'm mad at you for switching science classes ): 
i want to sleep in my big bed . :( 
USERNAME baby are you okay ? 😢 😔 i just woke up and read your tweets :( ( 
somebody text me . i need someone to talk to while i'm up all night . #foreveralone #longday #sickgirlproblems #sadtweet 
so ,, facebook's down for maintenence or some shit , all's i wanna do is message my boo , USERNAME . but facebook won't let me </3 
:( my bakk hurts too muchh wissh too stay in bed all day tomorow . 
where's my heater 😢 i could really use it right now 
this movie is making me cry like a baby :( :'( 
USERNAME well , it's on break til next summer . basically they split up final/5th season into 2 parts—torture . :( URL 
when my mom was going thru hell with her back pains there was nothing either of us could do , felt useless just standing there while she hurt 😞 
at the hospital ... i hope my baby sissy will be ok 😞 😔 😢 😥 😟 
one . crazy . ass . night . freaking got pulled over and the game warden made me pour out my whole case of beer :( ( #bitches #18pack # :( 
i think my sunday funday calls out for an intense workout in the gym ! #2daystoolong :( 
i wish i had her right beside me right now . 😣 
USERNAME i'm so bored , sad and tired yet i can't sleep :( 
going back to the mall soon . got the wrong size pants . i'm getting taller :( already too tall 
:( had ulysses on the phone when i walked to my apartment #scared 
i miss my love . 💛 💜 💙 💚 ❤ ... 💔 👎 
USERNAME USERNAME yall coulda save me some u kno im stuck at work :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah , that asshole has missed us 3 times now . not cool . :( <\3 
love how my roommate go home every single weekend .. sleeping in a creepy dorm all alone :( #scared #goodfriends USERNAME USERNAME 
when the dad has to say by to his son <<<<<< im literally in tears rn wow ): 
USERNAME i just want it up to my shouldersbut i might regret it 😣 ahh i know , i'm alwaysmessing w . my hair either dying or bleaching it 😓 
soo someone just told me i'm just iight looking in guys eyes . :( my self esteem just drifted down ! ! ! :'( 
study , shamrock , study , study , study .... 📝📖 😣 😖 
USERNAME i miss you hunny ! you haven't followed me on you're new account yet :( #columbusohio i won the xbox kinney remember ! xoxo 
it is cold outside , new to amputate my toes 😣 😷 😯 😲 ❄❄❄⛄⛄⛄ 
USERNAME USERNAME i think he went to sleep . he'll have to follow us another day :( . 
cause i know there's no life after you 😔 #np 
i think it was warming at the uw game than it is in my own house . 😣 ❄❄❄ 
USERNAME why are you so beefy on twitter bro ... :( 
USERNAME i miss you :( (( let's hang out soon , please ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME uhh you're mind fucking the shit outta me ... 🙉💫 😧 
the dream i just had<<< #scared #freakedout can't go back to sleep 😥 
USERNAME damn , i hope i have cheese cause im up 96 almost to the crib . :-( 
USERNAME god i'm still babysitting :( i'm tired bitches where's ma monaayy 💵💵💵💵💵 
USERNAME i'm sorry you had to find out this way 😔 
i always sleep with scruff behind me so it feels like i'm being cuddled #lonelytweet 😔 
i totally forgot i was doing my laundry . 😔 
going for a drive at 2:14 lots on my mind 😔 
why will no one cuddle with me and USERNAME 😔 😔 😔 😔 😩 😢 😢 😢 
way old . red hair . one lip piercing . lol oh god i miss my hair </3 URL 
good freakin night . i gotta wakeup early tomorrow 😣 
i am in love with dana's voice :( (((((((( i love your voice can i have it ? :( ( USERNAME 
0 treez 4 me = zero z's 4 me . 😔 
my needs is snoring like so much 😭 😳 😳 😳 😩😩😩😩😩😩 
i see so many people come and go with this job .. i miss all the originals and all my friends :( i'd stay there forever with all of them ! 
why has it been soo long since i've seen USERNAME ? ! 😒 😔 
USERNAME :( we gotta match one when i get home then 
USERNAME woah same here .. my throat is bothering me a lot .. :( 
the fact that i just admitted my best friend into the hospital .<<< 😥 😷 USERNAME 
USERNAME she loves him more then me hannah 😭 😭 
it is 50 degrees in our house ! ! ! ! luckily i have a heater in my room but that just means i can't leave it ! #freezing #coldtoiletseat 😧 
USERNAME ok this might sound weird but do you happen to live in the us ? because all the awesome guys on twitter live in the uk :( 
i was so bad this last week with the gym :( #ahh 
USERNAME i really miss you hanner i feel like we haven't had quality time in a long time 😿 
shame that the girls that are the best for me , i'm shy to tell and the girls that ain't no good for me always get to me 😔 😔 😔 
what a night holy shit i just wanna sleep 😳 😣 😴 😵 #whendoesitend 
omfg you people do not understand how much letting your huge cuts heal with no medical attention hurts .. just smacked my thumb and ouch ! :'( 
USERNAME i miss you too sunshine . we really haven't ): 
USERNAME cause you dragged and i wanted food 😳 sorry for my fatass ways :( which i want details about ! 
if not i'm not , i'm not getting the iphone :( 
USERNAME idk ... i hope so too . she's in a lot of pain ! :( ( 
my hearts not broken by any means but i really should have listened to the guy who has always had my back 😞 
i got really sick idk how but my stomach has been in swirls and i even came back home earlier than my lame curfew because i felt terrible :( 
USERNAME what the heck , really ? well , can you resend it , i obvi didnt get it ): 
scary movie at 3 in the morning= #badidea #scaredshitless #holyhell #fuckthisshit #timeforsomethingfunny 😖 😵 😦 🙈 
i think i'm gonna go to church sunday , i miss northridge :( 
USERNAME bet . she hates me . but you left pumba and periwinkle . ): she kept them lol o.0 
me and USERNAME are bored , someone save us ! ! :( 
:( < if you moved on you wouldn't be tripin if you didn't care you wouldn't be asking hmm catching feelings ? 
even doe oomf has a girl i liked him first and it kills me :( 
USERNAME i feel bad now ! ! ! ! :( ! 
“USERNAME omg im going to kill you stahp it USERNAME sorry 😔 
USERNAME still not happy about it ! ! ! :( 
all i've wanted i'd my boyfriend and be hasn't even been stan me ... smh . 😞 
mann my stomachh hurtz :( it suckss ass mo'fo ! 
USERNAME where the fucck are you ? ? ! imy :( ( 
gonna work tomorrow at 5 in tha morninnq & still not asleep (/.\) #fml 
nice to know all my predictions came out right except the hominy/afton game .. 😞 
USERNAME aww shit lol , i am drunk 😏 😔 🍺🍻 
please dont judge me , i wont judge cause it can get ugly before it gets beautiful . </3 
USERNAME they do . hell , i do . lol . i know i do :( yet i always go for the sleeze and end up unhappier than before . ugh 
USERNAME nothing , waiting for shacara to cook my dinner > :[ 
USERNAME hahhaa shut up :( i need to tone up and gain back my muscles before our photoshoot ! 😭 lol 
brought my fatherinlaw to the er , gonna be a long night :( 
besame espectacular , besame hazlo ahora ! ! aparecete , baila conmigo :( 
late at night when all the world is sleeping , i stay up and think of you . and i wish on a star , that somewhere you are thinking of me too </3 
leason learned ! never put lotion minutes before wearing heels :( 
she called me ugly :( …… but you wanna watch my movie doee 
top comment on youtube . i'd like to thank all my fans , my supporters , my family , my entourage(s ): URL 
USERNAME vida pé no inexistente saco . mata pra mim , nina ? :( 
ugh where's my bestie USERNAME when i need him ? :( 
omg this describes my weekends perfectly :( #confessionnight #loser #sigh URL 
USERNAME yeah . lets just let your friends walk home . 😿 
yeah i am mad at you and yes i am hurt . guess i'm nothing ... 😔 
USERNAME lol oh yea . i knew it was too ! all them niggas is football players lol ! and mhm i told em y'all was done for the night 😔 
USERNAME im sorry :[ i forgot , we can go to the next one together 
USERNAME when mybestfriend from school and bestfriends from home find eachother at a uri party and i'm not there 💔 ” i wish you were ): 
USERNAME i'm terrific , and i'm jewish ! but i'm in boston :( 
i am all full of mud ... and so is my car #fml 
USERNAME blechh you better ... in the time it took us to have this convo we could have been asleep by now :( 
my mom is going to work at 6, & i'm still awake . 👿 😞 
my tummy has been hurting the last 3 days :c 
USERNAME i called you , whyy you no answer :( . hope you're alright . 
USERNAME is making people think harry potter at penis 😭 😭 😭 😭 rude 
not feeling to well .... ): my stomach ... is really hurting me .. )": idk how ima make it through church in the morning .... 
laying down ass naked in the bed horny asf ! 😧 
i remember the good days when i didn't revolve my life around studying . 😔 
wish he didn't have to go up the road ! 😔 
she makes me feel like ^_&)(-&* :( )#&) ! 9_# 
i liked you because you were different . i could be myself around you , and you liked me for me . what happened ? </3 
for stood up 😔 that sucks . even if it is only a friend 
this is the funniest part of the whole show 😢 
oh and USERNAME camera is horrible . bad scenery pictures make me sad . :( ( 
USERNAME yep and a few people may not be happy since i was working on their last montage they wanted before bo2 :( 
wow the tears work . you got an investor 👌 😭 
USERNAME you did the without me and alice 😢 😭 😥 😩💀👎 
USERNAME my babe :( broken jaw head cracked open and busted lip .. 😪 are you home yet 
eyes are swollen , horrible headache , can't sleep . didn't want to ! i wanted to stay strong but couldn't :'( #xanax 
USERNAME i was out there tonight ! i'm sad i didn't see you 😔 
USERNAME fack . i was gonna join team yakima , but my mama said there's one in wapato & it's closer & blah , blah . :( 
i'll never be your mother's favorite . your daddy can't even look me in the eye USERNAME te extrañe para cantarla :( 
daddys in hospital 💔 whaat else could possibly go wrong 😔 🚫 
ughh , they’re gonna get caught . :( nosey mother in law . 
really missing #oomf . . . guesd they didnt see my fb . messages :( ( 
why don't i listen to my gf more often . now i have all this hw piled up . #fml 
😔 😢 (at california king bed <3 ) [pic] — URL 
all of my bills have my name wrong > :( 
i'm honestly soo overtired its making me the biggest bitch ever and just wantif to cry for no reason 😔 😣 😴 
USERNAME same here ! ! all of the ppl that i was talking to have gone to sleep 😔 
USERNAME really ? but you are like 17 dude ! i'm 19 ! i'm a low life :( 
i am just so , ugh ! is that a feeling ? 😔 
long fuckin day . i need get over this cold :( 
USERNAME rude ! you just called me a bitch ): 
i wanna reply but idk what to say ? so im just not going to 👍 😔 
i thought my niece was gone be 5 forever . she a senior now :( lol 
i looked like shit tonight , i always do when some event happens 😞 
no one will understand how much i miss lauriane 😢 💜 
USERNAME awhh .. boo im sry . me to hun :( 
my pain is a lot more deeper then i thought #somethingsyoujustcantforget fuk that tho i know am letting it go slowly but surely ! ; ): ( 
twitter lame af tonight . &everyone in they feelings ! so much for a good night .. aww . :( 
oh no i lost a follower .... #followercomeback ! :'( 
i need too pee , but i'm too lazy too get up . plus everyone's asleep and i'm noisy 😞 
i hate he had to leave like that . 😥 
girls on there' period plz stay home , don't come to parties , it's only a week and few days , don't be thirty to giddy up & running man 😔 😷 
theres so many pretty girls , im just so ugly 😭 
that was me last week 😢 rt USERNAME : fuck just knocked over my free drink ... -___- #karma 
i feel a sharp pain every time i laugh :( ouch .. 
if she already do then that mean i just ain't got no game :( 
that lie is just going to get bigger . i'm scared of how i'm going to have to tell you the truth . 😥 😰 😔 
i can't fall back to sleep :-( . talk to me 
USERNAME really missing you this weekend ! ! ! don't ever leave me again :( also been very productive about done with last essay #3morepar 
i would send her a sweet message to wake up to , but it want even be worth it 😔 
i just wan to buy a one way ticket to cali . 😞 
USERNAME d: whenever i take my jacket off in a class , i leave it there ... if it wasn't there afterwards , you might be out of luck :( 
anyone want to cuddle ? ? ? ? no ? well looks like it's only me 😥 
USERNAME i think your phone died . i hope raisin canes is majestical ! #calledyou4times :( #nexttime 
all my friends are asleep on the east coast #westcoastproblems 😔 
i wish i could fall asleep at a reasonable hour :( 
been chewing this gum to long , it gave me a headache :( 
USERNAME aww that's so sad :( why can't you ? ! ? ! ? 
never try & do an all nighter over ya grandparents house #moodkilla #dead :-( 
zero tolerance for bull shit ! ! ! 😳 😔 
never felt so low , what can i do #sadtweet #lost 
USERNAME my sister broke her arm :( can you wish her well please it would mean the world she's in much pain . your probably busy :/ 
USERNAME USERNAME okay ! we miss you too nigga :( are you visiting soon ? ! 
dis taco bell gone have me on da shitter doe 😔 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME my sister broke her arm :( can you wish her well please it would mean the world she's in much pain . your probably busy :/ 
USERNAME i'm glad i got to see your little ass nigga . even tho it was only for a second . i missed you </3 
USERNAME ahh boo :( ... but its ok as long as ur happy & making the right decisions 👍 
iphone don't so this to me . i'm so sorry . 😭 
i don't know why i keep lying to myself . i'm not happy at all 😔 
clocked out at 60 hrs and i still have tomorrow to finish off the work week . who's drinking with me after work tmrw .... seriously 😣 
don't tell me what to do , .. but i can't . 😔 
im on pluto and i dont have a ride back to earth #fml 
USERNAME yea got madden sorry ive been busy all night :( 
USERNAME seriously ? ! :o haha its in dec 7th . idk of its sold out though ): 
#mention20goodlookingpeopleontwitter fuck i can't tag myself in a tweet 😔 
USERNAME go to the gym ! ! ! ! ! but i'm sick :( ( 
i want to but my mom is saying no .. :'( 
and then i look dumb because she won't answer me 😣 
she got me stayin up to 5 in the morning thinking bout her/us .. </3 USERNAME 
USERNAME not to be a debbie downer but sounds depressing 😥 😥 it's ok i am doing the same lol but a different book 
USERNAME dude i'm down . i just dont have shoes :( 
so who's goin on a hospital trip tomorrow . this girl right here 😷 😭 👎 
USERNAME aww man i shoulda spoke then :( & yeaa ! i had started cryn ' 
i hope all my indianapolis friends are safe from the awful explosion :( 
i miss going to the titty bar .. i want my bands to make her dance ... 😔 
USERNAME i wish we could ! :( #bestboyfriendawards go to both of them ! <3 #lovelovelove 
what tay and i think abour when we hear sirens :-( 
USERNAME i went to sleep earlier but i just woke up again ! :( 
time for sleep ! back to work in ... oh right , three hours . so , time for nap . :( 
the fact that my mind is in two different places right now < 😫 #fml #stressed #goodnight 
USERNAME i did like a few months ago . f then i started againsnn :( 
if someone texted me goodnight , my life would be complete -.- but no . :( 
USERNAME it's on december 6. imma be sad if you don't make it :( 
USERNAME my sister broke her arm :( can you wish her well please it would mean the world she's in much pain . your probably busy :/ 
USERNAME hahah it's all goody . i'm not with anyone who has a whip right now but 😔 😠 👎 
wearing his pj's . #currently #missingmybf 😔 😒 💔 URL 
USERNAME i know someone who does this . and he's destroying himself . it's so most sad thing to watch . it comes out in rage ... </3 i just 
USERNAME my sister broke her arm :( can you wish her well please it would mean the world she's in much pain . your probably busy :/ 
USERNAME yea now u know what i'm talking i was dying omg 😫😫😩😩😫😩 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i knoww ! ! too fast ! ! :( 
why am i still up ? ! oh yeah i hate being in bed without USERNAME :( it's cold #nahhnight 
why the f did i have to see him tonite ? :| #fml 
USERNAME my sister broke her arm :( can you wish her well please it would mean the world she's in much pain . your probably busy :/ 
i'm in a house full of all of my best friends ... minus taylor :( 
dammit , where's USERNAME and his sweet stache when i can't stop crying . :( 
he sleeps ! i can't so i USERNAME lol . normally i am always first to fall asleep ! 😔 👎💤 
it's not a typical saturday night if i don't have my usually meltdown ... :( #nomorealcohol #ever 
i'm not a good friend and i let you hurt yourself repeatedly . i'm not a good friend if i tell the painful truth . i'm just not gonna talk . 😒 😔 
only because USERNAME is the meanest and put me off the couch :'( 
some head would be right btw tired af at work 😔 been here since 9 
love you two , miss you guys 😔 😩 USERNAME USERNAME @ batcave URL 
my tv speaking in spanish again <<< & the remote batteries dead #fml 
USERNAME izzy army you forgetting sumthinng . ? ? ? :( 
USERNAME chi con onl ko ? em cbi di ngu :( 
USERNAME couldn't get a good one 😔 miss you friend . why are you awake ? don't you have work in like 2 hours ? ! 
wish i had someone to keep me company tonight :( ( 
USERNAME im cold , i need a massage and i miss you like crazy and i hate being jelly ! i need you baby ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME thanks fatom i wish u were with us 💔 
USERNAME :( i'm torn , but i think i'll just hold off on it 
i'm so sick of being depressed , this needs to change . # 😞 
USERNAME i'm really sorry ! that sucks :( i'm just a night owl . bahahah . 
USERNAME i sleep so long tho :( that means i'm gonna die ! noo ! 
i just want to feel good for once . if this is the flu it can go kill itself and leave me alone . so sick :( unreal . 
in a romantic mood i guess , wish i had somebody to cuddle with 😕 😞 
USERNAME you were supposed to follow me back ! 😔 
my feet hurt like shit , yo ' ! :( 
me sleeping with a sweater on ? yup that how fucking cold it is in my house 😟 😦 
those sad commercial you hit the mute button or change the channel . shit get to me 😢 
damn so i'm locked out with nothing to do and it's freezing outside 😔 😠 
USERNAME when i saw u not moving , i'm like he gone stop 😧 😯 he kept going . & kept going ! i had to ask delirious dose he get it yet 
USERNAME chua , moi co ban quay trong rap thoi ma xau lam :( 
USERNAME oh my gosh . i'm so sorry :( i have poly cystic ovary syndrome so there is a good chance i can't either but i can't even imagine 
USERNAME noo i'm missing it :( i wanted to sleep with you tonight . 
USERNAME losing yours ? i gave it to you . and i gave you a cute ass picture too :( 
guess i'm gonna be staying up all night trying to finish this project 😭 😞 
no sleep happening tonight . my relationship is crumbling because of our career choices . there's literally no other options . </3 
USERNAME i snap chatted you ...... and i got nothing back . 😔 
i hate not being mexican enough .. everyone makes fun of me :( 
lol it's alright don't text back .. it's not like i wanted to text you anywayss :( 
USERNAME 👐 i did my best to give you one 😔 
sna mkauwi n ng val m2ya :/ i miss my friends ! my boyfriend ! :( ( 
i wanna move far far far far far away and never come back 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😭 
USERNAME miss you too ! but now ur a cali gurl and ima new yorker ... :( i need ur help on the crosswords (they're really hard). 
USERNAME i don't know . :( all i know is that they can't join the military hah . 
can someone pay to get my car back ... ? 😥 😩 #brokeasfuck 💸 
USERNAME well where were you ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 😭 
USERNAME it breaks my heart so much when i see USERNAME sad and emotional i feel emotional my #jelena broke up #depressing &sad 
goodnight hope i dnt wake up with a hang over :( 
you hurt my feelings . 😞 rt USERNAME USERNAME aww 
when you watch tv & it's something really good . commercial appears & takes so long that when your show returns , there's only 2 min left 😭 
i wanna go snowboarding on monday so bad but it's going to be packed :( 
wnt even call 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME i know , but i tried not too :c 
nothing will ever be the same , not anymore :( 
USERNAME to bad were lame and dont get parties v.v lol 
i regret not going to see USERNAME when he was in albuquerque , nm :( 
i miss the night #teamblakedugan was trending on twitter :( 
USERNAME thank you ! i hope it's that & nothing else ! :( 
USERNAME it's super late boo ! we still here :( 
just chilling in auburn with USERNAME #tex #gustin . all were missing is USERNAME :( 
for the past 5 hours , i've done homework on my dad's pc , reminding me why i hate pc's ! miss my mac already :( 
USERNAME hey , uh thanks for all the updates and pictures 😔 
dudee ! where tf are my hot cheetto's :c c 
USERNAME to a select group of people that i don't particularly care for . you say mean things behind people's backs :( 
since my daddy's been in the hospital this has been my bestfriend . 😔 URL 
just getting in ... had a great night . peace 😔 😴💤 
i should go to bed ... but i'm stressed out with myself . i never get what i really want 😭 
i was with her most of the day but i miss her :( 
why is USERNAME not here raging with us right now :( #misshim 
jgh -.- #4am . church later at 10 :( no sleepp 
i just woke myself up by snoring #wtf 😣 💤❌ 
not me ! 😫😩 💔 but USERNAME my friend tyler stahl and maria dodson 
USERNAME USERNAME please come see me ! ! i'm having a really hard time with this & can't even begin to explain how much pain i'm in :'( 
i miss my old house so much and having people over to drink . 😭 👎 
hightlight :c elebrating marines bday ... does any1 know when the army bday is ? 
USERNAME i dont even see you ! ! ! ! ! 😢 
i wish my daddy ah come put my tank on full :( 
i love how i can never sleep a full night anymore :( 
i really need to go to sleep but its hard when i'm waking up every hour coughing my lungs out 😤 😭 
USERNAME fukin up ): rt USERNAME space 15 twenty tonight ! get there early , it's gonna be a rager ! 7pm , free , all ages ! we play at 9pm . 
the fact that i didn't see USERNAME tonight 😭 😭 😭 😔 
i wish someone would of invited me to lux 😔 #foreveralone 
i wish i had a cute girl to cuddle with :( 
'they got these hoes bussin it open for a victoria secrets gift card smh ... 😞 
shoot , you're telling me . hahah rt USERNAME can not sleep 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME shipleys by myself :( miss you guys 
USERNAME just out and back home now after a night of fun and some mcdonald's . yay weekends ! sorry for the funeral . :( 
USERNAME fuckers :c shiet we can throw our own party \(*.*)/ 
why can't i sleep ! oh maybe because i drank two monsters in order to function work to close ! #fml #applebeesprobs #workflow 
USERNAME ya boy could use a hug right about now 😞 lol 
USERNAME i'm glad someone feels my pain .... sad , angry , most of all lost :( 
and i thought this roller coaster ride was just about over , looks like its just getting started 😞 😫 😖 
woke up to like a million messages on my phone and now everyone's asleep 😢 
USERNAME everyone is awake but not on twitter cuz they are living they saturday night and we stuck at home :( 
i hate when i wake up in the middle of the night then can't go back to sleep ! ): #nosleep #tired 
im upset i woke up in the middle of the night though 😔 
going to sleep without USERNAME in the room to say i love you and goodnight to 😭 💔 come home baby i miss my bestfriend ! 
it is a lil too hot in this house 😣 
:( i never changed i'm the chillest nikka out there wtf , :/ 
sucks to be charming without being a prince :( #maybeinthenextlife 
now i can't go back to sleep 😔 .. whose up ? 
i don't want USERNAME to leave tomorrow 😢 but at the same time i'm soo proud of him 💙 #imsoblessed #amazingbf 
strep , plus the flu , add in the 101 temp and don't forget the aches and you have a great weekend ... #fml 
came to the conclusion the reason i can't sleep is cuz i'm hungry :( 
USERNAME you guys rocked tonight ! i was a little disappointed that you didn't get to play more songs though :( 
poor alcoholics get left by their wives n stay lookin for a ride home lololol i'm wide awake tho :( 
i do not see myself with braces , and imma need some 😭 😭 😭 imma look uglier than what i already do ! fml 
energy drinks are my satan right now ... i wasn't looking to watch the sun set , and rise with no sleep in between :( 
exhaustion & bs don't mix = headache . going to sleep .... just ugh . nite :( 
thinking of you USERNAME :( prayers before i go to sleep ! hoping for positive progress by the am #faith 
i ain't gnna lie i'm cold as fuck right now tho 😔 
seriously ... i can't get over how hard girls were going for manziel tonight . he literally had to hide in his room ... sad day 😔 
i think everyone fell asleep on me . :( #boo 
seem like USERNAME finna be the spot to be tonight sucks that i have to work 💔 
USERNAME trust me .. it kills me i couldn't be there .. even the slow nights in cortland get crazy #sadtweet 
worst nights sleep ever . i feel like i'm dying 😔 
screw you jenn go makeout woth your bf i'll just sit here 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME for once nobody knows who my heart skips a beat for . i ain't telling nobody this time haha .. i am so alone :( 
strep , plus the flu , add in the 101 temp and don't forget the aches plus missing a great wedding and you have a great weekend ... #fml 
i slept from 12-1 & i . haven't slept since then . i can't sleep :( 
fuck i really want to go to work tomorrow but i feel like i got ran over by a truck 😞 
i hate being the last one awake and no one to talk to 👎 😣 
USERNAME heyy can you kiss me for my christmas gift ? :( please ? *puppy dog eyes* 
can't keep doin this to myself gotta make a change but for some reason i can't smh 😨 😢 😨 😥 
the whole left side of my body hurts except my leg :/ #tryingnottocomplain #butowiee 😞 
i being having weird ass dreams lately :/ im scared to close my eyes :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME hey ! i want to win mk though ! :( 
and the worst part is that i still miss you and think of you every day .... i bet there's not one time you think of me ;oo 💔 
ugh when is USERNAME going to rt me 💔 #teamev all day babby 💋 
agh ! ! ! my effing leg hurts ! ! ... > :'( #fml #kneepains #needmybaby #wantssomelovingcare 
USERNAME haha i'm kidding ! i actually miss you 😔 
#thatawkwardmoment when both of your roommates have boys 2 cuddle w/ & u have ur cat ... who doesn't want 2 cuddle w/ u . #catladyproblems #fml 
USERNAME i'm in irving ! ! ! :( come back to us 
it's days like this i need USERNAME gosh i miss u loads , am writing a song and am sure ur input would be great ! #sadtweet 
not being able to sleep is probably the worst thing ever . #needtorecover 😞 
that i believe was a nightmare ... first one in forever .... #fml 
hindi ako marunong maglagay ng plastic cover sa libro :( ((( turuan niyo ako :( (( someone teach mee =( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME moa are u still talkin abt her ? ? dude khalas make an appointment wo raye7ni 😔 
can't sleep :( and i gotta get up at six to hunt ! 
USERNAME ya i am 😊 well i'm in chino now lol me and my two friends were looking for stuff to do but everything was dead 😔 
USERNAME ole big round head ahh went to sleep on me .. ! ! :( 
USERNAME the production on 'nothing lasts ... ' it just blows us away . just fantastic attention to detail . but everyone loves beiber , :( 
USERNAME imiss yours more :( you never hangout wiff me 
my eye itches ! flippin weed pollen ! i need my allergist :( 
they don't know about us on replay all day :( 
USERNAME thursday ? ! fuck ! ! ! :( i bet she was mad , haha . that was my bad though . 
rip phone charger 💔 🔌 now i'm freaking out because i'm at 29% 🔋😩😫 and i'm not going in my car to get my other charger 
USERNAME USERNAME girll i told you i would of picked you up ): 
no one hangs out with me anymore . lack of contact from the world is #depressing 
after being up this late it's sad to say all i've been doing is thinking . time for big changes #lateryall :( a 
USERNAME lol im sorry cus its usually late and night and i get off late so i have soo much to say im sorry :( 
USERNAME just left me :( lol i had a great time with my baby <3 
one last interesting note: i get hit on way too much by gay men ... no love from the straight community . :[ 
USERNAME USERNAME i got mine while reading your guys's tweets 😭 
didn't see USERNAME heard she didn't want to be with her family 😔 😒 👊 
my eyes keep trying to close ... what if he texts me back and i'm asleep ? ? ): 
i got groped by a pregnant women in a semi dark alley ... and no one is taking me serious ... honestly this should be on law & order svu :( 
i just want to talk to USERNAME but he fell asleep . :( 
USERNAME omg i know right ! ! ! i miss talking to you ! :'( . how is everything ? 
finally home & work in a few hours #theusual 😔 
i think all my followers sleep cause my tl not slapping anymore :( 
so my 31 year old roommate was hanging out with some girl and as i went to pour myself more alcohol i heard them getting it on . 😞 #fml 
excuse my last tweet . nothing but simpin . 😒 😔 
here in a few hours i will be spreading my daddy's ashes .. 😢 miss you everyday ! #loveyou 
i miss being a cast member at disney and going to a park when i was bored 😔 
USERNAME literally i'm not even sober for a sis . just some random girl i though i could help and had the cops and emts in my place . #fml 
is anyone else having the volume glitch for the iphone or is it just me ? 😔 
i feel like ill be punished one day for not going to church 😔 
quite disappointed with cnblue . they werent playing their instruments .. just faking . :( 
USERNAME :( i'm sorry . what did you say to him after he said he wsnt gonna do anything ? 
USERNAME no i love you back ? #iseehowitis 😔 💔 
a moment of silence for all the poor kitties that have to sleep outside tonight #babyitscoldoutside 😩 😿 
still can't preorder black ops 2 through the ms store . :( 
when sid breaks down to tony about his dad 😭 💔 
shhit , i gotta work early in the morning . #fml 
i honestly want to stay up and talk to you . only problem is ... we don't talk anymore ... 😔 😒 😣 #ohwell #shithappens 
i'm close to home but i have to go get my car :( 
i'm wide awake :( wish i had someone to text ..... 
poor thing :( he's gonna be all purple tomorrow , hope he's okay . 
meet someone at this party .. didn't exchange #'s :( ! ! ! 
USERNAME sorry it's cause of the medicine i took :( i love you 
USERNAME no sheetz is crazy for calling and waking me up :( lol 
after talkin shit ..... goin to sleep alone <<<<< 😔 
my eyes feel like their 100 lbs . right now . 👀 😣 #notgood #needtowakeupfaster 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i miss abigail ! ! ! ! ! ! ): 
thankfully i didn't go to indy tonight . i got lucky to avoid the #indyboom . thoughts go out to the hoosiers that are suffering ! :( 
ugh ... i cant sleep , this shit sucks :-( 
USERNAME this is horrible :( i feel outta touch with the world 
USERNAME no guitar jacks . minhyuk wasnt really hitting the drum set . wtf . background music only . :( 
legit gonna punch the kid who keeps messaging me on fb . i just want to sleep 😭 
USERNAME yeah i know at solo concerts .. but it was my first time to see them today .. and it was like that :( 
ugh ! ! this stupid thing got me walking around with a swollen eye like i got punched . 😔 
“USERNAME oh you knw were having a good night ! 😳 #ciroc #cranberryjuice #bomb URL i'm jealous 😔 
i wonder if tacobell or jack is open ? probably not :( 
that was fun , too bad i feel sick af :( 
it's a fucking hole in my pocket and my carmex fell out . now a nigga gotta look like he was eating donuts for the next 6 hours #fml 
how did i get sucked into chauffeuring a bunch of drunk marines around at 430 in the am ... 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME yeah , with what money ! 💵💳 i'm trying to save up to move out ! 😔 #brokegirlproblems 
USERNAME comedians . ! but no ferreal im hungry & want del taco :( lol 
USERNAME it's 45 here and it's still cold ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME oh ! haha how come you're not texting me back ? :( 
time for some sleep i have to work in the morning :( 
USERNAME no boo i'm in the county now 😿 hope to see you soon ! 
need it . can’t tho . 😔 fuck it . 
i need to pee , i'm lazy to get up 😔 
i wish i had someone to text ...... i'm super bored 😞 
where my nigga's ? ? ? i'm jelly cud i ain't got none :( 
feet are killing me :( work is tiring . 2 in a half more hours :( 
it you felt how i do you wouldn't be able to handle it cause honestly i can barely handle this shit my damn self ): but youll see it one day 
i just had the worst nightmare about my doggies ever 😩 😭 
i think im about to dive in , to this sleep ! nothing to do or anyone to converse with :( good night 
listening to USERNAME #littlethings makes me want a boyfriend 😢 😥 😕 
last day of the weekend :( wish it was longer . 
this is fun here . i wanna move here :( 
when your neighbor wakes you up and you have to be up in 2 hours anyway ... #fml # stfu 
ugh . i feel like i'm dying . kill me now . 😖 😷 😣 
USERNAME this isn't you :( motha fucka tricked me URL 
imma broke ass nigga :'( ... i wasted so much money this past summer for nothing ! 
USERNAME i love this song but i can't remember the name of it 😔 
when gerry bertier cashes in remember the titans :( <<<<<<<<<<< 
USERNAME thank you jes . sadly i didn't have time to get any machida noodz :[ but i will in one month ! 
USERNAME or don't , just break my heart some more 💔 
i miss singing all of trey songz songs with shelby booth :( #duet #treysongz 
u shuda kept it 😔 ”--> the staff was horrible , i cnt wrk w/ppl like them smh #fuckery 😒 
my throat hurts :( i always have a damn sore throat -___- 
haha came around the corner in a full drift only to realize 4 cops ahead have some guy in a suped up honda pulled over ididntpanic lmfao :( 
i need terrance right now but hes not being a very good boyfriend :( 
i think i just burnt my tongue on this hot pocket i just ate #fml >_< 
fuuck ! ! ! ! i got a charlie horse ! ! ! fuck that shit hurts ! ! 😣 😠 😫 
USERNAME oh , i hate those nights 😔 they're never fun , that's why i don't like sleeping alone anymore 
USERNAME haha sry , they're emojis ! yu can only see em with the iphone , i thought yu had one ! :( 
i'm so tired and i just wanna sleep but i still need to wait for my nails to dry > :( #girlproblems 
aww :( i want to get paid in trident layers 
USERNAME hii ! ! ! you need to come back ! i'm having best friend withdrawals ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
' we did this every morning every night & day .. i love my slimjim baby man :( USERNAME URL 
this night has been to crazy . -____- 😔 vcu problems ... 
fell asleep during #007 #skyfall 😑 😟 😔 #fail #tootiredtofunction 
just woke up ..... got more meds now she drawing blood from me :-( 
USERNAME hahahahahahaha i can't resist ! too bad they don't sell kent here :( 
perfect time to knock out essays but i'm not in my room #excusesexcuses . (later) today will be super busy 😔 
have to be up in four hours and emma won't hurry and eat ! 😥 triple shot kinda day . 
USERNAME USERNAME oh no i wasn't there for a #chrisquotes :( 
USERNAME i miss you too :( when ate you coming backkUSERNAME 
damn my cousin is sick speeding as o we won't get in trouble :c 
USERNAME i know . i'm in bed and i'm freezing :( 
jetlag hayirli olsun , bu bir hafta birakmazda beni :( 
just getting to bed when your dads getting up for work :( 
can't wait to sleep so this headache goes away 😔 #stressed 
i need you to give my heart a break ❤ not break my heart 💔 
honestly . i'm kind of sad that i won't have a phone for like 5 days :( . of course that will feel like a long ass time 
i thought i got rid of this feeling a long time ago 😔 
damn it .. rocking that black eye again :-( hello ugly betch 
my heart hurts , my eyes hurt & i just want to be appreciated or something like damn is that to much to ask for , i think i deserve it 💔 
nobody would be awake to talk to right now ! #fml 
USERNAME you deleted me off facebook ? what am i gonna do ): 
gonna die today . at least that's how i feel . 😷😩 😥 
seen my bitch yesterday for the first time in months ! i really miss her 😥 😥 😥 
ok soo why does it feel like there's a war going on in my stomach & where's my mom to help me ? wth .. come home :( 
my stomach is hurting . why i'm not in my period :( 
holy tits it is cold out ! ! ! ! ! ! :( :( :( :( 
aww man pinback is playing tonight in dc at the black cat .... can't go 😢 
yeah that definitely didn't take you long at all :( #lies stupid i believed everything you said :( 
their habitats because of the destruct-ion of our fores t.t hey are showing up on our back yards looking for foo d; can you blame them ? we cont .. 
#confession i did way too fuccin much now i'm feeling like da biggest fool eva tryna get my shit 2gether . she wont c my face again :( 
this night was crazy ! ! .. work in a couple of hours :( 
USERNAME if only the hulk would piss on scarlet johansen :( 
i wish someone was up to talk to me )) ): 
so the boys were in la an hour away from where i live and i couldn't go see them ! ! #itsnotmeanttobe :( 
i sent a snapchat to tres dad in california last week and he opened it but never replied 😢 
boleh pengsan kalau lama lama dekat twitter :'( i need oxygen 
i get sad when you don't think about me & it makes me wonder who you are thinking about . #sadtweet 
USERNAME i understand completely . my reason to pursue art was my grandmother . she died when i was pretty young . still heartbroken . </3 
i guess everything is the same .... im always in the wrong :( 
i hate when i get home after my dad's drunk shenanigans ... it's like showing up after your favorite movie is already over 😔 
i miss going to burger king at night . the guy gave me free food & the chicken nuggets are good ! #hungry 😔 
i get home at 5 an drunk as fuck and USERNAME left me :( #booyouwhore #ooveyoutho 
USERNAME :( i was hoping to see you more tonight than just in the car at arbys lol 
i've never had their popcorn chicken ! lol man now i want some :( 
i've had my belly button pierced for nearly 4 years , there only meant to last 2 years' before they start to cover over , mine is doing that :( 
USERNAME yess i know :( it's to much like 10jeans 20shirt 4cardigans three sweaters ten socks and my shoes plus scarf and earplugs 😁 
USERNAME i didn't see it in time 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i don't hear the banda no more i want to dance :( 
uhp & wide awoke .. missed bae fhonee calls :( #sad 
someone woke me up to take the dog out now i can't fall back to sleep ... :( (@ daddy's chair) [pic]: URL 
USERNAME jajajajajaja pos quien sabe ! ! daría todo por ir :-( 
how do i fall asleepp then wake up at five in the morning puking mt brains out :( i'm sickie 
what i do :( rt USERNAME ima rock his ass an i put that on errthang ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
in seriously miss the old times with the crew so soo much </3 some of the best memories ever #loveallofyouguys ! 
for some reason i can't make it to sleep i'm thinking about her :-( 
was already naked and ready for bed then i realized i forgot my charger in my car . fuck 😭 😩 
work :( i feel like shit & i haven't even slept . 
work in 4 1/2 hours , oh geez ! #bedtimee #sleepless :( 
y do i always fall for the bad boys and i don't mean he curses i mean he's an ex con #smh #fml 
i seriously miss the old times with the crew so soo much </3 some of the best memories ever #loveallofyouguys ! 
i hate when people are mad at me . especially oomf :( 
waking up with a huge stomach ache and rushing to the bathroom to throw up at this time and waking up everyone is the worst . i hate this :( 
when i'm drunk and upset i just wih USERNAME was here to calm me down 😭 😭 😭 
just dropped the boyfriend off at the airport . now his flight is delayed and i've already crawled back in bed :( 
i have too many layers on and too many cups of coffee in me to want to blow dry my hair whatsoever . 😒 😥 🔥 
where were u tonight ! USERNAME didn't see u at ave :-( couldn't get my blue n redbull lol 
lolol teling all the seniors i hate them and i only want USERNAME there ... #lol why was she at isu :( 
when you said goodbye it was forever , i've spent the last year piecing my life back together ... i will fall if you come around . #heartbreak 💔 
i'm about to cry from this dream and no one will answer their phone :( #reallyscary 
grabee :| :o kami nga once pa lang ata naglesson eh :o bakit ang intense niyo ? :o :( USERNAME 
i just want my baby wake up and read that fb message so bad :( 
welp .. on that note .. goodnight :( .. cause tweets are tweets ... just like dreams they wont come true .. nighty night 
i was happiest before i came back to tucson then i got here then all of my feelings came back 😭 
im getting sick of the one word replies . . i only do it cause he does :( ( 
USERNAME i miss you terribly :( it hurts my heart thinking about it 
long deep breathes so i don't throw up . #inbed #fml 
my sexy face is asleep & all i wanna do is hear her voice 1 more time before i do the same . 😘 😔 
ugh ! i just can't catch a fucking break ! 😫😁 😔 
#confessionnight i binge eat sometimes late at night , but i think it's because i don't eat during the day . #ishouldstopthat #gettingfat 😷 😥 
: i'm shaking not cause of the cold 😔 ” 
up sneezing and having horrible leg pains from my heels :( ... also getting whacked in the head from kyles elbow frequently lol 
USERNAME you should talk more you fans ! :( #luvya 
USERNAME they stopped selling already :( unless you got some with you ! ahaha ;p 
i love everyone got fucked up this weekend and i stayed in both nights :( 
sleep is not in my future ..... ughh i just want the pain and nausea to stop ... not looking forward to working all day like this ... :( 
i'm so depressed right now i can't sleep in my room . #wtf #fml #lonely 
i just wanna go to sleep but my mind is saying noo :( 
i wish i had cool cousins to party with . besides manuel , but he lives so far and he's like 38 lmao :'( 
it's like the north pole in my room ! 👎❄⛄ 😣 
singing and jammin on the way home without USERNAME :( 
so glad that USERNAME let me got my snickerdoodle #fr , i dont wanna take her home today :( 
if only i could sleep past 4am & actually go back to sleep ... 😞 😣 😴💤💤💤 
USERNAME lagee wifi ang church ? aw hehe una ko .. kasukaon na kau ko .. sakit na mata ! ! :( nytie patrick paolo 
if i could , i'd have my yamash sleep with me still , but she left me :( #babycomeback 
i want to be obama's ss go-to guy . :( ( 
at least a costumer at work wants to hangout with me 😭 #reality URL 
USERNAME i am . hey sweetie , why you have to unfollow me ? :( 
too late decided to just go home o_o . #chill night with USERNAME and #janet though ! haven't seen mith in too long :( 
rt USERNAME i just wanna be layed up 😔 😒 
USERNAME sabria omg i miss you :( ( i havent spoke to you sinc jun :( 
i done lost my mind lost my keys 😔 😔 
aww . is dedicated to mr . jd jones . :-( people here at the club are feeling the loss :'-( 
hate when this happens because i think of thing i don't want to 😞 
woke up at 4:04am breathing hard and heart racing . school , stop stressing me out like this , please ! :'( 
noo ! ya se fue el tamborazo </3 d: #stillwideawake #fml 
second day in a row i'm up at this time of night 😔 👈 
only a parent knows what it's like to have a sick baby :( so awful 
USERNAME i feel like no one ever looks at my tweets :( 
little huge babe just over slept without me t-t :( URL 
oh my gosh , seriously . it's 4:45 ! whhy am i not sleeping ? :( 
just had the most horrible nightmare i've ever had in my life . i'm actually in tears . :'( 
listening to i swear by all 4 one it just breaks me apart .... </3 specially because i see him ... 
went to sleep so early and now i'm afraid i'll be up :( 
i wish i could fast forward to 2 o'clock :( 
not exactly what i wanted to see to be honest . i'm going to sleep . 😞 
i wish i could go back to cali christmas :( 
USERNAME lol yo i'm hating you rite noe , picking on me 😞 
i'm serious sitting here crying . that's how scared of the dark i am . 😔 
i don't even know what to do with myself #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME at santa cruz civic auditorium (february 2, 2013 ): santa cruz , ca , us URL 
USERNAME you guys find an apartment when we leave -.- all the good shit happens when i'm gone :'( 
USERNAME meowning ! went yo bed a few hours ago & woke early :( 
i can't find any of my friends 😭 fml fml fml fml fml fml fml 
great , munchies hitting me again , i'm staying sober for a longass time now . #soberlifedoe 😔 
if yuh ever see this face;; tragic . ready to fckn go and enjoy my day off . #workflow #irr @ wally world 😩😫 😭 URL 
USERNAME yes it is , been weirdly weird lately , having a hard time falling asleep . :( 
ugh i left all my laundry on my bed ! ! now i have to do laundry so ican sleep 😭 😭 #drunkgirlproblems 
USERNAME no i don't think so because he is in new york at the moment touring so probably not :( wish he was though 
USERNAME we all suffer from buyer's remorse 😔 should've just got them both 😁 
they never have soup at denny's after 10 😔 we always come after 10 ... 
USERNAME type (w/o quotes) and press enter to boot normally . we'll need to give internet explorer a go now :( 
USERNAME USERNAME have fun not having your pants off . :( 
eyes about to shut down in the cab . gotta make it to my 2nd home , the airport ! honey these early flights giving me a migraine ! :( no bueno 
only 3 hours into the 11th and i already want to talk to you so bad . almost in tears and feeling extremely depressed :( 
tonight would have been so much better if i wouldn't have gotten a ticket :'( 
i truly miss playing soccer more than anything in my life right now :( 
im praying bobby calls today ... i mean really ... its the last day of the week . he has to call ... :( 
USERNAME i know me too ! :( this is the second night in a row i sleep in the couch #sucks #sadtweet 
bout to try to sleep ! no one showing me love 😔 
ahh game time . just kitten i have to drive to milton in this :( 
woke up with the worst stomach ache 😣 . hoping i can fall back to sleep its too early . 
why am i awake at 4 in the morning ? , ): 
we call ourselves ross but deal with this stuff smh i can't deal 😔 
i just had the worst dream , woke up crying .. 😢 
6 in the morning , bawling my eyes out my cousin just died in a wreck and my little cousin is gonna grow up without a daddy 😭 
i still can't download #loveiseasy on us itunes 😭 USERNAME 
why did i just wake up like wide awake . :( 
exhausted . wishing for some sleep . 😔 😴 catching up on disney movies . #never2old #lovinglife 
dam my heart just broke really .. idk what i did in my other life but fuck i'm paying it back in fool this life cuz that shit hurts bad 😵 🔫 💔 
they have nice homes in queens , in other news my relief just called me , he's on his way . :-( ... no (cont) URL 
"USERNAME sad to be leaving my sissy :( ill miss you bop ! love you ! thanks for a fun weekend ! ! USERNAME you just leftz and i miss youz 
USERNAME we jus got a new cfa right near me , tho may be 2 many carbs for 'ol insulin me lol but gonna try one , sorry bout the tide :( 
USERNAME will u bring me ice water ? :'( and . medicine ? 
i'm really hoping it doesn't rain on the day of my baby shower , if it does we might have to cancel it ! :/ #pregnantproblems #sadtweet 
everyone needs to watch a little bit of heaven 😟 💔 
USERNAME same here :( i've been up since eleven ... poorly timed naps do that 
heat on ? √ double blanket ? √ someone to keep me warm ? :-( 
when i throw up from drinking <<<<< no one is here to take here of me 😔 
so i'm all ready to go to bed . and as i close my eyes images from the sinister appear . ): 
USERNAME blow and go my dude ! ! ! life of having a dui 😔 
USERNAME its not the same anymore :c what happend to my bf . ? honestly we have lots to catch up on . 
tired as shit . should not be up right now . work til three #didnotsleepwell #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME wala naman ako sinabi eh ! :( (((( #ganyanyan . huhuhuhu 
trying to decide what to do with dog that has lost control of her bowels . :( 
this election has sucked a little life outta me :( 
USERNAME USERNAME how does it feel to have transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) ? URL #tms #depression 
seeing him made me miss him thou . i think we're foreal done . 😔 
so i have this fear or sleeping in silence .. i usually have the fan on but it's too damn cold . what do i dew ? :( 
i shouldn't have drank so much tonight ! i'm starting to feel its effects 😣 
feeling depress & i dont know why ? << 😕 😞 
he feeling his type of way & i'm feeling my type of way ... smh , *sigh* 😔 😥 
6:23 & i'm still up .. so much on my mind 😔 
got some taqitos and everyone else is asleep so i guess i will try to as well :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i want to play some aftermath but don´have premium or no money :( 
USERNAME my ipod dead and in the car </3 i could use my phone but super selective music lol 
USERNAME lol seriously matt . i actually like that movie 😔 
woke up at 6 & can't go back to sleep .. great 😥 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
damn . everyone's awake right now . lol i just got asked to go drink .. lol ): i'll probably bring bri .. i like her . aha and her tongue ring .... 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
'you faggot ! you didn't come thursday . :( ' 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i wanna be real life friends too ! :( 
i miss my son . this is taring me apart . its only been a good week in a half . feels lyk a part of me is missing . he is ... my ziah bug :( 
ugh , i'm just so dumb for that ! 😔 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME seriously ! it's freezing ! ! i wanna smoke more but that means i have to go outside 😔 
this light is coming in my room and the birds are chirping #peachy 😣 
i'm begging you . my throat is on fire and all i wanna do is go back to sleep ): 
it should be illegal to be up this early on the weekends #fml #dying #earlygames #ihatemornings 
just had a nightmare and can't go back to sleep 😢 #butimtiredd 
randomly woke up and i can't fall back asleep 😔 
normally wen i leave home after bein gone bout 5 mins i txt em n tell em i miss em 😔 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i'm so upset i was working from 12-9 and missed my chance to get tickets for the #musicexperiment 😭 i never get to see you ! 💔 😢 
the vow is such a sad movie 😫 😢 😢 😫 😢 😫 
i wish USERNAME was here right now i swear ! ! i need him . i hurt so bad all over 😩 😢 😖 tears 
USERNAME thats very true although id love to see he's angelic face ... god i miss him </3 
USERNAME awh , i'm sorry ): what time is it there ? almost 4 ? 
it's saturday no its sunday no its wednesday . fuck it it's my day off and i gotta work :( . lets go broncos ! ! ! URL 
USERNAME i'm craving pancakes but no one wanna come over and cook with me cause uh everyone is still asleep .. 😔 lol thanks ❤ 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i went to bed at 3 in the morning whhy am i even awake right ! ? 😞 
USERNAME haha good . keep georgie in line for mee . you need to come down here so i can actually have a legit beer pong partnerr </3 
USERNAME aww i remember those days :'( , i miss u being mean to me 💔 
looking at my pictures in fb is making me miss them ! :( 
USERNAME i feel you on that :( i'm suffering too ! 
to anyone that i torture in this twitter . hopefully forgive me . i'm dont know whats wrong w/ my attitude lately . sorry :( 
USERNAME is that why ? :( aww ! so hard seeing my friends face after USERNAME was nowhere to be found , she was so crushed . biggest fan 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME are you ok , and how bad is your car ? :( 
just woke up 😷 sick as 10 dogs . going back to sleepy town 😢 😢 tummy ache 
USERNAME this area of ventnor heights could really use a truck loaded with mini fridges . nearly every one lost their fridge ... :( 
USERNAME yes i do i wanted to come over butl . looks like i'll have to come tomorrow ..... you don't miss me smh :( 
do i really have to drive home from south point by myself right now ? :( boo . 
had to take 4 sleeping pills to make the cramps go away in my legs 😕 😢 
😔 😔 😔 i feel like crap ! ! ! 
idk why im up at 6:50 ohh probably because my stomach hurts 😭 😣 😔 😴 . 
way to early to be up for work after a night of drinkin :( 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
last night was unbearable .. my legs where hurting like crazy 😔 😞 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME 
r . i . p donnell && shawnie #dailytweet 💔 😢 👼🙏🙌🌹 
i think i'm the only one up in the house :( 
USERNAME sakto mulang ! ihahhahahahaha igo man sad ta ana sho oy ! tawa lang ta ani :( 
there is something wong ... when you get home at 7am and have class at 9am .. :( ssh 
USERNAME USERNAME ako lang ang wala ! tss :( babawi ako next time ! ayy weyt nag asap kayo kanina ? ? 
runnin off 2 hours of sleep for an 8 hour day today 😔 
this is gonna keep me up all night someone sing me to sleep </3 
i slept the whole day now i can't sleep :( 
USERNAME great pic (just wish paget was still in all the pics) ... 😞 😢 
just had the scariest dream ever . & now i can't go back to sleep . :( 
i would so anything to be back in bed right now #fml 
i can't believe i cried my eyes out earlier , i was super drunk i guess i was an emotional drinker tonight 💦😪 😢 😞 😒 😒 😒 😒 🍺 
USERNAME tell me about it . i fear poor izzie has it too , last night she asked me what happens to you when you die :( ugh 
had fun in greensboro .. sad i didn't get to see my aggies :( downtown was live as fuck though ! ung's african night >>>>> 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
day hasn't even started yet and its the shittiest luck ever #caraccident #fml ... 
my one day to sleep in and i'm up at my usual time and can't fall back asleep 😭 the struggle . 
USERNAME pagod na ako eh , tapos magastos . ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME what is depression ? watch this youtube video URL … … #depression 
in the skin tight blue , i shall direct myself to the moon and make a promise that i'm so sorry :'( 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
sana tumila na yung ulan . gusto kong magtambay sa labas :( 
why is it so easy to stay up until morning ? :-( 
USERNAME i know :( i started crying and she was like what's wrong mommy ? boo 😞 
fussn n aint even thanked d great man above fa seeim another day ! #smh 😔 
USERNAME i haven't tried that off zoloft but i'm sorry you've been getting them darlin :( 
on the road home :'( see ya in 10 hrs ohio #wah 
USERNAME justice sotomayor says you can't plan on becoming a princess when you grow up :( URL 
when your cuddling with your boyfriend , and then he has to get up to leave for fire class . :( #firefighterboyfriend # <3 
i truly don't think i will get either of these papers finished on time . i have too much to do . :( #helpme 
noo . i don't want to get up . 😭 
USERNAME ahh .... don't mind that all ! ! ! i can't wait ! ! the week is gonna go by so sloow :-( 
USERNAME now i know i’m old…i was thinking of a completely different arcade game…from 1982 :( 
my brain hurts wedding last night , wake/ funeral today and tomorrow emotionally drained 😔 #onlythegooddieyoung 
i miss my other half wish i could be with him today too :( 
sick as a dog 😔 😭 😪😷 thanks a lot USERNAME ........ 
USERNAME yes ! ! ! and i'm straight on them , no more wendy's for me . it felt like i was about to die . 😞 
party up came on the radio and i miss my bff USERNAME and getting wild af with her 😔 
friends smoking in front of me and all i can do is watch :'( 
just got out the er 😷😷😷 i got strep throat def not like a boss 😔 
my throat :( #noo its too early to be sick 
USERNAME how do u download ipwnstore if i already had it ? link u provided me to download ipwnstore a few weeks ago doesn't work now 😞 
#wleague sydney loses . my tl is in mourning :( 
i hate that levi works at 7 am this morning . :( 
alarm went off an hour late today ... awesome , late to work , hopefully pulling a 12 hour day yesterday will make up for it #fml #workproblems 
it's time for me to go to sleep cuz i can't take no more 😔 
i can't sleep , i'm bored , && i don't know what to do that's fun 😣 👎 
USERNAME ill b in europe .. maybe end of march to may :( 
waking up at 4am & not being able un go back to sleep <<< #fml 
both my dogs are sleeping and i'm wide awake . i feel so old being up this early 😔 
it's okay when friends talk shit bout me but when my family talks shit bout me its a different story > :( 
hate being in bed alone ... prefer to share it with someone who takes up . the whole bed & covers :( 
omg this headache <<<<<< 😖 😔 😥 😷 😢 😡 
oh so it's gonna be one of those days alarm clock ? thanks again for going off an hour late &making me late for work .... #workproblems #fml 
USERNAME exactly my poin t.t he bible overstates the obvious , which is already known in culture without religion . 
got off work at 230 am sat here til 4 somebody gt shot behind our store tthen we lost our power soo i'm still at work #fml 
USERNAME i hate when that happens :( don't worry everybody does it at some point ! 
someone come take care of me , i feel like shit :( 
i hate waking up from a bad dream , i can never go back to sleep . 😔 
so ironic , just found out that my fav wrestler , USERNAME &my favorite rapper of all , method man r both born on april 1s t.t hat's , april cools 
yay im not gonna get cut . 😭 😭 😭 URL 
USERNAME im praying it will heal faster than what they think . longterm antibiotic therapy is not fun :( 
you hoes ain't ran outta #throwbackthursday pictures yet ? ! 😾 
USERNAME i agree , but my worry is there seems no set up in place for 2014 .. :-( 
freezing 😭 i just wanna be home in my warm bed 😔 
i must get up .... but i can't :( spending another beautiful day at hd 👎 😕 
feeling neglected and disappointed . yep that pretty much sums up my feelings right now 😞 
USERNAME i was too messed up to drive lol and plus i have to be at work right now ): 
up early . there's a lot on my mind 😣 
omgosh so excited i get to go into work right now to pay offs hiligans bar tab ...... #shitnooneeversays #fml #thatreallycantbemyalarmclock 
rebecca ferguson x teach me how to be loved 💔 
it should be illegal for me to be sitting in an airport at this time of day , instead of in my warm bed at home 😢 
USERNAME can you tell USERNAME to grab my black leather jacket for me please her phones dead 😔 
-omfg i hate being fuckn sick ... i caint eveb fuckn sleep :'( 
USERNAME i miss you to ! ! ! ! 💔 
it's that time again ! ! :-( (@ home gym) URL 
that moment when ... USERNAME unfollows you . ! ! 😥 💔 
poor bee :( rt USERNAME when a male honey bee mates , its testicles explode and the penis is left inside the queen bee . 
work again ... 😔 😞 at least i'm working with USERNAME 💜 💙 💚 
USERNAME aww . hmm . basta . ayy . :( 
woke up about an hour ago & now i can't sleep ): 
we were at the top of the roller coaster and now we're at rock bottom . 🎢 😔 💔 😞 
304 pages of to kill a mockingbird left to read today #fml 
of course i wouldn't be able to sleep at 7am 😞 
yes it is :( they're waiting to see what insurance will cover & go from there 
mann why my cuzz ! :'( ..... rip cuhh ! gone but will be truly missed 
whyy am i up this early ? ! ? 👎 😔 
i miss mike tanier's fifth down picks in the sunday ny times . always was good for a belly laugh . :-( 
but in reality its wrap bcuz she dont care nomore 😞 
differences came on pandora )) ): i remember when he sang it to me //; 
hey kemi check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME let me know what u think . 
nightmares . migraine . swollen fingers . my day is going great ! how’s yours ? ? ? 😞 
why is it already sunday ? weekends need to be longer , i tell you :( 
so worried right now , i knew that call was not normal especially at this time ! :'( 
USERNAME omg ! ! i petted that cat in my way home and it followed me all the way to my apartment door ! it was soo sadd :( 
USERNAME :( youll be fine just try to do activities to keep ur mind off of it . 
since i stopped breast feeding , my boobs are engorged ): 
fiu , please accept me . :( it'll make my bad moods disappear . 
i hate that youtube to mp3 barely works on any songs > :( 
USERNAME i tried to come see you on friday but you were gone 😔 
can things just stop going wrong with my body ? that was the last thing i needed today 😞 
USERNAME uh huh , i knocked , nobody answered :-( 
i hate when my timeline goes from 2 hours to 6 hours and doesn't let me load the in between 😣 i'm missing out on so much ! 
check this , one out too . USERNAME check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL 
is too early to be up on a sunday ! #ckmeeting 😔 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 
im so proud to say i know some of our nations heros .. but every male i grew up with ? 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME cems kendi cehenneminde artık şu anda hapis sayılır :( 
to make this day even worse i have no cigarettes #fml 
USERNAME frenzy toh berd . check this out too . check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL 
11/11 y'all ! ! ! lets make it a good day ! ! on a sad note , i go home tomorrow though :( don't wanna leave nc ! ! 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME 
fun time is over now time to go home ! boo :( 
woke up with ice all over my car . sad that winter is officially here :( 
😔 😔 “USERNAME kasmaran ama cewe bule »» rt USERNAME jarak ini akan menjelma menjadi rindu , dan menjadi pelukan di saat tatapan kita bertemu 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME hope u like this bro 
USERNAME aw :( well maybe he actually is okay ! :/ 
pat gets to go to the #eagles game i get to work to 12 and grocery shore #fml 
i still can't believe you said all that to me . 😔 😒 
USERNAME eh whatevz i'm missing classical guitar so bad :( 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
that i may never get to play video games again 😞 #ivelearntthisyear 
for the first time ever: rain , i hate you . :( 
USERNAME what also stings is announcing your twitter account on another social site to have more friends follow & no one responds :( 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME 
school is stressing me out wayy too much ! 😞 
words cannot explain how exhausted i am right now .... 😣 🔫 
USERNAME i have no car :( i would but i can’t even go places myself ! 
had USERNAME in my dream 2 nights ago but she wouldn't talk to me #itsasign #missyou :( 
USERNAME mwaah ! USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sisfur ! ! happy sunday ! ! must go now . :( 
i miss my little USERNAME i need her back in my life ! :( 
it's like you used to have a clue . now you don't even know what you're letting go of . :( 
my legs hurt so bad .. that's what my hangovers are .. just body aches ! it sucks 😭 . 
why am i up ? ! ? ! ? ! 😁 😔 😭 
1 hour of sleep goin to work #sweet #sike #fml 
USERNAME i'm jealous :( (( have fun love you ! 💖 
ugh :( what to do ? ? ? ! ! 
USERNAME i miss you . i want to see you :( 
i woke up sick asf this morning ... my throat hurts :( (( 
naha alay :( rt USERNAME gaboleh ah alayalay udh jeprt USERNAME lagi pengen cengeng :( rt: USERNAME gaboleh cengengrt 
ugh i don't want to walk i hate walking to work its to far ! ! ! ! :( 
i just want to go home and see my friends :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #schoolandworksucks 
USERNAME what club damn it ? ! i wanna be in the club ! ! :[ | 
waking up with a headache when i have such a long day ahead :( 
USERNAME your amazing and sexy;) and i like to see you sad :( so you can call us #beliebers your <3 girlfriend <3 #missionhappybieber 
USERNAME i do that to you all thaa time :( 
USERNAME pero seryoso ako dre . pumasok talaga yun sa utak ko kanina . :( bat ganto . 
the reality: may pasok na ulit bukas huhuhuhuhuhu :( ( 
people please be nice because i hear people r say rommors about me :( 
USERNAME you saw heather ? ! ! no wayy ! ! ! i wish i saw her ): <3 <3 
idnt talk to nobody in my tl my bae offline :( 
i haven't ate anything in a full 24hrs ... what could i possibly be throwing up ! ! ! 😞 
the difference between you and me . is when i say i care i actually mean it . </3 "/ 
i secretly record mother's voice when she shares old stories with me . i can't imagine the day i hear them and she's not around . </3 
why does my cat think this is an appropriate place to sleep all night .... ? 😾 #cats @ divino household URL 
my husband will be home in a month for 2 weeks then he leaves again :( i miss him 
i want to play volleyball soo bad ! ! ! ! :( 
so so much goin through my mind right now .. 😞 one day at a time is all i can do i guess 
am i really going to work right now ? 😢 
USERNAME nialler ! hi ! i wish i can see you ... but i have school :( maybe next time :( 
USERNAME you today at are sunday morning starbucks time with aaron 😢 
i've never felt so miserable in my life . ): 
omg , vecci 87's bike got stolen .... sad sad day for bikers everywhere 😭 😪 😥 😓 😲 😵 
USERNAME poo :( i think we're leaving around 9 cause we gotta go to sams club too . 
why am i up so early ? ! ohh yeaa work :( 
what happend to USERNAME :c she disappeared on us :c <|3 
my nose is starting to bleed now . ): my neck is murdering me . 
justin and selena :'( #ripjelena im so sad i dont know what to say i just hope USERNAME u are okay i cant stand to see juju sad :( 
i've blown my nose so much already that it's all rough and ugly :( 
do you guys remember the game ? no ? just me ? ok :( #2009 
nobody never tell me good morning no more :( 😕 😞 
USERNAME perdi mi pase ! ! ! :'( fml lol 
why am i on your sleep schedule ? ! i don't have work for 2 more hours :( 
USERNAME talk to while your on the phone :( (((( 
its hard to tell your mind to stop loving someone when your heart still does :( 
& my boo is on his way home . why am i still up ? #tiredasfuck 😔 
i don't even know what to do todaay . i wanna see jordan . i miss him :( 
never get a break to just relax i swear :( 
my one day to sleep in and i'm laying here wide awake 😞 #seriously 
USERNAME USERNAME well it looks like this would have worked 4 u 2 as well: faith hill - (official video ): URL 
coming into work on a sunday and before 7am bc you can't sleep ... #fml 
USERNAME i know girl . me too . 💔 😢 😭 
stupid body clock . woke up and can't get back to sleep :( 
she treating me like shit ! ig she dont nomore :'( btw i still love youu ! 
weekends over . 😔 @ pasadena museum of history URL 
USERNAME idk i just woke up and yumzi ugh everyone in my grade is like 15 and i j u s t turned 14 :( (( 
USERNAME sorry that i fell asleep i tried to stay awake 😘 😔 
i wish i liked coffee or redbull or something , i can't even keep my eyes open 😞 
USERNAME me either . 1 year and 10 hours since i've seen her .. 😥 
and then USERNAME wonder why i get mad at her :'( broke my heart like 268933 in a row 💔 😢 😞 
for me you'll always be eighteen and beautiful and dancin away with my heart 💗 😔 
URL omg watched this and justin said loved u not love you :( #staystrongjustin <3 
just want all this to end already #why #notfair 😢 
sup bro check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME 
i'm just too lonely to do this right nos 💔 
why am i up so early :( :( ! #coffee 
it's too early for this madness 😞 ✋👊😤 😓 🔊⛅⛺ 
i am ready to get back to arab . broken heart 💔 this morning . 😩 
can't hardly see out of my left eye its that swollen ! ! :( #ouch 
fuck i need to pee & USERNAME is driving fast on the dirt road 😢 👎 
the funny thing is though is that i liked pop that months ago and tried to show everyone and no one liked if :( 
i woke up in such a sad mood , for no reason 😔 i hope church changes that . 
like i'm really sad ... but idk why ! ! ? ? smh struggles 💔 
uugh . i feel like shit :( :( :( USERNAME come save me ! ! 
it seems like everyone in the south has a significant other and then us north folk (aka yankees) are forever alone with cats 😳 🐱 💔 
USERNAME nagka sakay namo ni ben10 sa jeep ? ? ? aw hahahahah sleepy na si me :( 
the rest of it <<<<<<<<<<<<<> 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i haven't talked to you in forever 😞 😞 
my mom pissed me off waking me up do early i don't want to wake up ): 
lord god watch over her family and mine and i pray for strength for any situation 😔 😔 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME 
i miss my littlest bentley boo :( hope to have hims home this afternoon ! ❤ 
roma (4-3-3 ): goicoechea; piris , marquinhos , burdisso , balzaretti; bradley , de rossi , florenzi; lamela , osvaldo , totti” 
i guess im gonna have to use my phone now , computer isnt working for shit too damn slow 😞 😡 
jeff says: 😔 😔 😔 but i'm good ! ! 😗 🎶🎶 
nakaka-iness bahing ako ng bahing xo :( . achuu ! 
foster dog sylvia has horrific kennel cough :( (((( this weekend wa 
USERNAME it's okay tara 😔 everything happens for a reason , and you still have me , uggface , allie , & lizzy 
i think i'm actually a little sad right now 😥 being a senior sucks sometime 
im hungry but i dont know what i want 😳 😔 
USERNAME ma'am , i'm sorry but i don't have a clue of what you're talking about . :( ( 
i understand she's mad but she taking it to far :'( cuz im really hurting 
haven't had nightmares in years ... just woke up in a panic 😥 
when will this gas rationing be over ? i want things back to normal . :( 
i hate how the one person i want to talk to and be with ... i have no communication with 😔 💔 
USERNAME no i won't be happy u keep ingoreing me hate you :'( 
my back hurts from sleeping on this . couch 😩 😢 
i haven't seen my daddy in 2years i knw i'm fina cry :'( 
i love bein home but all i've done is hangout with my parents . 😔 #notcool #nofriends #loser #foreveralone 
i miss my littlest bentley boo :( hope to have hims home this afternoon ! ❤ 
it's too early ! my eyes are still burning 😦 
my sisters told me i can't bee ratchet today #sadtweet 
idk if my girl USERNAME is rubbin' off on me or if i just want a cheeseburger right now . but i do know i'm having withdrawals . i miss her :( 
good morning tweedos ! still feeling poopy :( i really wish i could actually taste the cinnamon toast crunch im partaking in . boo :( 
im a very emotional person ,,,,,, soo idgaf . thats me ! :'( 
last early morning pancake pantry of the semester . 😣 @ pancake pantry URL 
not being able to go to the 11 o'clock service <<< 😭 😭 
i ❤ how u turned ure 📲phone off 4 the weekend . come monday you'll have a surprise 👉 😾 👈 
rt USERNAME post | mud bowl 2012 (photos ): URL 
i want some tons already . ! ! 😣 not patient at all 
why does my ankle hurt so much nowadays ... ? #fml 
she think i got hoes , but thats so no true ! :'( 
tell a veteran today (and every day you see them ): #veteransday #respect #freedomisntfree 
i want some toms already 😣 i'm so not patient 
woke up out of no where ... now can't go back to sleep 😔 
just wanna make somebody morning since my morning won't be made 😔 
trying to get an apartment by the first of the year .. no more unnecessary spending for me :( 
i shud listen to other people when they tell me i am too nice b/c im allowing others to step over me smh 😔 
throwing up .. i got a love/hate relationship with vodka .. :'( 
#petraeus . for lead forces in iraq , for head of cia . this last: a clinton medal for special duties under covers . :-( ( URL 
USERNAME i read your letter before i went to sleep & it brought back so many memories . i felt homesick right after . i miss you so much sis :( 
stuffy nose , ear ache , and headache . no church for me . :'( 
omg ! ! up too early ! taking liam to my mom for church then headed back home to go back to sleep ! ! 😣 
last day of my awesome weekend , at burger king 😔 
it's so godamn early . at least it's pretty and warm outside 😿 @ naga-waukee park ice arena URL 
USERNAME i miss you too ! i wish i could see you too . :c 
USERNAME i've already used that song in a video :( 
USERNAME ahh man . :( well sometime this week then ! if has to be soon ! we miss you .. 
¿no eres el crush de nadie ? jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajjajajajajajajajajajaja yo tampoco :( ¡choca esos 5 hermano ! 
😧 my face was like this shoulda been like this 🙈 
had a really really dark dream that lasted only one minute in real life but lasted ten minutes in dream time . :( 
not sure why twitter hasn't been notifying me when people mention or retweet :( sorry i haven't been ignoring you ! ! 
USERNAME but i love you tho but you don't care </3 
#goodmorning #boyfriend let to #work already .. i have work at 4 .. watching #movies and doing some #laundry i want some #pho 😔 🍜 
zero sleep last night .. first day of work today :( not gonna make it 
USERNAME 😢 i've been in bed , sick as butt .. 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME get ready for tomorrow fuckas 😟 🔪 😭 🔫🏊💦🐟 
USERNAME im at work :( awful . but still i had a goodnight , its healthy to go out and have fun 
USERNAME thanks for calling me an 18 yr . old and i would listen to you but i don't have my car here :( i'm #carless today lol 
USERNAME i am doing what i love going to see the nascar race today ! good race yesterday ! good luck to jeff ! freezing here today ! :-( 
😢 i told the girl to get lost , think i hurt the girl's feeling . 
USERNAME i wish flair would show up in alienblue :( 
sad for families in richmond hills that left their pets behind and aren't allowed to go back for them . :-( 
USERNAME :( poor buddy…not what you want to wake up to . 
USERNAME angel ! pasaload mo kong piso :( ( hahaha . 
moom , i just want some of your breakfast 😔 ❤ URL 
like , feeling used and unwanted is not a good feeling . and that's exactly how i feel after the past 2 nights of being ditched/left behind 😔 
why is my nephew not on skype . i'm sad ): 
s/o tom my one and long that holds my heart :( tyler happy birthday babe ! ! ! 
i don't feel good 😔 don't feel like going to work 
finally rode in that supra but he wasn't going 140 😔 still , nice ride 👌 
USERNAME i woke up and i was like #oh where's carl 😔 
good time to finish all my college applications ugh 😞 
tired of having to be strong when i'm at my weakest moment 😔 
USERNAME i love you :( <3 stay strong my love ! 
USERNAME school should be more fun instead of siting for like 7 hours in a damn chair 😞 hurts my booty and back lol , okidooki 😊 
just got up ...... needing a text buddy right now :-( 
miss you guys /: USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😔 💔 #hopeyouguyshadfun 
my dad and my brother scarred off the only boy who ever offered to marry me . #fml #singleasfuck 
starting to feel worse as my morning goes on ): 
USERNAME hi niall ... how r u ? .. i really wish i could b the 1 2 grab ur attention and u reply to me :'( #dontfeelgoodenoughforyou 
i don't wanna get up , but i have to ..... :( 
i got 3 good morning texts yesterday , and i've only got 2 today :( . 
USERNAME good morningg ❤ sidenote : you cutee ❤ & strangerr 😔 
USERNAME i think he might need some too .. > :( do you have your phone back ? ? 
my grandad served our country and i'm so grateful to spend these last couple of years with him before he passed away you will be missed :( ( 
single & ready to mingle lol ! this single shit played out now lol 💔 
can’t wait for my son to come home later…i’ve missed him so much :( 
USERNAME i wish i could have a attitude , but i'm not serious enough :( 
didn't spend my weekend with joe for his birthday :( i'm a bad bestfraannd :/ 
i havent talked to alma in like a day . wtf . :( 
just waking up feel horrible somewhat throat burning nose stopped up ughh alabama i'll be back tomorrow ! hopefully ! :( 
i wish my back didn't hurt so bad .. 😔 
this week is going to suck ... starting with today . #asocialayo #fml 
i just wanna go back to sleep . someone come and scratch my back and play with my hair please 😞 
why does pasco county not have off tomorrow like everyone else ? 😞 
4 hours of sleep and i have to work #fml #longday 
htc or come see me ! work is slow af :( 
ladies , word to the wise- never use a brand new razor on your va-he-he without caution #ouch # :( 
wishing this were today's #breakfast 😞 #vanillabean #localfood #smallbusiness #connectic @ vanilla bean cafe URL 
😭 i don't want to get up and go to work . 
you've been faithful you've been true and you've done all you can do , and for your faithfulness it's your time rip tbc 💔 ❤ 😘 
USERNAME but babe u don't :( ((((((( 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME i don't like it in the morning . :( 
lmaoo i told my bf that i was leaving wf my mom , hes sad :( (( 
i've only been at work for 2 and a half hours and my day has been extremely shitty already . i'm ready to go home 😔 😥 😰 
bummer ! no #nygiants on tv today because they're on at the same time as the #patriots . :-( tom brady is hot , but i bleed big blue ! #fb 
i see all these people like happy two months , happy 5 months baby . thats when shit is cute :( ( #missthat 
feeling like crapola today .. these sinus headaches are killing me :( 
i really hope my moms okay i don't want to lose her 😪 💔 
last day in the big apple 😢 @ times square URL 
but i have to go to church today <<<< #fml 
i really hope someone i know walks into this instructor training course because i am so alone right now 😥 
USERNAME lol , i had to work . i haven't spent a whole lot of time with him bc of that . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME wag i love u too jason ! ! :( 
USERNAME aw that suck cuz i won't be able to make it today cuz doug will have my car :( 
USERNAME USERNAME ur lucky ! i want him to say he loves me back :( 
omg maybe oatmeal and bananas a bad combination ! ! 😣 
i don't ever feel good , and i hate it :( 
i forget what kinda sandwich i had last night :( 
USERNAME fuui , mas tava fechada =(( n bati foto mimimi só tava aberta a porra da loja de perfume francês :( 
its official ... i have no voice 😔 no #honorchoirprobz #musicfreaks #gr 
i don't wanna wake up and go to work ! :( 
kailyn got a good morning text ... i want one :( 
rather annoyed at the fact i fell down the stairs yesterday . now i can't move my foot at all .. 😰 😢 
ohmylord , dirty hangover from hell . #fml #sunday #work #meeting 
USERNAME i know . it only has like 7 :( 
. . . up with a headache :( (@ the sancutary USERNAME URL 
pressure is up :( (@ camp shelby medical/ finance mob/demob center) URL 
wake up and can barley breath through my nose #fml 
i love looking at old pictures , but i hate the memories they bring back :( 
USERNAME b8 the apple of my eye love u & miss u way more ya b3d eldeniaa entii 💔 💋 , e walla let's entii o honey bunnyUSERNAME kan bykml 😘 
USERNAME u took to long 2 txt back so i went night night nigga :( 
i should get up ... but it's so much warmer under the covers . 😣 #decisions 
whyy won't my body let me sleep in ? already been up for almost an hour . :( 
she said good mornin and . im sorry :( ... umm ? ? ? wtf else happened last nite ! i musta really been fcked up ! 
when you want to text him then realize he's not your baby anymore </3 
oh the things USERNAME does to me when he sings ... wish he was coming closer to ri on his tour :( #never #kiss #tomorrow #goodbye 
bye amish country 👋 thanks for a good weekend 😢 
the comments scare me ... the language is despicable ... regardless of party .. does anyone have any pride , class and dignity :( 
i can't just have sex anymore . i want something to have meaning for once 😔 
USERNAME re-read what you said me sound like im young 😔 im heartbroken now 💔 
USERNAME all we have seed this weekend is a spike and a doe :( 
and my day has already started off sucking , no coffee . 😢 
i want to be able to look forward to talking to someone after a long day of work , but i get out and i have nothing on my phone . #sadtweet 
hate waking up in the morning with my dick hard af 😒 😔 
USERNAME ughh 😭 😭 . could've save me a piece ... 
i got so many assignments and test due this week #fml 
USERNAME re-read what you said you made me sound young 😔 im heart broken now 💔 
USERNAME i called jane for the address but she was taking her time to send it so i fell asleep . 😟 😢 
i always text my cousins when i'm really upset . they know how to make me feel better 😞 
good ass memories when i lived in mission galleriaa . 😔 
whyy are the men at pete's stardust beautiful ? ): 
nothing like waking up stuffy two days before second round all-state . #fml #stressed 
omg i feel like shit :( but it was totally worth it . i think 
two hours driving north and the temperature difference is over 20 degrees #fml 
USERNAME it's all good . like i mentioned , people get new boos and just disappear . 😢 
i just want to be at home in my bed 😔 😔 😔 
i miss my best friend USERNAME , i wish she'd drive down here already ! 💔 
i miss yound , i miss you .. i fucking miss you </3 
USERNAME :( ugh i'm so sorry ! do you have to wait for like triple a to come ? 
i think imma need to go to the emergency room :'( 
USERNAME i know . i miss when pacha used to be packed but the crowd was always on point 😔 
i have so much studying and hw to do like why do i always leave it for sunday 😔 haha ttyl 
USERNAME :( ( yup uhuh saying you don't got time :/ bye forever 
feel like shit & got 0 sleep 😭 😢 😴😷 
i do miss all my goodmorning texts and calls ): why people stop ? 
yeah i can be mean , i'm sorry like really i am . 😔 😒 😪 lol 
just realized i actually have to wear regular clothes to school now 😭 
chilling at the house waiting to get these shoes //niqqa parents be playing ///::: :( ((( :( 
mane , my babies gone be in town tonight & ian even going to the game :( ( 
fell asleep on USERNAME :( we was having a good conversation too lmao . 
i feel like im watching a really sad movie #sadtweet #ifwisheswerefishes 
USERNAME im sorry baby but my fone is off :( 
& i'm awake again , my sleep patterns estan de pinga 😣 
i'm having a very hard time getting USERNAME to read the poem i made for him :( URL 
first time my dad wont be here for christmas or thanksgiving </3 
USERNAME o ya . well it's a mix of both . i always started fights because he's ignorant as all hell . it's really bad . 😔 
i wish i could have seen USERNAME last night 😔 
i forgot to charge my phonee . im gonna have no phone on this 6 hr drive :( 
i am scheduled for 7 hours after we close to do a window tonight . 7 hours . to do windows . 😞 
🎶pretty brown eyes , you know i see you . it's a disguise the way you treat me . you keep holdin @ david 💔 artis URL 
ikno oomf is mad i feel asleep once phone last night . sorry :-( 
he aint coming ahh bully bull rt USERNAME sad that my god brother can't come tonight , he has to work :( 
i just want to go back to school tomorrow in no pain , not go back to the surgeon for more ): #hurtsbadenough 
trying to get up n start the day but i'm hungry :( 
sunday morning and i was awake at 8 am :( ready for nap but it will be after church ! 
all i wanna do is lay down ... that's the only time i'm not in pain :( 
o-r's joe tuscano describes the emotional w&j win saturday (and catches a great shot of team dousing coach sirianni ): URL 
another one who was close to me and my best friend passed away . i swear . i can't take all these ... :'( 
USERNAME get a lawyer . you have been violated . people as a whole (back hole ? ) not very brite :( 
it's cold and to freaken early for softball 😣 if this is not dedication i don't know what is⚾ 
getting my tire fixed . :-( (@ monro muffler brake and service) URL 
ugh . i have to write an essay and haven't even started it yet . #fml 
my biggest fear isn't spiders or clowns anymore its losing you .. 💔 #lost 
😭 taking my 0g plugs out of my ears . 
i hate not being able to play 😢 😭 #injuryprobs 
kinda upset that i missed USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME phone call last night 😞 😢 
USERNAME please god no more bad luck ... i lost my voice :( 
USERNAME i wanna watch it again but i can never find it online 😭 😩 
i feel super bad man my dad took my phone when i got home do i could be the first one to tell jalen happy birthday 😥 😢 😪 
i guess that i'm just that girl that is there only when people need a hug or something but when i need some things everybody runs ) ): 
just woke up and i just wanna go back to sleep . #tired #sadtweet 
USERNAME not sure how i will manage without long island medium tonite :( but glad you are not long island frozen . 
the only bad thing about USERNAME and #appstatefootball winning the socon title is that now they may not need me to walk on in spring :( 
maan i wake in think to myself is this really real did this really happen , are u really gone ? ? then these tears fall 😥 😿 😿 😿 😥 😥 #ripchuck 
i can literally not walk this morning or fully extend my leg and i was up all night tossing and turning . please don't let me be hurt ... 😢 
USERNAME i'm sorry bebe :( but i still love you & i'll come to see you ! you & niki are really the only ones i'm gonna miss ! #loveyou 
USERNAME i wish i could but i have to work .... :( ... 
i reeaallyy don't feel like going to church today 😞 
all the bling i need for my anniversary photoshoot today :( @ palm beach island URL 
i hate sitting here and watching you get fucked over .. at least reading about it ! please move on 💔 
why is my ex bfs cousin so dang hot ? ? ! ugh i wish he didn't have a gf . 😔 
i cant do this ! god didn't prepare me ): 
USERNAME jayden does the same thing ... i will never understand that :( 
i don't want to go to school tomorrow . 😢 😵 
i don't wanna work :( i wanna lay down cuddle and watch movie all day ! ! 
USERNAME 😔 😔 😩😩😫😫😫ok mom , i'll get up and go 2 school if i have too . :( i don't have no one 2 eat breakfast with :( fast food brkfst suck 
that bonnie & clyde relationship , where we ride together 🚲, cry together 😭 , fight together 👊💢 😡 , die together 💀 ❤ 💀 >>>>>>>> 💏💯 #300 
USERNAME angah , jgn mcm ni , sabar lah :( 
USERNAME yes ! i bugged the crap out of the woman to try to let you work the unc promo with me but she only needed one person 😢 
gonna be nice out today & i have to go to work #fml 
also can’t forget USERNAME sweep . great win on senior nigh t.t oo much good stuff for 140 characters . USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
hanna's doesn't want me to take no pictures of her 😔 
i'm exhausted but i can't go back to sleep ): 
back to booneville 👎 😥 all ready to be back home ! ! 
USERNAME :( but you made up for it and played great 
USERNAME 😧 i didn't see this until right now . when're you free next week ? i'm free monday and wednesday . 
i don't think i can handle one right now .. 😔 
my entire family is going to bosnia this summer except me 😔 
why can paxton not let me sleepp ! ! its still my weekend ! :( 
this is the worse feeling in the world . #earlyasfuck # ): 
i seriously wanna cuddle right now i'm so cold #brr 😞 😔 
the last two nights i've woken up at like 6:00 ! why wont my body let me sleep ? > :( 
can't believe he just tweeted about the car wash 😭 
this week will probably be the busiest , hardest and most stressful week of my college career .. let me start by wasting my sunday doing hw :( 
yes , please run over my fingers while i'm picking up the change that you threw at my feet that was supposed to pay for your whole order .> :( 
USERNAME wait ... why am i a conehead ? :( 
“USERNAME last morning in costa rica :( URL talk about a champion's way to start the day ! ! #yolo #jealous 
when you dream your husband comes home and wake up and realize he's still gone ... 💔 
damn i was just thinking ill be off on my own soon 😢 don't wanna grow up 
no nigga rememer what you said friday ! hurt my feelings 😭 
i just wanna sleep ! i'm so piissed . can't fall back into lala land :( 
i never want to leave my bed in the morning . 😞 #socomfy 
just now realizing how badly my phone is cracked omg :( 
USERNAME ahh i wanted you to ichat with me last night ): 
why isn't USERNAME famous yet ? they're better than half the bands that are really bi right now jfc > :c 
i hate having bad dreams . i always continuously think about them . #waah 😭 😔 
USERNAME ain't trynna reply to my text :( but it's cool ...... 
USERNAME is a jerk ! ! ! 😔 😣 😞 😪 😟 😕 😶 👎 
domingo despierta desde las 8am .. sip a mi nada mas #fml #finals 
thinking back i wish i would have never made the choices i made </3 
i could sleep all day ! unfortunately i have to be at work in an hour . 😣 
just dropped my phone on my face ... if i was sleeping like a normal person , that would not have happened ... 😭 
USERNAME shit :( dutch bros here i come . thx for sharing . 
USERNAME i miss y'all too ! 😢 #watchingwhat ? ! 
just had a dream that snakes were attacking me ... worst dream ever 😭 😭 😭 
try to be responsible and forget my computer charger so it's hard to get anything done , someone please bring me a macbook charger to ljs :( 
USERNAME yeh my fiancee is military and got transferred there & i heard there's nothing to do there :( lol . love the show btw 
the fact that i used to like oomf and i do again is driving me crazy 😞 
USERNAME -yes biotch ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😒 😡 😡 😭 😭 😭 😭 
#education #jobs graduation medical education (gme ): neuroimaging - national institutes of health - bethesda , md URL 
#education #jobs graduation medical education (gme ): neuroimaging - national institutes of health - bethesda , md URL 
stay in my bed all day & listen to tswift ? ? i think soo . #upset #cryingsucks #fml 
normally this feeling goes away but their is something about you that always makes me feel like this 😞 i think i'm going to give up 
last day of ga new year , and last day to see all my ga people ! :( 
i feel like i got ran over by a truck 😣 
USERNAME mas odii assalamualaikum .... i phone 5nya belum ada yang unlocked mas :( hiks , ... kmrn aku dah ke apple store hiks 
working on a sunday when i have to midterms tomorrow . ughh . 😭 
it's 8 .... and i'm wide awake and felix isn't here to cuddle 😢 😫 😖 😭 USERNAME i miss you come home ! ! lol 
i hate feeling like i have to compete for someone i care about #sadtweet 
suppose to be at visitation but won't be able to go until next weekend :( 
the only person i know that would come over and drink all night with me is in a different time zone :( USERNAME 
USERNAME lol i tend to do that alot 😔 my apologies 
apparently i'm flying the only airline in the world that doesn't have self checkin . line for dayys . :( URL 
USERNAME i know ... i'm never drinking again ... 😷 😱 😭 
happy birthday daddy :( rest in peace my hero <3 . i love and miss you :'( 
look like a hickey . but its actually a burn . :( 
hiding in the bathroom at work because i dont wanna work . #fml #saveme 
everyone is talking about relaxing ask day , and i gotta go to work ! :( 
USERNAME i texted you like 4 times yesterday and you didn't answer me :( 
have been deer hunting and yesterday i shot doe , and todays hunt was spoiled by the rain . :( 
USERNAME aww no way :( insurance ? or new screen from amazn ? ! lol 
i guess eating subway at 1am was a mistake because i'm so full :( 
i guess i don't have time for a relationship 😔 oh well . everything in due time 
well , let my emotions fuck me over on that one 😥 
okay USERNAME your tweets are making me depressed haha 😞 
working on sunday when i have 2 midterms tomorrow ... ughh . 😭 
everyone is talking about relaxing all day , and i gotta go to work ! :( 
tomorrow i have to leave saranac lake nd quite frankly i do not want to leave at all :( 
im up way to early , why couldnt i sleep in . i work today :( 
staying up all day taking care of my mom<<< 😔 
i miss USERNAME ... but i gotta get all the overtime i can get .. :( 
i have my best friend home now i just wish my baby was home :( 
a torturous 30 min layover :( #sigh . until we meet again my love . i miss my city and all the people in it . URL 
six years ago today i woke up to the awful screaming and crying that i will never forget .. i miss my cousin autumn more than ever ! 😥 
i have ear infections like every month . 😭 make it stop 😢 
my regular morning meal @ mcd's in dekalb = $5 something , morning mcd's in san diego = 11.82. wtf no $$$ menu here :( #fatarse 
USERNAME USERNAME i had to wake up early for day 2 of the sailing competition :-( 
USERNAME oh goddammit i just woke up to drive over and see you finish :( i'm a horrible dad . good job though ! 
my throat infection has now turned into a sinus infection . 😢 😷 
that was a terrible , terrible , terrible , terrible dream . #sadtweet #backtobed 
i would wake up sick on my last day home 👎 😥 
USERNAME hahaha well i missed an eight point this morning #feelinlikeagreenhorn :( but to the rest of funday sunday ! #bringiton ! 
USERNAME whaat ? 😞 and they didn't even schedule me . 
i hate when i don't go out with my friends i feel like i miss so much interesting stuff 😔 
USERNAME who is this fucker who took my place ? ! ? ! i'm in the same time zone :( 
all i want to do is watch the bruins . is that too much to ask ? ? 😔 
mom woke me up thinking i had work at ten ... i don't have work til 2 #fml #exhausted 
USERNAME i missed going out with y'all last night 😔 #grandmaprobz 
wake up in the morning feeling like ... um i have a headache . why cant i sleep in anymore ? ! 😭 😭 😭 URL 
soo my gf ain't hit me back yet 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME haha that's dangerous 😔 she's a violent person #angermanagement lol 
:( billy's leavin me :( forever:*( (@ reno-tahoe international airport (rno) w/ 3 others) URL 
USERNAME darn i was hoping u and i were havin a baby 2gethr wah :-( 
i don't understand why people wake up earlier than 12 on the weekends , this is not fun 😔 
back home i swear i didn't want to leave ): 
USERNAME how are you losing weight ? i really need help . ): i can't gather up all the motivation i need but i want to ): 
i feel like shiit , and i got work #fml 
idk how i got like this #sickaf 😔 😷 😰 😩 
i enjoyed sleeping in this morning , but i am not looking forward to going into work later :( #itpaysthebills 
somebody come babysit me today . well , more my dogs . im sick and i just wanna sleep :( . #wah 
USERNAME i didn't see a single snow globe in canada ... ): 
definitely should have eaten before drinking last night . 😣 
tried to watch the movie bolt last night , fell asleep . :( 
i want to take me friends out to ihop but i don't have money . :( 
USERNAME miss you too baby :( <3 hangout soon ? ! 
how i showed the video of me & my brother boxing to my family last night & they said i lost 😔 
i just wanna be at church this morning . :/ screw this work thing :( 
USERNAME why are pumpkin donuts off the menu already ? :( up to thanksgiving is still pumpkin time ! ! they are so yummy ! 
i really don't like sleeping with sirens that much anymore #sadtweet 
i got so much hw to do when i get back home from church 😔 
good morning , going too spend time with my love today </3 might shed a few tears don't like too see him cry ! ! ! ! 
i have butterfly's for all my girls today 😔 not ready for it to be over today , therefore it can't be ! #mhsforever 
the last thing i want to do right now is get out of bed :( 
USERNAME didn't hear about it ? ! dang :( you're not the first one to say that , actually ... next year will be better advertised . 
wish you could order clothes off of pinterest . :( 
USERNAME wait i already miss u .. 😥 it's only ben 2 minites 
soo glad to be off that plane omg . 😣 
USERNAME can you yell at molly mcdermid for smacking my butt tuesday because it really hurt :( please and thank you 
my heart can't possibly break when it wasn't even whole to start with . 😔 💔 
USERNAME i bet she’s already started . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
dropping red punch on the carpet <<< #fml 😑 😑 
i don't see me falling in love with another guy like i did with my ex . ever . i was so in love .... smh 😣 
USERNAME i know they don't fml . ! i noticed that when i got them . :( 
wanna be sick ? no problem ! just go to dollywood , in 63 degree weather , with no jacket and stay approximately 8 and a half hours . #sick ! ): 
where is USERNAME i need some erie dining help 😢 
no church for this sick little girl today :( but i have bread bash tonight ... should be fun #doubtit #wannadie 
USERNAME i'm a funny dude , but wait you're lesbian for real ? 😳 😔 
i'm so tired but i can't go back to sleep 😞 
in two weeks it'll be a year since i've seen USERNAME USERNAME , hollywood undead and a7x live deppression setting in :( 
can't wait to go back to sleep , so sleepy . 😔 😴 
USERNAME lml icnt 😔 ihit mi head thts waa woke me up 
its soo nice outside , depressed because i have to spend it indoors :'( 
47 pts 6 ast and 10 reb but we still lost 😔 URL <<<-uofl commit terry rozier 
very unhappy that my polynesian resort magnet was stolen from my door on the cruise :( . guess i'll be looking for a new one today . 
when everyone in my house is asleep and i'm hungry <<<< 😥 
farewell time ... :( never thought i'd see my two awesome german hitl @ san diego international airport (san) URL 
USERNAME aww :-( we will have to wait til its nice out so he dnt get sicker goin in n out anymore than he need to 
when people act like they care about you then all of sudden stop giving a fuck and leave you lookin like . 😱 😟 😕 😦 💔 
i dont really listen to soulja boy . lmfao i was js id rather . ): 
officially just disassociated from my chapter 😭 😰 #saddestday #whatamigonnawear 
matt & kim is on 20 on 20 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #lifeisover 
it's about to be one longg day ... #herewego #leggo 😞 👍 
went to bed without washing my face .... i can just feel the pimples coming 😦 
USERNAME i mean it's cool if you don't i'll just find another 😔 *looks away like the white people in the movies* 
really wanted to go to church ... but i cant get out of bed . :( 
can't wait to see USERNAME tonight wen i get home <3 missed her :( 
when USERNAME is sleeping don't be cute he will yell at you . :( 
porque no te puedo parar de pensar porque porque porquee 😣 😔 
USERNAME it died after an hour and froze so no help ! :( 
you just left and i miss you :( come backk 
USERNAME oh i was going to be like ehh you unfollowed me ): 
oh no she unfollowed me :( how will i live my life ? ... 
i wanna cry ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
ajai tall ass was talkin shit ta me last night for being so short :( 
just found out i had tickets to heat game in memphis tonight , 4 rows back from their bench ! ! ! ! that'll teach me to answer my phone ! ! ! ! 😔 
mehh just realized my dad isn't gonna be home for thanksgiving :( 
fell asleep thinking about you , <3 <3 dreamt about you , <3 <3 woke up smelling you , <3 <3 now i miss you . <3 <3 :( USERNAME #missingyou <3 <3 
USERNAME right ? ! ? ! i haven't told eric yet .. he's sleeping .. lol i'm scared :( but f white litahs 
“USERNAME tw lineker (ex-barcelona ): "would you believe it ? messi's just made it 76 for the year , surpassing the great pele 
it's really hard trying to not snap right now . 😭 😠 
i need a iphone 5 case before i drop it :( 
hot bath foot massage hot tea n silence in that order .......... #wishful thinkn ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME aw i'm sorry :( eat some soup and stay comfy ! ! 
“USERNAME no body gives a fuck about your lost puppy bitch . URL i called them 😭 
USERNAME agha hasi ? msg sign in nemishe :( (((((((((((( 
honestly could be the worst day ever and on top of it my phone is broken and USERNAME opens my snapchats but doesn't reply 😭 😭 
now to study for these tests and do some homework ... 😞 
soo i realized las nigh that i'll b in dc for my nephews first bday ! :( 
well .... guess the mike vick era has officially ended :( 
alex is headed to the locker room . hold me close , tony danza . :'( 
if auntie olga home imma tell her to get me 😔 
USERNAME but then you have to pay for shipping ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sorry i had leave early guys . 😔 
worst headache ever and still have to drive back to buffalo👎 😥 😩 😣 
now the last song ? ! 😧 abc is playing the best tear jerkers today ! ! 😭 
shit tits . i regret this process . i'm just going to sit on my floor for fifteen minutes and sulk . 😞 
i'm not scared of you , i'm just scared your gonna hurt my feelings again 😔 
USERNAME insert USERNAME and USERNAME for the bills :( i feel ya .... 
when big leaves carrie at their wedding <<<< #heartbroken 💔 
USERNAME why do bad things have to happen to her :( 
USERNAME i posted a pictures & dm'd you & i got nothing . no love . 😔 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( ((( miss youu ! ! thanksgiving break cant get here fast enough ! 
i . need . too . go . shopping . :( 
just said goodbye to my doggies and my guinea pig :( #sadtweet 
being pissed off and sad for no reason <<< #hormonal #fml 
homework , projects , proposals , and extra credit 😞 and football 😊 
somebody pray for me my eyes so heavy . i got another 45mins to go :( 
i've literally been on twitter and insta all day long . #teamnolife 😞 
this pug only had one eye :( @ ocean county animal shelter URL 
how come my twitter page isn't like everyone else's where they have the lil background behind their picture ? ? :( 
USERNAME jajaja , ya no ire a esa peluquería , me lo desgraciaron :c . 
USERNAME 😱 😞 no you don't , you're great ! 
:( ((((((((((( rt USERNAME i feel bad for selena #savegavin USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME awhh i was going to come get you & it's too late i have to leave for work in an hour :( 
bottomless drinks are too much for me ... :-( #drunkytweet 
i wish #oomf didn't hate me anymore #imsorry #meanit 😭 😢 😫 
thanks to the jerk who ruined my day and now i can't concentrate studying :( 
i just called the ambulance for my grandma i hope she okay :( 
i feel like i've done everything to forget him . but maybe i never will . </3 
i'm being such a sore loser 😭 falcons lost #crybaby 
my head is pounding so much it hurts to blink 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME we should do it together one day ! if only i lived in brooklyn ... :( 
work sucks . only an hour and a half left and already feel like dying . :( fuck 
aww alex smith will not return to the game :( 
USERNAME please call me ! i've not had the best day :( #dannyedgepaulzimmer 352-573-8355 it would mean the world to me 
USERNAME 😔 i'm sorry i've been mia ... work consumes all my time imy mucho lil sis 
i'm at i-64e parlking lot :( (newport news , va) URL 
i wish coach thigpen was still here teaching us :( 
it's hard to think about someone you don't want to go back to but easy to still say you love them ! 😔 
USERNAME i looked to record it but they don't have it anymore 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i think we have experienced our first heart attack ...... USERNAME 😳 😩 😭 
“if you promise you weren’t going to raise taxes and you do , we want to make sure people in your district are aware .. " #norquist re :c liffneg 
me & my hunny USERNAME this morning right before he started yelling 😭 😭 😭 😭 URL 
USERNAME haha ... kiciera pero estoy trabajando ... :( no tengo day off esta semana ... 
wow that's depressing . the civil wars split up . that is incredibly sad . :( 
ouija boards scare me . i'm such a wimp when it comes to that stuff :( 
i wud really like ta go home & see tha fam nxt week but i kno that's not gonna happen :( 
it's something that yu need to have cuz when she leave ya ass she gone leave with half 😧 
that feeling of accomplishment whenall the laundry is done😁>>that feeling of disappointment putting the 1st item bck in the dirty clothes 😔 << 
this is why we slide and don't get fancy alex . this is why we don't get fancy . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
it was go nice to go home and stress free for a weekend . i don't want to go back to ww :( #roommateproblems #stress 
i wish i could watch the dallas game at work 😔 
USERNAME well apparently not ! my dad didn't get the days off so i'm just going to party here in co :( 
why is it still that if i see u my heart races , i lose my breath , and i become so sad .. why do i miss you so much still .. just disappear ! </3 
:( rt USERNAME andrey arshavin takes family to mcdonald's , uses discount vouchers URL 
USERNAME duuh , lol but i forgot what i wanted :( 
i miss my baby girl USERNAME i haven't seen her in 19473728162848272 days . :'( 
USERNAME ahh 😔 ... i mean it is only fair since the scalloped potatoes was my idea . lol 
i use to say fuck love but now i'm in need of summ in an upset mood ! :( 
do i just delete all the pictures or ? ? ): 
USERNAME thank you ! he had an allergic reaction :( 
florida is gonna be in the low 80s high 70s all week and i'm coming home to 50 degree weather :( 
😢 😢 why are all my close friends leaving for afghanistan ! ! #sadtweet 
USERNAME hahha ya somos dos se murio yo digo haha :c 
that's like the tenth time jess said i'm coming now today and she's still not here 😣 😠 
ugh i need to talk to you :( #imissmybestfriend #imessedup #wantyouback 
it would be funny if i plan everything and then i never get married #actuallynotfunny #sad #depressed 
USERNAME could not find requested page ... :-( ... the link says .. 
what chapter were we suppose to read for ap gov ? ! #help :( 
USERNAME 😔 it'll last me til next wknd most likely 
those moment you just want to crawl in a hole and disappear .. 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME whaat ! ! craziness .... boo for that :( 
he said he loved me , and that feeling hard to forget /: #sadtweet 
didn't get to see oomf in tally this weekend :( 
who wants to come kiss my boo boo that's located on my tongue ? :( 
i feel like poop . someone take care of me . :( 
i wish we could all transfer somewhere fun together 😭 USERNAME USERNAME 
cutest dream i ever had , awh i wish it was true 💔 
thats how i feel when my friends start speakin laotion 😞 rt USERNAME mt family is sitting (cont) URL 
anybody wanna txt ? . phone aint gettin no love :( 
#dannyedgepaulzimmer 352-573-8355 i've not had the best day :( please ? 
i just wanna be in my bed but i have to stay til 8 again 😭 
just woke up from a delightful nap . a nap in which my mommy tucked me in . miss crazy ole al-pal already :( #mommasboy #watsonsinbg 
USERNAME esperaba leerte…en alguna nominación . yo no me encontré en mongoreplier del año . ni la categoría . :( 
USERNAME i love you buddy , even though you hate me with a passion :( 
i really wish USERNAME wasnt grounded for life :( (( 
USERNAME i don't know how to ice skate super cool like them :( ( #problem 
this little girl had cancer . & her name is kiki . she passed away this morning </3 URL 
😔 1246 s . hope ... @ morrison hotel URL 
sho' qe me dejen en paz jajaa * q ya no me sigan haciendo preguntas* :c 
USERNAME now i have to eat alone at dobbins too . ): 
not getting to talk to your soldier all day ..... #butterflies #sadtweet #nomegusta #deploymentsucks 
depressed . hungry . tired . bored . <<< 💔 😰 
you try to help then and they just have to be mean :'( 
having an emotional breakdown because i cant find my fucking yoga pants :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry ! ! ! i don't work sundays :( wish i was there too see you . it's been too long ! 
lazy day today dont even feel like working :( just wish i could have stayed in bed 
i really don't want to sleep in a house with no water power or heat 😭 
USERNAME i wish i could be withh you guys 💔 
i feel like everyone is going to be at that party but me ! ! ! 😪 😔 😞 👎 
its sad to see all of the american flags getting beat up in this rain :( 
USERNAME :( ( no hes not ! lol its cause you guys bugg him its all your fault fino ! ! ! ! (x 
i'm craving so many things . wingstop , panda express , mcdonalds , chick-fil-a and pluckers . #fuckmylife #fattweet #whocares 
USERNAME dear lord i miss being best friends with you :( 
brought violet back home but she is still so uncomfortable and obviously in pain :( URL 
USERNAME i wanna go with you tomorrow ! maybe ill just wait . i need sleep ): 
i wish USERNAME would actually watch every cowboy game with me ... 😞 
fuck then , looks like i'm staying home tonight . :( 
holy fuck i hust realized today is the atl concert in orlando and im not there i am sobbing why am i poor 😭 😭 🔫 
USERNAME lol do :( (( fml its lost foreverr . 
i just want my comfy bed & gotta study 😔 tomorrows monday . 
USERNAME i'm sorry ! :( ill be home all next week for break ! 
i'm so fucking broken .. i just don't even fucking know :( 
i regret not taking all those naps as a kid , 😲 💤 😔 
passing by tampa & thought of you USERNAME :( URL 
i just wanna get this tattoo damnit why am i poor :( 
ohgodohgodohgod i really hope my computer auto saved my paper ... #frozen #fml 
USERNAME me and USERNAME are obsessed with this spot 😢 
movies that involve a dog or a dog that dies , are the saddest movies ever ! ! :'( #getsmeeverytime #straighttomyheart 
USERNAME miss it so much ): i miss getting ready in your car before work omg </3 
worst thing about coming home is i have to leave when the weekend is over :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME my dream is just to meet you guys , i'm so sad 😿 USERNAME USERNAME #littlethings 
headed to kentucky from indy . $3.49 for gas . price is climbing as we head north . :-( 
USERNAME i'm sorry broski ! :( will you be live tweeting #thewalkingdead tonight ? ? 
holy fuck i just realized today is the atl concert in orlando and im not there i am sobbing why am i poor 😭 😭 🔫 
USERNAME at least your on here .... til you break up with twitter 😭 💔 
feel like i just got hit by a buss .... #fml 
a tear is made of 1% water and 99% feelings . #mb #my life :( 
creo q vamos de mal en peor :( creo no saldremos de esta maldita racha q lastima ! ! 
USERNAME even when i come back to school ill be out of gym for a couple days 😭 
im having the habit of smoking alot now >.< #depressing 
USERNAME conheci você e a vick , não deve ser tão ruim assim ): k 
USERNAME USERNAME don't yell at me :( i have a headache .. 
every time there's a chance that i might like chicken ... i just come to the conclusion that i don't :( 
USERNAME i have no idea how to even get action replay 😔 
i really hate seeing my baby sister cry 😔 💔 
[friday , nov .16] - fab lounge - $5 with college ids ,(valid id) $10 all night without #sweet16 (first 16 people get in get a free drink ): 
i really don't belong in a desert . i don't want to leave 💔 🍁🍂 @ flagstaff , az URL 
i don't want to study; i want to lay around and wallow in my misery #sickling 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME i really don't have much not even enough for a bowl :( #sadtweet 
omg ! cabin fever :( im about to lose it ! 
when you think tim mcgraw i hope you think of me 💔 
USERNAME lol i second that 🙋 the last song literally kills me though 😭 
i miss it so much ... 😭 🚗 💔 URL 
i fucking hate frat guys and sorority girls for the most part . #fml #collegetownproblems 
literally , the falcons , alabama and ole miss all lost this weekend . this is the worst weekend ever #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME lmfaoo i know ehh . i guess i am not the only one that uses that word #sadtweet #peoplestopusingtharki 
fml can't believe i'm missing USERNAME bday celebration ... have fun ! wish i was playing w/ my friends USERNAME USERNAME #fml 
USERNAME i thought i been ur friend hoe :( ! 
winter break is probably the last time ill be going to tampa for a loong time 💔 
i already caught my cat laying in milas crib ....... > :c 
i have so much to do tonight ! wah :( 
USERNAME sorry i couldn't find your hat in my junk room :( i'm here in ny now so imma go ahead and by you a new hat now or tomorrow morning ! 
USERNAME bitcchh .. i know you got my voicemail :( 
the song family portrait from pink gets to me 😢 😔 
USERNAME no remember kyle busch is an ass ! lol it's all good , i just didn't want to see the 48 win again . i hate denny had trouble :( 
USERNAME well sometimes you do but he forgot baking soda i don't think his cookies turned out well ) ): 
the more i think about it tho its cheaper to not do that and jus go to work . 😞 
sneeze ! sneeze ! sneezing all day ... makes me week . :( 
uhh i feel alone now since i can't see you , especially today ♥ ☹ 
USERNAME grr , was going to go to there this week , will have to go to USERNAME mothership i guess , drat :( want domain store open now ! 
i rather see my dad an alcoholic then dead 😢 
USERNAME no :( they're all dead already i think ! just shot some beer cans hahahha #pathetic 
imma be ballin all night . the last song , the notebook . #sad #lovemovies 💔 #fml #foreveralone 
i don't want to go back to ohio . i miss the ocean . 😔 
still searching for new work clothes :( (@ rolling oaks mall) URL 
dang , i shouldn't've washed my hair .. ion feel like greasing , flat ironing & wrapping it 😒 😕 😔 
feeling alone in this cold cruel world 😔 😔 😔 
i don't think i've ever cried so much in one day . #worstdayofmylife #byeella :( 
USERNAME i wish there was room in da car . 😞 we goin to da vicky's pink nation party ! 
bored at work .. my phone got no love .. someone txt me 😔 
i just stepped on a spider ! i'm gonna cry :'( 
USERNAME holla at me ok this is my last time , imma regret leaving tiff i dont know why you decided to treat me like that :( 
realizing i have a test and two quizzes tomorrow :( omg ... gonna die ... #hatemondaytests 
USERNAME ok i'll text ya because me no know where you live ): lol . 
USERNAME i will probably be dead by the time i'm 20 😞 
this goes out to all that do have school tomorrow .. 😔 
man future bar just serves empty beer bottle :( #battle4charles 
need to go to worthington but caf ain't got no corn :( 
USERNAME yes ! mines so swollen and i bite my cheek all day err day and can't chew on my left side wahh 😔 
USERNAME we defiantly do ! 😭 so many stories to tell you ! 
the worst feeling is seeing your grandparent cry . holy shit 💔 😭 
always having bad thoughts and making bad decisions when i'm in a bad mood #sorry 😥 
i wish a new season of keeping up with the kardashians was on :( 
i really feel like just watching football all day , but i have a lot of homework 😔 
i look like beetle juice when i wake up 😞 
USERNAME po allen move on i'm upset to that we didn't get house but moved on :'( :-( 
why am i having such a hard time with this today ? 😔 
yo qiiero ir pa’ #rd en #diciembre .. 😢 💔 😔 
i miss my niece and nephew ! ! ! ! :( 
i would love if someone could help me calculate capital inflow for macroeconomics ! i'm about to cry ! ! 😔 
this is love ! ! #puppies #dolsay #nala ❤ 😢 🐶 URL 
i need sleep i can't go to work now 😣 😴 😱 
USERNAME noo i only work wednesdays and saturdays ! 😢 
hey , short people can be the big spoon too sometimes 😞 
i need the new USERNAME shirt ! ! ! ! 👍 😭 😁 #nirvana #friendbase #modsun #hippyhop 
USERNAME i know :( ... my friend just called to rub it in my face that he couldn't reach me and had to give them away ! 
i hate how i can't see icons on everyone's tweets :( 
the notebook come on tonight . i'm ready . ! too bad i have nobody to watch it with 😔 
USERNAME seems to be a midwest thing 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i hear ya tina ! i just go away when they start talking like that ! lol :( USERNAME USERNAME 
whoever can make my headache go away first gets a big bear hug ! 🐻 💛 😔 
i just completely failed at painting my nails 😔 🙅💅 
when USERNAME and USERNAME have guns and threaten me . 😭 😫 #scary 
USERNAME amin abla .. :( sen nasilsin ? hayat nasil gidiyor ? 
not gonna be able to watch the me walking dead tonight ... :'( which means i can't get on twitter either .. 
maann ... work is making me shave .... oh well . had a little stubble going on . :( URL 
USERNAME screw you :( i can't wait to be homee 
[friday , nov .16] - fab lounge - $5 with college ids ,(have valid id) $10 all night without #sweet16 (first 16 people get in get a free drink ): 
i just want my best friend to come home . he is the only one who really gets me . 💔 
..... its about that time ..... :( .... #damn .... 
USERNAME when will you start calling us a family instead of fans :( ? 
USERNAME omg a nap in the middle of the day would sound so good right now :( 
that nursing home visit got me all emotional . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME waiit a minute . was miss t this close to la & i didn't know 😞 👎 😭 😭 😭 
really wanted to go to forever 21 today but rolling oaks doesn't have one and my mom doesn't want to go that far #sadday 
USERNAME nah sorry 😥 on my way back to school 
i hate when you make me feel like this </3 
USERNAME i know omg ): or when she puts us up against the geniuses ) ): 
- i still don't know who the father is . #fml rt: USERNAME USERNAME is over here tryna claim he's pregnant . 
my birthday is on black friday . i don't know how i feel about this .. 😔 😁👊. 
USERNAME really wanted to go to forever 21 today but rolling oaks doesn't have one and my mom doesn't want to go to north star #sadday 
it was so sad to see fred and quinshon leave :( 
does anyone wanna be kind enough to let me sleep at there house tonight 😥 
the only thing helping me get through this year is knowing i'll be living 9 hours away and i get to forget everything about this place 😔 
this needs to be over now>>😬 😔 😟 😢 😞 how i'm feeling 
2 hours have passed by and it feels like 1 whole day not talking to you . :( 
USERNAME lmao i was actually serious bitch but fine bye 😞 
USERNAME yes , me too , but not ky bu . sorry :( but i can't wait to see what matt does there next year ! +i drive a toyota ! lol 
when i'm alone , i think . when i think , i remember . when i remember , i feel pain . when i feel pain , i cry . when i cry , i can't stop . 😭 😭 😭 
tbh i'm all about the r ☹ mance . not to be comfused with actuel romance 
USERNAME USERNAME why can't you guys just get along 😖 😖 😖 😖 😖 😖 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i miss my mom . i miss my dad . i miss my brother and sister . i miss my nephew . i miss my cousins 😔 💔 
noo alex smith 😭 need to be watching this game ! 
really wanted to go to forever 21 today but rolling oaks doesn't have one and my mom doesn't want to go to north star #sadday 
i dread tomorrow , and the next three months so much more than i can tell you 😣 
i am really missing my long lost best friend USERNAME :( 
USERNAME i feel like crap and i gotta be up at 5 tomorrow . bleh :{ 
USERNAME i wanna be hiigh right now shitt ! lol . but i have to wait :( 
everytime i try to go sleep my phone starts playing joey bada$$ stop texting me because its interrupting my nap time ! :( 
USERNAME awe really ? :( you never really fell or anything ... you probably just hit like chairs and stuff lol 
harry :( :( :( :( styles :( :( :( :( help . 
USERNAME why r people tellin me your moving back :( 
i feel like i'm always living in a fantasy ... 😔 
my cousin told me wahh get a boyfriend 😭 lmfao bitch 
USERNAME i just don't want to even think about that .. it makes me so sad . :( 
after last night i realized ... there's no guys like that at our school :( 
USERNAME as soon as i get all this homework done 😔 #loski 
USERNAME i’m not in yet . :( i’ll be sure to get you an invite when i’m in , though . 
USERNAME okay . you lied . i'm giving up now . 💔 💔 💔 💔 😭 😭 😭 😭 
he won't get up ... all i wanna do is go to bed ... t.t 
hair coloring tomorrow will be nothing more then a tease because i can't color my hair 😔 
america's best dance crew is officially cancelled ? no , it can't be 😢 
when you criticize someone , you give no time to love them 💔 
USERNAME ok ima tell me stomach wait til next time :( 
we were considering a stripp club last night ? ? ! ! ! really ? ? ! ! lol 😭 the text message i just read hahah 
the times when noone is around & u go t.t he dumbest look on yur face o_o 
some guy offered me a job at hollister in nashville . :( 
when i tell you i miss you and you don't even act like you miss me . that stuff hurts . </3 
have a safe trip gonna miss you guys :( USERNAME USERNAME 
i took off my plugs for the night and they went back to an 8 :( 
pray for me 😳 😥 😷 #scared #justate #throwingup URL 
my feet killin ! 😧 and i'm not in the mood ... just wanna go home and cuddle with my bed ! 😢 😔 
all i've been doing today is look up phone cases that i'll never get 😔 
still playing , but gtg ready 2 head home :( (@ four (4) queens hotel & casino) URL 
oh no ... so sad for atlanta . the falcons lost . :( not ! ! that just made my day . USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME duudee :( idk what to do for my powerpoint and idk what my group members names are 
saved you , you would have lived forever ." with the babies initials . 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i haven't seen any ads about it :( maybe i just didn't see one 
miss USERNAME we need to hangout soon 💔 these pictures in my phone tho of us . <<<<<>>>>> 
"USERNAME USERNAME lol right man :( fuck . yolo ! ! 
woke up craving hot fries with lemon , salt , and chamoy :-( 
- i feel fckingg good , but me being tired throwing it off #fml .. 
got anthony's birthday present 😭 there goes $45 from my wallet 
realized today i'm going to have to shave and get my hair cut :( 
my bestfriend is sad & she no talk to me ): USERNAME 
i had a good weekend but i hated the part where my dad had to go back home ): 
USERNAME at first i didn't know who this was . why you no ratchet ray . :( 
so awk when carrie brings the girls to petrovsky's and he won't say hi 😞 
damn , dis gon' be the first time imma be widdout my foreva gurl for the holidays ! ! ! # :( 
USERNAME some just sent this to me and said you wish .... #fml URL 
USERNAME say what ! ! our life would have been perfect ! #sadtweet 
this movie gets me every time #thelastsong USERNAME 😭 😢 
that's hard to do .... i have to pretend when i am in the tanning bed :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i know , you guys are always short :( i feel terrible that i'm one of the call-offs too . 
why can't i have what the majority of the world has ... pirmit or soon to be license  #sadtweet 
how can the devil take something that was close to me :( 
USERNAME did you really ? aw 😞 👏💕 thanks man , we niggaz again . 
USERNAME was great seeing you yesterday . even tho our talking was upsetting 😢 i love you tho so keep you're head up . everything happens 
USERNAME lol i know i miss you too :( & we were so ugly it's not even finny 
👈 wishes i got to meet USERNAME gorgeous twin 😞 
USERNAME ahí esta el problema , yo no voy .. 🚫 😿 
USERNAME it's okay . no one cares about mine either . 😞 
you gotta be kidding me if the rihanna vip ultimate party package is sold out already 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
awwee . USERNAME zibra_stripe haydnt24 USERNAME @ seems like 2 years ago :( . URL 
if only someone would come over and see it lol :( 
i wanna smoke soo bad right now i cant help it-.- /: fuck this .... </3 
we gave up 34 to the bucs today .... 😔 
:( "USERNAME i dnt bliv in settin p on twitter bcus avies could be misleadin , a babe might luk aii in her avi but in real life she can be ugs 
USERNAME millie ! i miss you , too , goober ! ! :c 
every time i get on twitter i lose a follower :'( 
USERNAME how couldnt you be #thewalkingdead is on tonight ! i'm jealous i don't think ill be able to watch it 😢 😢 
great ! ........... another one of these days 😒 😔 
go home get ready and leave for barn at 12 #fml 
ok , im off gotta run and get some tylenol for my lil man , he isnt feeling well :( 
USERNAME jajaja conchudita no ? oye oye hazme un favor :( URL 
shooting pains in my back and side make even laying down unbearable #fml 
what am i gonna do tomorrow ! omg . no more volleyball :'( 
my life's great for like a week then it goes downhill for the longest time . 😔 
walkin in stacked and hear paradise city by guns and roses playing 😔 
stare you down ? what's there to stare at ? 😞 anyways yeah arguing over twitter is dumb ushould have just said something on halloween” dead lol 
eden still has fever today and is lethargic :( ----teething begins---my poor baby 
USERNAME my meeting ran over time , but i just tried to call you and didn't work :( dm me the email you use for facetime . 
1300-1400 people get to go to the USERNAME concert tonight . 0.0 #jealous #jealousy #ugh #fml 
the bartender just called me a poser for wearing a primanti bros shirt ... #ouch #embarrassing 😔 
:( he looks like a druggie now . omfg . his eyes </3 his face </3 i can't even ... :/ 
i wish i had someone to tell my problems too :( 
you left me :( but it's okay ! we're gonna be besties again 
just saw a bumper sticker . that sounds a little harsh :( 
USERNAME wish i was too boo ! miss you :-( 
i've done it esp watching USERNAME & USERNAME on #teenmom :-( 
i hate this . this feeling . this problem . all of it . i just hate it . 😔 😢 
USERNAME it's not on tv cause its in europe it's only on tv there 😔 
well , so much for the gap sale today . wayy too busy for me to handle . #sadtweet #gaytweet 
USERNAME i've had those nights a couple times 😣 was it worth it though is always the question lol 
too embarrassed to pull out my pillow pet on the flight 😔 
i over think about oomfs and me too much 😔 but it okay because i'm just over thinking and he always reassures me that everything is fine 💚 
USERNAME so far i only have three things 😭 😭 what size shoe are you ? ! 
why does texas have to be so far away :( 
USERNAME yum yum sound good second sunday i done missed out :( 
USERNAME wow i just seen this </3 girl i really wish not either ! i miss him and love that kid a bunch ! 
i miss those convos me and USERNAME use too have 😔 
well not only did my appendix burst last week but today i ended up back in the er in so much pain to find out i have kidney stones :( ugh 
loving this weather today jus missin my snuggle bear 😢 ☔☁⚡ 
my favorite relationship breaking up and it ain't even mine :'( 
USERNAME where did you go ? :o &just asking i'm bored :c 
USERNAME ppl saying u died i was about 2 jump off my house be4 my sis told me u tweeted i'm crying </3 
had such a nice day with my momma today , so sad she just left :( 
USERNAME hi lei , soo im going too a function tnight and hella thought you and how we never got to hit up one lol , missyouu boo ! 😞 
USERNAME :( (( i know ! we were so close ! 
me because it's been a week since i've seen USERNAME ): URL 
USERNAME thanks for not txting me . in just gonna go hide and cry now 😢 lol 
my nails are always so sore after i get them done 😞 
that's sad , i don't want it to happen to me :( (( 
took october off from cardio at the gym and now i weigh 180lbs . afraid if i start again i'll loose the booty :( 
haven't ben on heree in a minute . 😐 😔 
seriously , did the planets line up or crazy things happen ? i've turn down 4 males this weekend . USERNAME knows i can't deal 😔 
USERNAME i know :( i think it's really hard to learn , but speaking it doesn't seem so hard . 
sad moment when i realize that i didn't even see the sun today :( 
USERNAME i just want flawless skin like all the other girls at troy 😭 
i'm looking at the phone right now ! ! ! :( ( no txt ! 
i hate sundays :( its football then bed then its one step closer to monday :( blsh #workproblems #hatemondays . 
i want to go to sleep now .. but its only 6 :'( 
man dont nobody txt or call and check on me nomore tf 😔 
if USERNAME doesn't pick me up i just might cry 😿 😪 
it seems like USERNAME only follows verified accounts now . 😞 
the only reason i ever get messages on here is if someone sends me spam 😔 
USERNAME miss you too :( do you know what time were leaving on the 26th ? 
#itssodepressing leaving my boyfriend knowing i won't see him for a couple days :( #longdistancerelationshipssuck 
my dumbass almost left my phone in the store lmfao 😣 
USERNAME miss me enough to never go see paranormal :'( 
i miss my sister already 😔 i wanna come back next weekend ! ❤ USERNAME 
USERNAME i'm fat :( i am now at least #notgood 
this weeks gonna go by slow , i can already tell .... :( 
lei ! im hittin' a function tonight nd hella thought of you and how we never got to go tgether , missyou boo ! 😔 USERNAME 
i really need to catch up on last weeks episode of american horror story but somebody ( USERNAME ) won't answer their phone :( 
i'm so not ready for school . 😔 😔 😔 
boredom . #bored #negative #colorful #fan #instagram @ home :{ d URL 
my eye is swollen again 😔 idk how this happens 
USERNAME whatt ! ? how did i miss this :( you guys dont know what backyard football is until i get involved haha . 
popped and dropped by the hotel exit . :( @ embassy suites hotel URL 
being single just plain out sucks 😞 😞 😞 😞 
went to 482 today . 😢 i miss it so much . #liveyourlifeatamericaneagle 
don't know where my sammy is but i just hope he's safe . :( 
do love when my throat starts hurting like a bitch again and i can't eat :( 
.. when you wana have a serious face but you end up laughing your ass off :( l 
USERNAME i can't ! i just bought make up and another pair of shoes :( 
im gonna keep tweeting about how much i miss USERNAME until we start hanging like we used too .. 😢 😔 😞 😩 😭 
the last song and then the notebook ... yep getting the tissues ready 😢 
USERNAME i'm dying right now , way to embarass me on twitter .. #fml 
want to stay in disney forever ! ! ! ! i'm like a little kid i don't wanna leavee 😢 😢 
USERNAME aww thank you love but i don't :( . i think i scare them away . 
i don't wanna be sick anymore 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME were u @ i hvnt hrd frm u :( ((( hit me up 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😰 😫 bye ... 😴 
what will i do if my bestfriend goes to chicago , ): USERNAME 
daddy wants to buy me an iphone5 next week and i'm just like 😔 
USERNAME im sowwy 😔 were about to leave by the way 
#exhausted ugh ... my everything hurts lol im sleepy 😞 💤 
everyone in the world that has to use mathxl is trying to do their homework last minute and makes the website keep crashing 😔 
mommy ask me what i was going home to cook .. i'm my mind i'm thinking she gon cook .. 😣 😣 
i just blushed :c <3 i never blush ... #youknowitsreal 
USERNAME i know , i'm a horrible sister ! i miss you guys ! :( love you 
my reading for the day ! #thegreatgatsby 😁 😭 👎 @ santa gertrudis apartments URL 
really should have gone to that party ..... dang it 😔 
i'm still tired , i never get enough sleep here ): 
watching the vow , lonely then a bitch . 😞 😒 
USERNAME lmaoo ! :( i sent the face and still no text back . fuck his life . 
fck it's raining all sick outside :( weak . now i can't mob . 
i dnt think i'll be able to watch dat game tonite :( 
watching stupid cartoons whole weekend .. USERNAME you're killing me ... 💔 
has anybody heard from dansheka ? i had a dream she died two days in a row & i'm worried . she ain't answering the phone :( 
i keep getting lied to and i don't like it 😔 
USERNAME i wish you were here when we were tailgating i was doing it alone :( haha next time they're in philly we are going together ! 
USERNAME wutt ? not cool ! :( you shoulda tweeted at me ! 
here's the thing , i can't think straight . #helpme #confused 😔 😒 
USERNAME no doubt ! sit by me at chapter ! i missed you this weekend ! :( 
USERNAME ill be working ! :( who all goes to this hahaha ? 
i wish brent would charge his damn phone ! :'( 
really philadelphia two injuries ! ! ! ! ! what the heck is happening :( we can't loose tonight or im in trouble lol 
i'm so jealous of everyone who got to go to edc 😔 🌻🌈🌀🎵🎶 
too ... much ... milk ! feel sick to my stomach now ! 😢 
USERNAME i wish :( (( next year we should plan a submission together . 
listening to anything could happen , reminds me of you guys ! ! <3 <3 i miss you guys so much already . ): USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME my whole body is wearing down and i'm only 21 😞 
trying not to cry lol ima miss my papa :( 
completely down in the dumps right now . 😔 feeling like i've had the world on my shoulders for too long . 
my phone won't show me my twitter notifications ! ! ! wahh :( #junk 
i just want to bake treats for people , but i have no mixer or half of the ingredients . #sadday 
USERNAME are there no more passes for tonight ? :( my friend is driving for hours to get there with no tickets ! 
why am i such a nice person . 😔 👼👎👫🔫 
everybody thinks my stink , is my boyfriend . buh he's not . 😔 #sadtweet 
i hope my boys woop ass today . i'm sad i can't watch them this week again . :( 
USERNAME aaw bummer man :( nou nog een maand voordat ik terug ben . en dan is alles natuurlijk goed 
holy shiz i miss every one of my deephers sew much i wish i could tag you all omg love you girls 😭 💔 💜 
i want someone to come stay with me . :( 
dont think ive ever been more nauseous while sober . that winding road didnt help . #fml 
both of my heroes 💚 😔 @ forest lawn URL 
libby's get together ! 😔 😭 back to la she goes😫ps . we all look crazy ! - zonnique URL 
with my window open its too cold , but with it shut its too hot 😭 #firstworldproblems 
USERNAME well i am working until 6 both tomorrow and tuesday and will probably leave right after work tuesday .. :( 
:( (((((((( i need to so my annotations , chemistry lab nd cultural enrichment .. buh i can't get out of bed #screwed 
USERNAME 😔 😞 😢 😭 it's bweaking my heart . where have you been , my friend ? ! 
an hour wait for boiling crab :( fail first time 
USERNAME 😔 no i'm the queen of fuck you city okay 😤 
the only thing i hate about sundays is the horrible farts my roommate have . it never fails . #fml 
USERNAME wish there was a way to see you :( waah . but we'll have to wait till christmas ! #familylove 
i miss you and u know i miss you .. but it was for the best ! </3 
USERNAME didn't go and see you yesterday , you told me after we left 😢 i'm always here if you need me . #followher i love you . 💙 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i couldn't go :( my mom was like it was too last minute and i wouldn't make it on time :( 
they're showing the last song then the notebook back to back .. what are they trying to do to me ? 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yess ! ! ! ! ! ! daniel flaunting his nemo to me 😢 😢 
i love when people tell me how much of a mistake i am , my confidence deff soars through the roof . 👆 😔 💔 
home alone , so i guess i'll watch lmn . 😔 
tomorrow i'm looking for a new job , sonic sucks . 😔 
USERNAME no wonder . lol . didnt know that sg t.t hanks for the heads up . 
i want to see my kelvin but i keep having plans ! ! :( 
i fucked my leg up :( i can barley walk 
just please stop itching ! i can't take this anymore . 😞 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME reply to me baby 😔 ❤ i love you ! 
USERNAME even if i spent time it would be the same result :'( if there was a graphics version of drawsomething i'd totally get it . 
USERNAME just having a little mid life crisis , i'll be okay 😔 
i'm like really hurting :( this back pain serious <<< 
i can't believe cross country season is over now ! i already miss it soo much ! 💔 #whatwillidowithmytime ? 
ya empezaron a cagar el palo los pinchis xolos :( 
need new friends the old ones are moveing apart ( t.t )/ 
why do i never feel the earth quakes ? ! ? ! :( 
no 9am lesson tomorrow . thinking about getting drunk to mourn still being busy as fuck , even after my recital :( #julianjrproblems 
need to take an adderall but i don't want to be up all night 😞 #firstworldproblems 
USERNAME dude ha i know . and okay ! oh and i'm catering with sam :( :( :( so i won't be with you guys .. 
USERNAME i'm suppose to stay in the closet for another month , don't tell my secret gosh 😔 
USERNAME aww :-( feel better ! and lord over your paint minions in the meantime . 
lifetime movies will complete my lonely evening . since my parents think it's cute to go out without me . 😒 😔 
this sun is giving me a migraine :( #eyeinfection #killingme 
USERNAME hey rolemodel ... i'm tired of not being not known . middle class sucks ... :( help . 
i wish USERNAME would come cuddle and watch the notebook with me tonight :( 
hahaha memphis is still mad 😭 rt USERNAME a lot of extra boos here for chalmers . after all , they remember 2008. 
lmfaoo im still laughing at the fact that i said 😭 😭 
i love being in florida don't get me wrong but i really miss my family 😔 😔 
USERNAME i am sad that miss you bff 😢 ❤ 
i am too jealous right now ! ! ! 😥 
i caught myself . i can't do that again . as much as i want to ...... 😔 
i haven't eaten since this time yesterday and i've slept all day today . being sick is so much fun 😷😩 😣 
trying to be patient ... way too hard ! ! #thissucks #wah 😁😩 😥 🙊 
i'm so angry right now that i done made myself sick 😣 😷 
last day :( (@ vdara hotel & spa w/ 2 others) URL 
i swear this is the last time this ever happens again 💔 <\3 
if someone follows me ill follow then back . i dnt care to look no type of way on twitter its just twitter . i do what i wan t.t hat's that 
man fukc i hate wen these girls come over ! > :[ 
USERNAME aww ! i miss you too :( i havent seen you in foreverr :( 
gee whiz i don't know what's up with hoboken but i am dying of second hand smoke : :c oughs:: stop smoking new jersey ! 
USERNAME thnx me too ! i never drink milk , only use it for cereal & now my tummy is upset ! :( 
i missed vincent ustream :( ((cause i was at a friends and ahe wouldn't tell me the wifi password . she gave but it didn't work USERNAME 
it's really lame how fast my mood can change 😔 #whatthehell 
i miss my lebanon family and friends so much 💔 
USERNAME no i wish :( haha how's your kitty ? ? ? 
USERNAME and that you are both heartless assholes ..... 😢 
i gotta headache . only plausible explanation is doing chem lab . 😣 😫 
no one to hang out with no one to talk to or text 😥 #sadlife 
aww USERNAME tweets 😢 . always gotta love our bills though ! ! 👍 ❤ 
my stomach hurts but i can't stop eating #fml #fatty 
biting into my depitted olive salad and being alerted to the presence of a pit fragment by a cracking sound put a damper on my enthusiasm . :( 
the little things that used to annoy me so much i miss the most . never thought i would say that . i miss you so much mom . please wake up ! :( 
USERNAME i know ): i know . whatever what a waste of time . i'm so fucking mad . thanks baby <3 
shoutout to USERNAME for never talking to me anymore . :( gotta new number so text me . #missyou 
i haven't gotten a snapchat in two days . 💔 
USERNAME i know :( maybe i should try to write something , i haven't done so in quite a while . 
'cause we had a beautiful magic love there what a sad beautiful tragic love affair 💔 😔 
ric i miss u and i can't make it to bosten for ur consert :-( 
friend ? ? ? :( i thought we were broz ! ? 
alec won't pay attention to me because the game is on ): URL 
USERNAME and that's what is going to happen because i ain't having any luck finding good ones . 😔 
maadres ! me va a explotar la cabeza ! ! 😣 
you had your mind set on someone else , then why did last weekend happen ? 😔 
same <3 uhh , i already miss living in oregon . ): 
i feel like USERNAME was the only person that understood me when he was here , miss our talks </3 
hannah with my homemade cheese bread . soups were not big hit . :( URL 
that terrible moment when you have to pee and your on the highway . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME thank you <3 two-day meet in two different pools . #sotired .... time to write . deadline #looming . no ! #minngp soon :( 
USERNAME i'm gonna try , but i don't wanna get my hopes up :( 
USERNAME i had to come home for my car ! :( ( 
USERNAME i tweeted you yesterday asking your work schedule for this week #noresponse 😢 
USERNAME oh no ! ! my laptop has been going downhill fast as well . :( 
watching the interview i did with mt or any video from that day makes me really emotional . i miss that day :( 
USERNAME or come keep me company i've been in bed all day ): lets have a fire 
well i had a bad day today 😭 #nevercriedsomuch #fuckfamily #imonmyown 
USERNAME aww sug ! i tried to save a puppy the other day , thought i could skate n catch but it outran me :( 
i hate having to get out of bed to pee when it's freezing 😔 😭 😞 
USERNAME no i couldn't find any :( but i have one for my 4s . it's the believe cover . 
USERNAME idk mang , i'll see probably won't go tho babe :( 
i wish i wasn't listening to it on the radio though :( 
its becoming harder and harder to let you go when you say stuff like that . 😞 #torn 
USERNAME is following 1111 people and i'm not one of them ): 
i miss USERNAME & USERNAME :( come back into my life pwease 
so upset . someone please cook me dinner and drive it to me 😔 😭 
USERNAME i'm sorry love :( do you need anything ? 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME no :( :( my mom like sharkbait 
USERNAME ): sucks . hope you feel better ! <3 
i wish i had USERNAME and USERNAME here to talk 😔 #upset 
i would give anything to just spend sometime with my boo . ughh 😢 
USERNAME they say caution was out before white flag :( 
USERNAME oh fuck ... :( *hugs tight* dude , i am so sorry , that sucks :( 
strep throat for my oldest . :( (@ children's clinic) [pic]: URL 
i really need to go home ... :( #inpain #dontfeelgood . 
USERNAME i love you ): if you need to vent you have my number . 
USERNAME sure .... make me feel bad .. :-( but you stuck it out and did a great job . thanks girl for being there today ! ! ! 
i lost my lip ring when i was sick . now i have to wear this tiny one :( 
USERNAME i know .... :( but hey ! it's not like either of them aren't going to ever go on your again ! 
i'm not as little as i used to be 😔 
USERNAME my room this weekend < my room last weekend :( 
USERNAME well i kinda figured ! if my birthday was before the 6th i would be in 10th grade :( 
the fact that jackie's not gonna be in school tomorrow <<<<<<<<<< 😔 
no , i have to go to 4 different places :'( no resting for me t_t 
i been in the hunt for this boots for a while now . ! :-( 
still upset about the minnesota orchestra's season being canceled . :( 
you're the one that i want day in and day out . i do miss you and i really want you back . ! </3 
getting back into shape is a bitch ! ! ! 😦 😟 
i hate college because i hate writing papers . #fml 
USERNAME he asked me but it says it's too big :( i'd have to send it in little increments lol 
USERNAME thanks for the invite babe but i'm feeling quite sickly tonight . </3 
USERNAME the one in waterbury closes at 6 😭 😭 
its no more hope for me ... :-( ... lol 
USERNAME now that i'll never see you again ! ! :( 
i wish my phone wasn't jail broken so i could see the new emojis 😭 
super depressed about mr . feeny on grey's ... 😭 😭 😭 
:( i left the neclace my dad got me in sd . noo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
things are weird between me & #oomf now <<<<<<<<<<< 😔 
going back to work is gonna be bittersweet . i miss making money but being way from bella will kill me 😭 
i don't have nobody to talk to anymore ! :( .... finna text chocolate . 
USERNAME damnn , i'm sorry :( try n stay positive , even if there is a tear its always possible too make a come back just have faith ! 
USERNAME if you change ur ip u will still be banned i've tried :( 
USERNAME dang it ! why you gotta do this to me :( 
still hurt , boobay left me :( budd everything happens for a reason ! 
USERNAME haha ! ! sounds like my weekend ! ! ! 😭 😭 😴😴😴😴 
i'll pick up these broken pieces til i'm bleeding if that will make you mine </3 
USERNAME i liil man too i basically growing up and maturing in college :( 
tired as fuck 😞 but sleep right now feel impossible . 
USERNAME hahahahaha can't believe you did nari nari ! i like :-( 
USERNAME si descanzaba pero ya trabajo los domingos desde hace dos semanas ... :( 
i'm really mad at oomf , but i do miss them 😞 
USERNAME aww man . ok :( i wish i was staying here . i was gonna say if you were home i would definitely visit you ! #notfeelingoinhome 
USERNAME no no no ! thats not ok who wil" sit with me at lunch , ): 
USERNAME n551as row 15 seat a & b have broken recline buttons on a cross country flight :( #fail URL 
USERNAME oh , you short ? imagine how i feel 😭 
margaret just got the new rock sound with atl 😩😫 😭 jealous 
laying down watching christmas movies with an headache .. :( 
a negative of being skinny and tall: if the jeans are tight enough they are too short :( #jeanshoppingprobs #nopantstowear 
sometimes i wish i had an actual mom . this life is unsustainable :'( 
i wish USERNAME gave me her twitter name so i could see her face ! ! > :( 
teresa and jeni just left </3 bleh . USERNAME USERNAME 
todos se van a ver a siggno menos yo #sadtweet 
idk what's worse , packing or unpacking . 😔 🔫 
- my mom has been gone since friday morning i'm starting to have separation anxiety ): 
USERNAME i know , idk why they start me :( 
it makes me sad that kelly hates where i live :( 
USERNAME lol eddie dnt say that </3 dnt hurt my feelings like that its not my fault my phone sucks :$ 
USERNAME where to find $41 ? ? ? ? ): 
USERNAME i have a game at 2 so i'm leaving after a lunch 😔 
:( rt USERNAME your girl a queen . my girl a thing . 
my head hurts so bad it could make me throw up . 😢 
getting followed by a group of 17 year old pedos at the mall is fucking scary :( 
USERNAME what ? why ! :( text me now ! 
USERNAME i mean if you have a better bestfriend thats fine :( 
super hungry ... crazy ass nights at night ! 😔 
fuuck . i gotta 77 :( in ap government . fml ! ! ! ! 
i miss my little guy so much . idk if i can get used to him being gone every weekend again :[ this party scene is old/sharing my kiddo sucks ! 
black friday i wanted to go to midnight maddness 😔 
never thought the day would come when i would go into a qt and not come out with a jalapeño cheddar hot dog .... #sadtweet 
it has been years since i've cried from getting hurt but i just broke my record from slipping down the stairs on my tailbone . 😢 😢 😢 😢 
i miss my USERNAME :( good thing we can reunite tomorrow 
USERNAME a day to make last b/c next week is the ama awards :-( love my #revenge ! ! ! 
USERNAME i'm a little upset that you didn't hmu when you came to au .... :( 
alright , this isn't funny . who bought all the spinach dip :( how am i supposed to live ? ! (@ trader joe's) URL 
USERNAME boohoo no tengo :c ayee we could get some & catch a sesh c': 
dimitri said whoever im with in the breakfast line caint cut him only air can .. but iont wanna leave them .. :( 
USERNAME lmao hurting bxtches feelings ... hopefully u dnt call me ugyl 😔 
i missed half of the eagles game for my football banquet ... :( 
i feel like i'm the only one whose not going to the wiz concert tonight 😔 #lonertonight 
USERNAME stahp being mad . im sorry for whatever i said now please come back to me i cant go on another day without talking to you :( 
i think my babygirl the answer is mad at me :( 
fuck hollister considering ive spent hella money there and dont even wear it except jeans . :( #givemymmomnryback URL 
i haven't my jaykenz in 5 days << #whereareyou #sadtweet 
that moment when you drop your iphone and have a minor heart attack #sadtweet #waitingforashatter 
desk v2 ... all this , minus mountain lion , which apparently incompatible . 😾 🍎 @ vpc URL 
USERNAME USERNAME i boredd too ... i dont want to go to class tomorrow :( 
haha jerk ): lmao haha i am aver cuando la compre pues 
USERNAME USERNAME erik shut up i don't like you 😔 
uhh , i took off my makeup ? 😣 #rude #thanksmom 
hungry af . got another 4 hours to go ... :( 
i don't wanna leave my catherine 😢 ... huntsville bound ! @ hill country place apartments building 2 URL 
USERNAME but ima be extra shy :c and awee ^__ <3 thankyou ha damn girl holla then ;d 
i wish i still went to school with my best friends ): 
i just slipped on the floor and hit my knee on the refrigerator :( 
i'm giving up on my pokemon yellow emulator on my phone all it does is crash and i've done everything # :'( 
crying in the shower cuz i caugh her at the movies wit another nigga 😔 😥 😰 😭 😭 
😭 rt USERNAME man even my grandpa has an iphone :( 
every team i root for sucks . my career as a sports fan has been awful . hogs , cowboys , braves . #fml 
abc family must really want me to bawl my eyes out all night #nicholassparksmarathon #getsmeeverytime 💏 😭 
USERNAME looks like i brought bad luck to the dolphins . 😔 😞 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME -___- that's my quarterback man 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 my quarterback 
i'm upset i didn't get to see who i wanted to see this weekend 😔 
USERNAME i know girl , i miss you too 😢 ! ! ! hopefully we pull off that spring brake reunion . 
USERNAME i had confirmation classes , but no one feeds and my mom called me fat today 😔 #unlovedchild 
don't know why i feel sick every time i work out 😔 
USERNAME yeah i agree ! boys are confusing ! 😧 
if you don't have in n out where you live i feel so sorry for you :( 
USERNAME thinking she hasn't said that in a lloonngg time #fml 
when USERNAME isn't back :( idk what to do with myself . #sadtweet #hurryback 
ugh just realized that i wore my leggings backwards today :( #awk 
tuesdays gunna suck #midterm #test #whensbreak ? 😒 😡 😔 
not spending lazy sundays with my boo is not the business ... not the same ! 😔 
all i wanna do is go home & cuddle :'( 
another great life lost :-( “USERNAME symphony space co-founder isaiah sheffer dies at 76 - gothamist URL 
USERNAME lmao ! word ? 😳 ... bet ! ! ! 😔 
business was slow so they let me go home . sigh lol homegirl is gonna be poor forever :'( #nohours 
USERNAME tava testando , e minha amg salvou o user pra ela :c qro de volta ! 
i wish my phone had battery . crazy #nascar love it . phones dead :-( 
she can paint a pretty picture , but this story has a twist . her paint brush is a razor and her canvas is her wrists . </3 
crying in the shower cuz i caught her at the movies wit another nigga #softniggatweets 😭 😥 😰 😭 😭 
watching the last song w . USERNAME 😔 ✌. it's one of these kind of nights 
it sucks to see ppl tweet about how bad their relationship with there parents is . 😔 smh 
had the time of my life this weekend . sad it's already over . :( 
USERNAME get on your orders no fries at st . pete USERNAME 😢 
my grandma just yelled at me for getting my belly button pierced . i've never gotten in trouble with my grandma before 😔 
goddammit ! ! ! ! ! ! it's sunday :( :( :( 
omg so embarrassing i was like and my step dad was ryt there 😞 😫 
that movie seriously gets to me every time ... 😔 #actofvalor 
USERNAME they were mean . :( they hated my tan suit 
#beaches 😥 😪 😢 😢 😪 😥 😩😩😩 😢 😪 😥 never fails ! ! ! ! 
hanging out with ashley brings back so many memories #sadtweet 
all i wanted today .... was some fried rice .... #disappointed 😔 
finished three architecture reports , now to spanish and chem and algebra 😒 😔 
great nap ! 🙌 now i have to finish my missing assignments lol 😞 
does anyone know if starbucks is open :'( big les is telling me no :( 
i just loove how USERNAME didnt come by and drop off our pictures :( 
USERNAME how's my savv ! ? 😭 tell her to text me ! 
i hate seeing all the cute couples at my competitions 😭 #iwantaboyfriend #please #jealous 
i woke up from a nap hoping to feel better but nope . i feel like i got a golf ball stuck in my throat 😢 
i tried to drink that pumpkin spice latte and now im nauseous :'( 
USERNAME 😔 i know dnt blame me blame genetics lol ... and who is she i wanna see lil 
“USERNAME i hope i don't live to see the day URL 😱 😭 
USERNAME why you no love me ! ? )': </3 
i want plugs & tattoos & shit too bad i would be disowned from my family 😔 
my water diet starts today ! ! 😑 😒 yay me ! ! no coke for a whole week ! 😔 
USERNAME ahh i would say let's go rn but i'm at st . john 😞 
i wish russel & katy perry were still together :( 
-i had never been so badly injured until i played flobowl ! :( ( #worthit #tough 
USERNAME is mean to me ): i’m always getting in the way 
USERNAME that awkward moment when you vote for jake and he follows everyone but you :( 
i miss my friends . 😞 #sadtweet USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME eu sei :c qro ele de volta ! ! ! 
can not believe i lost my money again ! ! ! agh ... -_- #fml #alwayslossingmoney 
i need it to stop raining . i need to clean out my car . 😞 
USERNAME #hassandsiall oh please let it be me ! :( with my luck it wont be ! 
thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME i wanna but i got nothing to drink :( 
eating goldfish and it's making me think of loose change .. #wahh :( </3 #bestfishever USERNAME 
my niece & nephew don't recognize me .. 😭 😭 😭 
this guy just scooted back on cory ... really ? :( poor cory . @ southwest airlines URL 
i missed charlie st . cloud ): but it's okay cause i still have the last song , the notebook , andd dexter💗 
USERNAME that's because i'm there every minute of my life </3 #missyoustill #wehavetohangout #comingtotally 
i can feel it building , it's bound to happen . catastrophic meltdown in 3 ... 2 ... 1 .. 😔 😞 😢 😰 😭 #help #stressedout 
i'm never sad , this is unusual 😪 😔 😶 
ughh man they wanna buy chicken and i dont eat chicken :( gues ill munch on a biscuit ! ! ! 
USERNAME haha no maybe that's why it keeps happening :( 
USERNAME so i was on my twitter ban and missed my twifey’s 21st . 😔 happy belated birthday 🎂 
USERNAME USERNAME i just now saw this you assholes ! 😔 
USERNAME haha i hate when that happens ! ! ): do you know if holister is having any good sales on black friday ? ! ! 
#confessionnight i live in a house with my parents , my 2 younger brothers & my dog and i still feel so alone ): 
when none of my friends text me back #dontknowwhy #depressed 
USERNAME ugh i hate that i love you so much ! ! ! ! ! :( 
when someone does everything they said they would never do . </3 
USERNAME dude do you work this week ? if you don't work tomorrow could you or someone switch me shifts ? :( 
forgetting i have a algebra and chem quarterly tomorrow 😭 🔫 
USERNAME well we can watch it when you're available ! :c 
it's only been 10 min . and i miss my car already :-( 
USERNAME babe :/ want tickets badly ! :( ! do . you have any at all ? :/ 
wish i could be with my birthday boy USERNAME tonightt 😢 ❤ ❤ 
but legit teaars jus came down my eyess USERNAME wooww u kno the deal waah :'( 
aww i heard my babe USERNAME went to soccer today & i didn't go . lol :( 
about to watch the last episode of one tree hill #depressed #dontwantittoend 😥 
so i'm in line for disneyland about to drop $100 for a ticket and some random strangers come up to me & give me a free park hopper . 😧 🎉 
just saw a deer dead on the side of the road . all i saw was its legs . that's all i need to see 😭 
USERNAME when will you guys call us family instead of fans ? :( 
i've got a war on my mind , so i just ride . </3 
USERNAME lmao but i actually think u might b right this time 😩 😭 
my face looks so much bigger with my haircut :c 
USERNAME when r u comin over to c me .... :( i feel neglected ha ha 
i will never forget when babe kicked that dog that was at justine's party . i wanted to cry :( 
girls can make between 5,000-10,000 dollars for selling their eggs o___o i wish i was a girl :( 
oh forget it :'oo you'll never notice me :( i love you though ariana . you're so beautiful ! i hope i meet you one day ! USERNAME 
USERNAME yeah 😢 i didn't write a whole lot though . about a paragraph . it says on the observation guideline paper ! 
USERNAME if you would stay for you at youth one time , i might could give them to you . 😠 i'll put them in your mailbox tonight 😔 
this history project will be the death of me ! #fml 
i would be home alone when i see the biggest spider ! ! #fml #someonecomeoverandkillit 
USERNAME do you know anyone else i could ask ? :( i am being recognized at a dinner so i can't work :( . 
USERNAME it was busy :( and would've been much better if you were der ! 
wings , beer & eagles football . wassup ;) #sike #nobeerforme :( 
lord , i'm asking you to come change me to the man i wanna be . :'( #why ? #imissyou #:'/ 
my tongue hurts so bad ): biting your tongue <<<<<<<<<<<< 😒 😔 
& kanit pibulsiri jr btta not be fuckin twatchin me either , ! > :[ 
USERNAME awee can we be a family instead of fans ? :( 
my last tweet that i retweeted is how i feel about fabio 💔 
USERNAME i kinda feel like i want to watch a el clasico ... messi goal goal goal ! ! ! ronaldo goal goal goal . :( ronaldo sucks :( 
USERNAME lol . i actually have been reading yur stuff since i started at ui in 94. i read b :c i'm a fan . just wish u'd go on a limb . 
it raining :( (@ chicago o'hare international airport (ord) w/ 188 others) URL 
USERNAME i can't believe how perfect your senior picture came out ! it's so cute , i wanna get mine done ! #twomoreyears :( 
waking up for school :( -_-) .. waking up on a weeken d: \\( 'o' )/ 
USERNAME be expecting something in the mail soon ! btw i texted you the other day but you never replied :( i need your address ! <3 
USERNAME i didn't take the pillz today , so they are a little small ... #sadtweet 😞 💊🚫 
my grandparenta jus t.t ried to feed me turtle ! <<< 
oh forget it :'oo you'll never notice me :( i love you though ariana . you're so beautiful ! i hope i meet you one day ! USERNAME 
just gonna cry cause i miss hannah and bridget :( 
man i haven't seen my favorite white boy at work in like two months now #sadtweet 
when jojo txts me out of the blew and then nothing lol didn't wanna talk to you either :'( USERNAME 
i wish i was in pre-school again i miss not having to do anything and nap time 😭 
two things i'm going to miss about working/living in lexington: USERNAME and USERNAME :( #onemoreweek 
why does this always happen ! ? ! ! ! 😔 
that awkward moment when your mom gets a twitter or instagram . 😧 💂🔫 
USERNAME i freakin want to see you guys on dec . 07 ! ! ! ! ! ! its gonna be awesome and im gonna miss it .... :'( 
i have to fucking wait to get my puppy . what's this shit ): julius ill be there soon baby #alreadyinlove . #cantwait 
i'm going bk to sleep 😪 😭 😩 😞 😣 
the most depressing check in of the day :'( (@ ksk's humble abode) URL 
we go from great , to fine , to boring . 😔 #repeat 
USERNAME you better not of dont ehat i think you did :c 
incredibly socked to hear ! :( r . i . p jordan mcmullen . great rider 
i get the best parking spot ever at chipotle only to find out the line wraps around inside 😞 😫🔫 
long day and no popeyes to make it better :-( @ who's house ? my house ! URL 
USERNAME yes ! ! ! if i can convince my mom to drive me around ! i miss your whole group of friends 😭 😭 😭 
i'm getting the cold shoulder from everyone today seems like 😒 😞 😕 😔 
i just want to get in bed with a bucket of icecream and die 😭 😭 😭 #overlydramatic #butreally 
leaving california tomorrow :'( it been a great 6 weeks in my fabulous home state so sad to leave . 
everybody has a cooler from formal but me :( meanwhile USERNAME is napping ! ! #handturkeys 
USERNAME aw no :( my prayers go out to you and mochi ! 
guess i'm not getting black ops 2 tuesday :( lol i'm such a nerd ! ! ! 
USERNAME as a matter of fact i was robbed last night :( some gangsta sh*t ! 
USERNAME i just saw him and pat , wishin you were here 😞 
USERNAME should have won this game if it wasn't 4 rivers 2 turnovers not very happy 😥 😥 😥 
i wish i had a love like the last song . </3 #waiting . 
first time im losing my fantasy match since week one 😭 #beast 8-1 
USERNAME USERNAME i wanna kid to share the fantasy worlds with :-( *tear 
USERNAME USERNAME hell nah now im hungry and im at work so cant do none about it :( 
USERNAME only 4 more hours ! ! ! ! ! 😿 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME me either ! ! ! i feel so behind in everything :( 
somebody come save me from my homework and entertain me #bored 😞 
deff looking like its gonna be 3-7 in USERNAME :( 
USERNAME i miss you in general you should like dm me sometime call me maybe :( 
USERNAME please follow me ... i have 0/5 and i honestly believe it will be that way forever ..... </3 or even just tweet me a :'( 
tell me why carlos was going off cause they stole his weed . :( USERNAME 
i'm so upset my hakuna matata case broke already 😭 
i hate seeing your name on my timeline , it gets me thinking 😔 
USERNAME i just went to your twitter profile and saw your header image . it made me sad . :[ 
a real relationship has love ❤ , fights 💔 , understanding💑, trust 👫, getting head from some random girl when you're at work 🙋 and forgiveness 💏 
USERNAME those were the days . now it's a must , whenever you're t . o . we have to chill , i miss my friend 😞 
my favorite water bottle is in USERNAME car 😢 😞 😢 😞 😞 😢 😞 😢 😞 👎👎 
pain pills ain't working ughh #helpme 😷 😡 😔 😞 😣 💊💉 
i really miss him i can't say i kinda miss him .. :( 
awesome weekend and a 4 page english essay to look forward to tommorow #fml USERNAME thanks for reminding my mother -_-. 
why can't USERNAME just be by my side forever , why is that so much to askk 😔 
miley cirus was soo beautiful i almost kind of have a girl crush on her in this movie why did she have to cut her hair 😦 💇 
this bitch said a bison wtf ! ! ! ! 😭 
all i can think about is how now i have to go home and see your face 😒 #fml 
USERNAME :( i'm getting the kind that doesn't have ammonia in it .. so it wont kill it . i think 
USERNAME i miss hanging with you before the football games :( im going to miss that next year 
i want my hello city boot but there at my mom #depressing 
USERNAME lmao . yes , i'm sure it wasn't noel . this dude stopped his car right in front of me ! creepy 😁 and yeah , i do need to be out more 😢 
USERNAME i'm already on my way home 😥 whatcha doing tomorrow after school mang 
sorry dia , my phone is going to die and i need to eat :( USERNAME please follow USERNAME 
time to just sit outside relax and be to myself . i'm all i have now 😔 
i wish i could still look forward to my elementary christmas assemblies :( #thebestdays 
USERNAME i hope your okay ! feel better ! love you ! 😔 💕💖 
me too :( let's go out live up or sunday and f school 
i hate being in one of those depressed , super sad , i just wanna crawl up in my bed & forget the world exists kinda moods . 😔 
i wish i was in soldier field right now </3 
up she has a boyfriend -.- dam i like her tho :( #salty 
can we not go without any major accidents in nascar . for one race . just one ! ! :-( 
is rise of the guardians for kids ? because i'm not even sure myself how i feel about santa and the easter bunny on steroids . 😧 
USERNAME be strong :( you're breaking my heart and you know i'd do anything to be closer to you i'm sorry 😢 
USERNAME all without me ? ... :( haha jk . 
all i wanna know is what i did wrong ... 😔 #worstfeelingever 
"USERNAME this deserves endless retweets . URL so heartbreaking :'( 
wad looking forward to the soccer game but never got the txt telling me what time . :( 
i saw so many couples at the game . :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME lol i swear we got their right after you left then cause it was close to that time 😔 
USERNAME ): idk you but i hope your ok . im sorry you lost your mother 
both my qbs are out with concussions today - what are the odds ! :( i mean , i do feel bad for them and everything , but man ! 
USERNAME nigga if you don't stop posting your glutenous photos . you stay making me hungry 😔 
hot pack on the lower back = heaven 😔 i better not be fucking broken for my ironman . this isn't even funny . 
i'm watching snapped cause i wanna kill these people i live with and i can't 😞 
at the 72nd and dodge qdoba , but not as a whs student :( #memories #everyonesgone #alone 
i wish i can help everyone get what they want and cant have 😭 
tell me why i am so bored at work ? #fml #sunday #salon #whatever URL 
i've literally texted/asked everyone for a ride to my apartment and no one can 😢 looks like i'm walking in the rain . 
lost a very necessary two inches of hair .. but still ! !😫😩 😭 😢 😔 
if i would've seen liss at the game i would've been so happy ! but i didn't ): 
USERNAME be glad you didn't eat with us . that pizza tasted like cardboard with sauce on it . 😦 
no power=no breaking amish season finale 😞 #teamamish #abe #rebecca #horseandbuggie 
everybody and they mama be hittin up my line when my phone be below 10% 😒 😔 
she wasn't even mad though ... that's all i remember :( 
USERNAME hahaha i always do that ! i miss watching that show so much 😔 
they are talkin snow tomorrow ? #fml that means no speeding to work anymore and gettin my ass up extra early .. 
USERNAME please follow me fergie ! i love you soo much :( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😠 😡 👿 i really miss y'all like for seriousness . ! ! ! 
ohmygoodness . it is like antarctica inside our house . 😭 
leaving sa in an hour 😣 ill be back for thanksgiving 
im about to dm random people lol yeah , im bored :( 
i love cold weather , but i have no blanket . it got colder & i'm freezing 😣 
hair gods ! ! ! she needs a miracle rt USERNAME someone straighten my hair ! pleasee 🙏 😿 
i just got the text that the falcons lost ... 2 hours later 😣 thanks for reminding me ! 
need to go home and sleep , too tired 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME my momma too :( but 20 years for her ... 
biggest non-bcs matchup saturday(where both teams are unbeaten in conf . play ): tulsa(8-2, 6-0) -2.5 vs . ucf(8-2, 6-0) 
its so sad seeing all these girls that were on my team that are at other gyms now ... not dedicated at all 😔 
USERNAME omg really ? ! why didn't you ): akbxjsjx did you used to live in rancho ? 
i dont think i'm going to silver bells this year . have no one to go with 😔 
i hate when people are short with me . 😔 
my girlfriend has a lump in her breast 😱 😭 😣 i really don't know what to think or do 
i ordered pizza hut online and after i checked out it said estimated time of delivery: 7:06pm . i ordered it at 5:55pm . i'm starving . 😣 
my prayer list for sick people is really long :( 
i qet in trouble for eatinq cheeto hot fries :c i cnt help it there addictinq . 
USERNAME it comes out tuesday where i live :( but i can't wait to get it . ! ! xx 
my phone is getting cut off in 2 days and i still don't have the money for the bill -_- #fml 
i'm trying to be strong , but in all honesty i just want too break down ... ): 
USERNAME omg yayy . even tho i live in the u . s :( hahah 
when i song comes on that requires to whistle and my mom makes fun of me cuz i can't whistle ... 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i did but didn't work :( 
USERNAME i have to wait another 7 hours . sucks to be american .. ): 
USERNAME i just wanted to say hi 😔 😒 😞 
i'll watch the last song and cry without my bestfriend USERNAME ): 
i think it's my hair .. i don't like it 😞 
USERNAME and us americans have to wait 2 more days . this is not fair babe . not fair :c <3 xx 
retyping my 9 page paper cause my usb vanished :( #wannacry 
im loyal af , but not every female want tha t.t hey just settle for any relationship 
#confessionnight i'm scared of being alone outside in the dark .. 👎 😢 
USERNAME lucky ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it comes out in canada on the 13th :( not fair ...... 
i haven't texted anyone all day , stacy & cann are like the only ones that love me . 😔 
when the time changes i just want to go to sleep by 7 errnight . :( #meetingstill #homework 
about to flat iron my hair & go to sleep ! ! ! ! ! ! 😔 
USERNAME o iight asshole lol , who's we lmao 😢 😭 
idk why glory road always makes me cry .. 😭 😭 😭 #weeniestatus 
i just saw him yesterday but i already miss him ): 
come back soon 😢 rt USERNAME bing , you were good to me ... 
USERNAME i have no phone therefore you haven't received any texts from me , like my goodmorning or night texts :c 
all of keyshia cole new songs on her new album is sad as fuck ... when she got a husband .. i dont get her ass :( 
man my ass in here sick af , can't even move out this spot :-( 
so scared . i'm about to cry </3 #thisisgoingtobehorrible #hatemyself 
USERNAME thank you for following me ! ! .... oh wait :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i can't go this friday , i'll be in ms 😔 
i really wanna dye my hair back to the normal color :( 
#tweetyourcurrentmood man fuck a nigga . ain't nobody got time for this 😪 😭 👏 USERNAME 
being the sober people at a case race is not fun 😢 #beingresponsible USERNAME 
USERNAME tmh doesn't come out in the us til tuesday ! :( but i'm super excited for it to be here finallyy 
watching the last song isn't making me feel any better ! #sadtweet 
i have so many mixed emotions right now 😡 😤 😢 
need pontius and macdonald back next week ... badly . can't believe all these injuries :( 
USERNAME ricky ! ! why don't u love me anymore ! :'( u haven't tweeted me in forever , and ur not keeping ur promise from canyon club ! :( 
i'm so bored i could go to sleep right meow . 😭 
hoping by tomorrow this is all over with 😔 😷 😢 😩🙏 
why do i do this to myself ? ? 😭 
jammin' to country by myself to keep myself up on the way back to sag because USERNAME is sleeping #luckybitch #imtired 😴 😔 
USERNAME that one class we have together 💔 💋 can't wait 
USERNAME :( it's a quaint little city don't be mean hahaha 
procrastinating .. gonna be driving through the city after dark :( boo .. 
i've only had 4 baqs of hot fries this week :c tf yea now i see why i'm qettinq in trouble oh well . 
why does my head hurt so bad ... #toomuchthinking 😔 
USERNAME :'( u mean as hell u just said u was gonna let me grub lol 
waat ! :'( r . i . p bango ! 
USERNAME always ! i miss you too :( ( a lott . hell yeahh christmas breakk , its over with . we're gonna live it up ! ((; 
laundry , laundry , laundry , laundry , laundry , laundry , laundry , laundry , laundry , laundry , laundry , laundry , laundry , laundry , laundry :( 
i hate how everyone gets all these holidays off of school and albany doesn't 😭 
i'm so lonely right now :( where are my roomies at ! ! ! USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i . the next two weeks he hopes . #illmisshim :'( 
i'm so tired 😞 😔 😭 @ american apparel URL 
please lord let me do good on my anatomy & physiology and my young adult lit test tomorrow :( 
i told you how i feel then you told me how you feel ... the same but nothing changes or done bout it <<< 😔 
it'd be great if oomf was here to cuddle with me while i watched movies .. #wishfulthinking 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME hey ! it's the time of the month if you must know 😔 i can't help it 
USERNAME USERNAME lmao my phone died v.v & i'm going to mastic now :( if i don't go ima call y'all ! ! ! 
i do :( and i never got any swag ! rt USERNAME USERNAME you have too much time on your hands 
only person missin is my bit lashae ! ! :( 
hate it when you grow off your relationship/girl then you have to find a way to let go , without 💔 they heart 💥💥 
im soo hungry and my stupid power is out ): 
USERNAME aww . :'( so sad . i just saw this . i miss you my gummybear . <3 <3 
USERNAME USERNAME well you can't do anything til thursday . 😔 
i hope that the person that broke into my car last night burns in hell . #bmw #thief #fml 
hey USERNAME USERNAME have halo4 all suited up 396days paid for even received confirmation , yet getting this code :( URL 
that awkward moment you bring your crush and your together and they start talking . #fml 
USERNAME i know :( the #chiefs are bad… it make me sad :( 
pipa pronta , vento zero em são francisco . :( (at jackson park & playground) — URL 
i had the craziest dream . makes me wonder 😳 😥 
who do weekends always go by so quick ? #sadtweet 
USERNAME you're killing me . stick a knife in me . twist the shit . dead and gone . 😭 😭 😭 
the last time i was at the villa barone , i was in my sweet sixteen dress :'( #missit #bringmeback 
another blockparty ? 😔 i will die from the turn up ... #bitchitsnothomecominganymore 
having a boyfriend for the holidays is about to get so expensive 😔 
it's starting to hit me that bakers is closing down #favoritejob 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME o i'm sorry do you want a 🍼too 😭 lol 
tried to eat dinner , but i can't :( so i'm jst gonna sit here & watch desi eat .. 
#collegenightfridays @ fab lounge free before 11pm - #sweet16 (first 16 people get a free drink) - $5 with college ids(have valid id also ): 
USERNAME :( not a good thing . drama=no sex . 
USERNAME i know :( you guys haven't seen me with my short hair yet ! 
noo this was my last bowl of cokolino :( (((( 
USERNAME :( *hugs* i'll be home in a month 💗 
would do anything to be watching the birds with my boyy 😔 USERNAME #7days URL 
just saw this . :'( i miss youu , gummybear . <3 
i'm officially all out of pain meds and my mouth hurts worse than ever :'( (((( #ihatethis 
ice cream stores really need to deliver 😣 #lazy #fatgirlprobs 
wair , why my cousin change her name ? :( 
USERNAME im not breathing or eating till you follow me . ): 
USERNAME liam we literally waited outside your hotel until 5 am and no one came and said hi :( 
poor ciara has lice . no eggs that i can see but the little buggers are moving . :( 
i hate hate hate hate hate trying on bras all it does is pisses me off and make me wanna kill people cause nothing fits ! 😤 😭 
when texts go to the wrong person . #oops #fml #shitgotreal 
the green mile is such a good movie ! ! ! but so sad 😔 
all these tweets are depressing as being alone on a sunday in ur room alone not doing anything alone just plain alone :( 
USERNAME lol that's funny so is my husband i liked robby gordon still do but he doesn't race 😔 
USERNAME yea :( i went there one time before & the guy who did my nails did a really good job , but when i went back she hurt me 
as of 12:00 am . URL will become obsolete 😔 
i don't want to go back to england 😭 😭 
i wanna go play in the snow but ill look like a loser doing it by myself 😔 #lonelylife 
i just wish he called or texted me again .. but i think he's mad still :( 
i never heard of anyone who was around the same age of me dying .. until i got into high school , now i feel like someone die every week 💔 
USERNAME i would but i can't wahh :( #wishicould #imadeb 
must be nice to have a stable mind . i wish i did :( 
i love nicholas sparks . never fails to make me cry 😭 
USERNAME listening to uan album .... tears & memories are coming :'( so proud of you guys ! xx 
USERNAME im not breathing or eating till you follow me . ): c 
- i'm gonna complain until' i start feeling better . can't take any medz . . like helpp :( 
USERNAME im not breathing or eating till you follow me . ): n 
fuck the only thing that is going to be on my mind all week is cif . i have an ap lit essay and calculus test 😔 #fuckingyolo 
USERNAME i know :c , ill dm you it ;o ? 
everyone knows that USERNAME and selena broke up but everyone shouldn't be so happy cause it was obvious he loved her . so it's sad :( 
USERNAME im not breathing or eating till you follow me . ): a 
i'm covered in chalk , sand and dirt and i ripped a hole in the armpit of my trial tshirt 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 on the + i'm training a new client tonight ! 💪 
USERNAME im not breathing or eating till you follow me . ): b 
USERNAME im not breathing or eating till you follow me . ): q 
i need someone to pick up from school tomorrow at 4 😔 
i literally hold the record for most flat tires ever #stranded #fml 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i love you liam . tweet me back if you see this ? please notice me . ! ! ): 
😞 shoulda known this was going to happen . again . #stupid 
USERNAME ahh i have such a lame life 😞 😔 
USERNAME im not breathing or eating till you follow me . ): v 
USERNAME idk about today dude .. i feel sick again ): 
i miss talking to my perry friends USERNAME and USERNAME 😔 
i can't wait to be home .. all weekend without seeing the boyfriend has been horrific :( USERNAME 
USERNAME ask robin if you can go . & btw i won't be at tumbling saturday ): 
i'm only doing 2 pages lmao USERNAME i'm to hungover to write 😣 
USERNAME why are you guys performing at every single jingle ball but detroit's ? :( it makes me sad . 
USERNAME i'm with a group and they are going somewhere else :-( love you though ! 
USERNAME wah , that's a whole week yet 😔 i don't gots ya numbbaa , merp 
USERNAME :( whatever it is its looks rather big . at least hand sized after lookign again 
leos think with their hearts not with their heads 😔 
my back is so stiff :( could really go for a massage . 
miss my twin bro ): ... thanksgiving can't come soon enough 
banquet . pictures . sleep . airport around 6 am . :( 
drove to work yesterday with my windows down , today i drove to work with my heat on :( boo 
USERNAME im not lucky enough to get a follow from you :'( 
USERNAME you never reply to me im so sad :( you always reply to the same people sigh 
my dads transferring me to linden high <<<< #don 'twannatransfer :( 
USERNAME USERNAME wah i know , it's been forever ): we have to asap 
oomf : wyd . me : putting my heart back together . </3 
USERNAME yeeaahh . i thought you were viet til i saw your last name . oh and who is tonys new lady gal person he wont tell me . :( ( 
my grandpa always tries giving me money , i hate it ): < 
shit was poppn lastnight saw my girls now im back in boring ass virginia :( work ina a . m 
USERNAME i did ! i need people to know kesha is kind and full of love ! but miley doesn't follow fans :( unfortunate i know . replies sometimes 
USERNAME hey can i ask how you got his music 😔 ? i'm trying to get it but don't know how . 
why do i always miss the best parts of the movie #unlucky #fml 
my mom wants to move to utah .. 😭 👎 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! and hopefully my mom will let me ! 😔 
USERNAME i ain't get it though .. nobody hit me back :( its probally cause my service sucked at carini’s 
going to be the longest week ever , we get out at 3 three days straight 😣 
USERNAME ew "/'i guess i'm the only old school one who likes to go on cute dates :( 
damnit , :( guess i have to watch the notebook by myself . 
welp those plans just got canceled ! ! #fml wine night instead 🍷 
ugh .. just remembered . i have a whole essay to write ! #procrastinatorproblems 😔 
USERNAME you notice everyone but me it's sad i'm going to cry :( 
#fml i got work at 10 tomorrow can't get drunk tonight 
i was a superhero , you were my kryptonite </3 
i've been studying for my biology test almost the whole weekend ! ! 😞 
why must i cry watching romance movies ❤ 😩 😭 
✈ 😢 not even on the plane and i miss you so much . @ san antonio international airport (sat) URL 
i wish all guys were like that & it wasn't just an act for the first couple of months 😞 
well i tried to eat lunch at work & my wisdom tooth is hurting so bad now .... i guess that's what i get for trying to be a fat ass . 😔 😖 😖 
went to home depot . not sure why anyone uses dating site these days . i'm just tryna stand at the check ou t.t ake me home . #illbeyerwifey 
USERNAME the problem for me is that my mom doesnt allow me to ): 
soo much homework to do tonight .. #teamnosleep & i have to put my entire room back together now because i moved back in with my ma . #fml 
USERNAME can u follow me liam tweet me an i love u idkk something please my heart is aching cuz everytime ur online u ignore me :( 
USERNAME good , ready to get out of school :( shat . lol . 
USERNAME with all the directioner tweeting you every minute i dont think you'll ever see my tweets :'( .... #sadtruth 
USERNAME lol no .... cause you havent talked to me </3 
i honestly think my jack wills shorts are a magnet for paint .... :'( 
USERNAME im not breathing or eating till you follow me . ): bd 
veterans should be able to get some loving on veteran's day . i mean from a girl . but it never happens for me . #fml 
what you say ? oh ... you didn't 😔 😭 rt USERNAME date night with the babe ... URL 
and so my 6 hours of sitting on the couch comes to an end 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME im not breathing or eating till you follow me . ): vb 
USERNAME yes i wanted to see the temper trap so freaking bad :-( ((( but its too late now 
just found out my mom has ipad 3 ... she barely knows how to use her non-smart phone . i'm jelly because i have ipad 1. 😞 
😩😩😫😫 😭 😭 😢 😢 😡 😡 😔 😔 = #howifeelrightnow 
my body hurts so bad all i wanna do is sleep but i have a 4 hour drive ahead of me 😭 😖 
i just came from work & i missed taylor on vh1 :( 
i wrote our names on a foggy window and watched them fade away ... just like we did 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME uhm , noo fair ! you guys have to take me :( i need a vacay ! 
coloring my hair back to brown .. i look fucking dumb with this purple shit on my head :'( 
damn it ... i have to get up early tomorrow . #fml 
lol i'm not a hater , i'm just jealous .. #sadtweet 
i wanna be with you .. i just am so afraid of getting hurt that i won't let myself be with you ... #fuckmylife :/ 
i hate when my mom puts me on blast ! ): 
now i feel like a shitty girlfriend for missing his phone call :'( just ruined my weekend . 
its so sad to think that USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME will never see your tweet :'( 
if i survive this semester , i can survive anything . #if #overwhelmed 😔 
USERNAME but i broke my leg and i'm not a fast learner :( 
USERNAME looking under the people you follow , i found about 17 hannahs . guess what i am ? a hannah thats not followed by niall horan ): ♥ 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i love you like a fat kid loves cake ! ! ! i will miss you guys so much again :( 
USERNAME i be forgetting for ' , im sorry :( 
i dont wanna go ! but i have to . :c 
night 3 of dying in my bed watching sappy love movies #mylife #depression 
nov .16 @ fab lounge free before 11pm - #sweet16 (first 16 people get a free drink) - $5 with college ids(have valid id also ): :( 
USERNAME noo not yet :( i've been slacking ... :/ 
jejunes new besties 🍭🍬🍰 😭 @ point isabel dog park URL 
massive headache . excuse my language ! but #thisshitfuckingsucks 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
it should be against the law for me to have to work when it's storming 😞 
i love when springsteen comes on the radio . 💙 it never does anymore . ): 
fuck emojis :( i can't see them but can send them .. i need a iphone 
why am i demonstrating how to tie a tie when i don't even know how ? #fml 
USERNAME missing you ! :( i'm about to text you . 
so found out my birthday is on my weekend to work .. #fml bad mood 
hey guys ... i bruised my big toe . :( #itactuallyreallyhurts URL 
forget that tweet we're so unlucky or we just suck :( 
USERNAME chile , i'll be a junior in college in august :( 
USERNAME you hated shrimp ? ! 😱 😧 😐 😵 
waking up to an empty house ... why nobody love me no more 😞 
my mom & dad fight for everything -.- </3 . 
USERNAME yea that's understandable . lol i miss you too 😞 
USERNAME im crying . ): please follow me . i've . been working so hard to get a follow . 
watching awkward . & no matter what i'm always in the same situation as jenna . always . can season 3 just start already ! ? #hurry 😞 😓 😥 
i woke up from a nap & it was silent in the house & pitch dark outside , #depressing 😥 👎🙍🌑 
USERNAME i can't ! i have to clean tomorrow :( ((( 
USERNAME you will probably reply to everyone while i am at school .... like usual . :( 
USERNAME liam ! i have school tmrw . no fair ! :'( 
USERNAME lol i know right :( it's so sad ! what do you get when you go there ? where do u live at again girl ? i forgot that u moved ! 
USERNAME im crying . ): please follow me . i've . been working so hard to get a follow . b 
lol i don't understand ! i really just thought everything out . like i'm emotionally broke/confused 😞 
USERNAME im crying . ): please follow me . i've . been working so hard to get a follow . l 
i dont want to do my homework :( but i have to 
my cute bus card .. start riding tomorrow :( #ihatemylife URL 
USERNAME im crying . ): please follow me . i've . been working so hard to get a follow . i 
USERNAME im crying . ): please follow me . i've . been working so hard to get a follow . s 
USERNAME i'm sorry i really am :( usually ur sleeping with me lol 
going to miss the neighborhood turkey and its delightful sounds :( URL 
tears that have built up for so long all just poring out at once :( 
dear add please go away and come back when i don't have a legal memorandum to write ... 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME doubt it . it seems you have to go to the far wilds of md or va to get it . :( old glory used to be great , no more . 
i just wanted to go to sams club today . god damn it sunday . :( 
USERNAME idk i have used suicide threats and it doesn't work for me :( 
just finished my poem smh it took me literally 2 hrs lol ..... 😔 😓 
USERNAME mm i ain't c u at my party 😔 
USERNAME on a side note , i wish i could go back to church . :[ i just don't ever have time off work . and i dont dare ask for time off :/ 
lmaoo he said he look like a cyclops cuz her eyes so close together 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
when USERNAME acknowledges fans personally on twitter , i look at those people who freak out & i'm happy for them & sad for me . </3 
sometimes i wish i was as badass as james bond 😔 
why can't i get a follow from USERNAME )))) ): 
i get so sad when USERNAME leaves me 😔 #seperationanxiety 
#describeyourlifewithapicture mini raves , cause i'm not cool enough to go to big ones . :c URL 
USERNAME can you do it after 4 ? cause i don't get home til 3:45 and i don't wanna miss any :( 
USERNAME has the weirdest sleep schedule so now i'm sittin here awkwardly awake next to him :( 
USERNAME i secretlyy hate u 😔 and ut birthdayy means nothingg🔫 
tiren up right now . why did you do that 343 ! ! ! ! ! soo sad :'( 
i wanna watch the ema's but i dont have mtv 2 :( 
i think i tweaked something in my back from twerking so hard last night 😧 
USERNAME lmao i wonn but niggah got me a burse . :( and then my mom bit me -___- 
USERNAME 😞 i'd help , but , i don't think my services would do you any good ;p 
my like is worst and worst .. #lostmyuncle #lostmydog #lostmybf </3 
USERNAME yes . to my knowledge , yes . and i don't have cable . :( 
wishing i had someone to watch the special edition of the notebook with tonight . #collegebfprobs 😔 
if this mf doesn't get ahold of me 😢 been waiting 2 months 
been feeling some type of way all day 😒 😔 😐 
that moment you realize that you've given out entirely too many fucks , but nobody want to give any back :( 
if anyone has seen my license please let me know :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i wish ! ! ! ! but i work :'( 
USERNAME i still was there with you :'( . yourr a dickk 
i just want french onion soup and i can't find it anywhere 😔 😔 
USERNAME dude , i need mine done too ! :( 
i love having an answer sheet with all the wrong answers to the accounting section #haventdonethisinforever #fml 
need to go keep condition my hair .. dont want to tho :c 
USERNAME aww :( what's going on ! ? sounds like its not much different from hayward ! 
when maranda confesses to carrie it makes me want to cry 😭 😭 😭 
probably my best work on instagram . USERNAME is getting emotional over here . 😪 😭 😭 #magic @ magic kingdom® par URL 
stranded at my dads house with nothing to do , savee me :( 
iupati down this looks bad he's grabbing the knee :( has not been a good return from the bye so far . hoping they can pull this out . 
why do i always come up with really good tweets after USERNAME gets offline . #fml 
so mad about a bath she won't even look at me ): baby gated her in ! #shehatesme #walkrightthro @ tomita home URL 
now she's just somebody that i use to know . :( 
dude , i haven't balled in like 2 weeks 😔 🏀 
USERNAME i'll make some & give them to him before school ;) either way we're still equal ): 
USERNAME no i was .. and it was a car that was coming from the opposite side who got on the wrong lane > :[ 
ok no mas comedias románticas para mi en un bien tiempo 😢 chale solo a mi se me ocurre 
USERNAME wait but i have school ... 😭 😭 😭 😭 
why did my mind go to that all of a sudden 😧 
USERNAME why can't you answer someone who has never been answered before :( 
USERNAME well ill be at my apt by myself 😞 
USERNAME não to no skype amor ) ): tá ruim aqui 
how can you possibly focus on anything when you can't even breathe properly . #sickasfuq #fml #studygrind #whatisair 
my sister is the only one that texts me . #sadtweet #wasteofunlimitedtextmessaging 
having someone to sleep with and then the next night not :( 
i remember when me & maggie made my own account thing on the ps3 for us to play but i never get the chance to actually play . thanks dad ): 
likee , tf ? i don't wanna cook dinner all alone :( 
USERNAME aww i love the jets but then again someone has to :( 
back from saras house . i miss my bby :( ( 
my brother leaves tomorrow at like 4 am ugh :( 
i hate that ppl text and call me when i'm asleep but when i'm awake my phone is dead silent :-( 
sometimes i think i'm seriously thiss 👌 close to a breakdown . 😔 
USERNAME thank youu ! and i miss you too those days were the best :( i will make sure to see you over break promise 😊 
i look so bad in the picture of us ): 
USERNAME i went to the gas station for that lemonade rock star thing you had last night and they didn't have it :( 
i've never been so confused slash frustrated slash annoyed to write an essay in my life 😡 😩😫 😭 😞 
i am so tired of my ankle hurting #itneverends i want to play volleyball again . its been over a year :( 
spice girls pandora = bes t.t hing . ever . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i want a pair ! :( 
USERNAME well we have a bus , but it only goes like downtown . #suburbanproblems #fml 
i hate when my homeless man isnt at his usual spot ... i had stuff for you :( #comeoutcomeoutwhereeveryouare 
my best friend takes foreverr :( ( i just wanna go crawl i bed and not move 
USERNAME :/ i knew i was going to be short on💵 so i had to pass on halo 😔 
just want to rewind to the start of USERNAME 😣 
USERNAME love you too ! & imma be alright . just very sad tonight :( 
i have no motivation to write my paper :( gah 
70 degrees today , 35 tomorrow . the midwest is taking its case of the mondays to a new low :( 
when i hear by taylor swift , i just wanna cry my eyes out 😭 😓 
USERNAME you're funny too ... maybe you should text me sometime ? (;);; :( ): ): ;:****** 
USERNAME meu not quebrou amor .. e no meu celular nem tem ): 
nov .16 @ fab lounge free before 11pm - #sweet16 (first 16 people get a free drink) - $5 with college ids(have valid id also ): ; 
USERNAME USERNAME mann ... don't talk bad about my team :( ( 
hope my grandma is ganna be okay ): #justwhenthingswerewell . 
USERNAME you never work when i do . 😔 no more 👬 
USERNAME USERNAME we do ! i didn't get to see you guys at all this weekend ): 
who in the auc wanna drive wit me home real quick to get my car ? ? ? 😞 
i thought you were supposed to feel better when you're moving into the 2d trimester , not worse ? ! 😷 😞 👎 
and this niggas about to pick me up after school , cus we need to chill before that fag leaves ): 
USERNAME i miss you too . we need to get together soon #forreal 😔 
#10thingsaboutme : i hate lames :( killing the night and shit 
USERNAME arrgg , i'll be at school when you do the ask liam .. :'( 
USERNAME :( i know i smile like this --- > :8e 
“USERNAME i have some serious #fomo right now USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm sad you're not here too 😔 
i need my hair redyed ! ! ! :( #femalepains 
“USERNAME se me parte el corazón el ver a cristiano así. mucho ánimo cris . URL ayy q dolor d cabeza tengo viendo esto 😞 
i wanna spend christmas in nyc in the snow❄ with myguy🙇 and retail👗👠👜💄💎 ! ! ! 😒 😞 
i just want to scream right now ! > :( #tickedoff 
seeing my little baby after 5 months and her not remembering me ... worst thing that has ever happened to me . 😔 
i need some hot tea with honey and lemon .. i am sick :( 
USERNAME help me lol tomorrow please i'm so far behind smh :( 
USERNAME oh bc i c 2:20 in your near future 😱 😱 😱 😭 
USERNAME why do you always avoid me ? :( (( liam :( 
USERNAME i'm an android user i can't see emojis on twitter ): 
how did i miss the sex and the city movie on tv 😞 
these past few days with USERNAME >>>>> man i missed him so much ! 😣 @ florida a&m university URL 
USERNAME yes , you told me to shut up :c 
is this real life ! ! ! ! 👩🔫jackson my love your really 💔 #mistakes 
oomf bout to be mad ! i aint gone hear from her no more 😔 😞 
omg you've got too be kidding me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it's time too turn this game off :( 
USERNAME USERNAME all i had was hotdogs and fries :( 
USERNAME are you serious , of course i am ! ! ! you're wonderful too and i'm sad i'm not there either :( 
USERNAME 😞 i just know what a touchdown is that's all ! 
i'm going to miss USERNAME not cuddling with me tonight ! :( #awhh 
#cosasdeclarita USERNAME & porque yo no tengo lo cabello rosado .. :( ” 
USERNAME we gotta be the only people with school tomorrow 😢 
USERNAME am i not worthy of a follow ? ): 
my pup is acting soo weird today .. it's scaring me 😔 
makes me want to race more 😔 i have no time waahh 
USERNAME i don't see you in person for another like 8 months . 😢 
i can't believe i missed this whole taylor swift special on vh1. 😭 😭 
i hang my head in defeat 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 #thecheesecakefactory #whitechocolatecaramelmacadamia @ the cheesecake factory URL 
i wish i was light enough to pull off blonde . 😔 
whitney houston sng makes me think of my grandpa :( i'm going to see him friday as soon as i get home 
USERNAME follow me or imma hit you with a spoon . ): 
when USERNAME doesn't snap chat me all day ): #why 
hey ya'll ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i don't have a cat anymore , how sad ? :-( 
USERNAME you didn't even wanna watch football with me babe :( #feelingshurt 
USERNAME yah me too . miss him so much :-( 
USERNAME you'll never follow me do you know how depressing this is ? </3 
USERNAME no meu não da ): tem whats ou viber ? 
saying goodbye to this cutie . 😔 😕 😐 URL 
USERNAME yo me e cansado de llamar . porque están ignorando mis llamadas ? :( 
i stepped in a puddle :( (@ the gathering - united methodist church) URL 
oh , here come the cowboys fans 😔 , where y'all been all day ? 
it's not brio it's frio , cause it's freezing . :( 
you never know what you have till it's gon </3 
i'm home but not sleeping in my room :( #sadtweet 
im trying to stay awake and not nap so i can go to sleep early tonight ... #eyessoheavy 😞 
USERNAME there are so much people tweeting u rn just try and notice me :( 
i have to wait til the 13th ... 😔 #takemehome #1d 
USERNAME yea , you love me only of my brother 😞 
long car rides<<<< 2 and a half hours to go 😭 
USERNAME why do we always loose on the same weeks #fml 
USERNAME will never tweet me/ notice me . okay fine ! ): i love you though ... (; 
bruh i'm low key ! i just cried a little cause i miss having keke ass down here .. i miss my bx ! ! ! :( 
okay now changing the channel to the last song 😭 
people who shouldn't sing in the shower: USERNAME > :( #mypoorears 
its been 2 days since ive seen USERNAME 😳 😔 
i'll never look as fine again in the future as i did last night ): #sigh 
my stomach , legs and throat are killing me :( #ineedadoctor 
“USERNAME my timeline is 200% people tweeting to USERNAME im one of them but im not on your timeline 😞 😭 
USERNAME you're causing me stress that i don't need :( 
#confessionnight when i think about growing up , i literally get a pain in my chest because im so scared of losing everything and everyone 😔 😔 
😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 -- everyone on my time line . 
USERNAME in 10 mins the score went from tied to 31-17 dallas . i don't understand 😭 
USERNAME yes he growled at me :( but i found a macho man to get it ! hahaa 
omg karla really thinks the pound and shelters are two diffrent things v.v #facepalm 
USERNAME 😔 😖 😕 this makes me so sad to read . 
i had a dream i moved onto base . i was soo happy ): 
all of a sudden , i just got so nervous #fml 
i hope USERNAME knows that i have to work . 😞 
i hate when my tummy hurts right before dinner :( 
all of these movies get my hopes up with guys . </3 
#tweetyourrecentemojis ❤ 💙 🇺🇸🎀👎 😧 😠 🔆🎂💳💍🎈💭🍤🔋👢👠💇👑🍪🍮 ....... what is my life 
havent even gotten past reading the instructions for mr hagens history essay ... #fml 
USERNAME is going to beat me in fantasy this week :( 
i feel stupid . everytime i tweet USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i never get a tweet back . :'( 
that awkward moment when you realize you haven't talked to USERNAME in like a week 💔 
:( jason (@ cape may-lewes ferry | lewes terminal) URL 
i stop crying for a second than i hear his name or see his picture and i start again :'( 
woke up from that little nap with such a huge headache , 😣 😣 .. idk how that possibly works ! 
USERNAME lol , i'm so lazy . ugh , i don't want chu to move . 😭 😭 😭 dance thursday ? 
USERNAME oh yeah true , but that's stupid ! :( 
USERNAME - damn mane :( . my aunt , she's a nurse . &:she told me not to play for like a week or 2 . cus of my leg . & i kept playing 
USERNAME shout out to myy babbyy for being hilarious . i miss him soo much </3 we needa hang out duuddee . luhh you doe #followhimnow 
USERNAME ugh ! ! ! 😩 i liked that station and miss it ... #sadday 😢 
USERNAME i think our lunch rotation is changing ! ! :( 
it sucks when u watch the last song and u know whts going to happen :( #sadstory 
go fly ... oh wait . :'( rt USERNAME fuck this . go sixers ! 
USERNAME hahahahajahaha i think he hates me anyways ! :( USERNAME 
USERNAME i can't do my homework , because you don't follow mee .. :( 
it's so hot in my apartment and the heat isn't even onn ): 
si alguien quiere ser parte de tu vida , hará lo imposible por estar en ella . -- reflexiones (USERNAME hola amiga; ): ) 
USERNAME officially depressed that im being ignored by the 1/5 of my prine charmings :( please follow me 
awesome , i love having my phone stolen right out of my hands on the muni ! #fuckmylife 
3 new nail polishes . too bad i won't be using them for awhile 😭 💅 URL 
im scared bro USERNAME what if she brings her uncle to rape me too ! ? :'( 
ever since my kitty had cat nip she's just passed out all the time :( 
oomf told me earlier that i was never gonna have kids of my own :( 
USERNAME coming back tonight . partying hard but i still gotta be at work at 8am in mn tomorrow ... :( 
since i can't be at the howard theater tonight ... :( @ walter e . washington convention center URL 
my phone cracked .. i am so mad . ! ! ! :'( 
just wanna be home ! ! ! ... > :( #fml #wannabehome #disapear 
you left with no goodbye , not a single word was said , no final kiss to seal any sins , i had no idea of the state we were in . 😔 
i hate it when i'm feeling sad .... 😰 💔 
my ankle is fucked man ..... i can barely put pressure in it .... 😁😩 😢 
i have el dick face cuz i'm watchin my clothes get fucked up in the washer and i can't do shit about it 😧 
can i just rewind this whole day ? please ? 😞 
using my laptop as a heating pad for my stomach 😔 
i wish i could have a normal college experience like all of my friends and go out all the time 😒 😔 #toostressed #premedprobs 
growing up confuses the hell out of me . 😒 😣 😩 relationships , careers , colleges , errthing . #fuckthatshit kid forever ! 
USERNAME i'm not allowed to leave the house tonight :( 
i don't understand why everything is going soo wrong for me right now 😔 
sometimes moving on with the rest of your lives starts with goodbye . </3 
mood/feeling/thisnight<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME i texted you this morning ! :( but alright leetle gurl 
dreading tomorrow , not ready to say goodbye to sam <3 :( #emotional 
USERNAME damnn thats how you feel lol and finna call you bae .. ( ): ( 
me right now 👉 😭 😭 😭 aka i'm back in houston 
USERNAME that happened to me this year i know how you feel :( 
so i fell up the steps and hurt me knee 😢 🍀 
USERNAME this is when i really wish i had more than 6 channels ! :( 
don't even have an appetite , even have a plate in front of me 😞 😞 😞 #low 
i miss doing lil stuff for my guy 😔 ... this single shit is the booth 😩 
im about to get off . my phone is gonna die . :( 
i put all guys in the back burner for you and this is what i get 😔 😢 
come say hi to me daddy ! ! ! ! 😭 
blah , i can never get anything right 😭 #imstupid #ugh 
aw i got salad dressing on my hershey bar :( 
USERNAME o nah . these are all things i completely dropped the ball on unfortunately 😞 
i hope aerie hires me :-( pleese please pretty please 
USERNAME it's treating me alright , it's just too cold :c hows saint louis treating ya ? 
this has been such a bad past 2 days .. << 😔 
USERNAME how can i watch the game in san diego :( ( 
i wish thinqs would be lke last week sunday . i miss him :c </3 
i feel bad that she has to go through this :( smh 
where is my appetite today .. every smell is making me nauseous 😣 #firsttrimesterflashbacks 
USERNAME i know 😔 but definitely , just pass it off like it works ! haha 
USERNAME we love tim hortons ! but , alas , didn't find any :( when we're in brampton for sure #timhortonsoverdose 
USERNAME wish i could retweet this :( i love you definitely going to miss you too boo <3 33 
at the eagles dallas game my poor eagles getting their butts kicked :( 
USERNAME where have you been ? ! i miss you too :( 
USERNAME :( that venue would be perfect as well ... maybe not as perfect as outside after watching mod sun with crazy young hippies . 
USERNAME so sad i didn't get to see you yesterday ! and i missed free red mango ! :( #nobueno #sadface #bummer 
USERNAME brig i look fucking albino next to u in my pro pic sad melissa :( 
USERNAME could be worse , could be an eagles fan . :( 
i catch feelings too fast and it's hard for me to let them go 💔 #confessionnight 
USERNAME the cat is a no go ): i am so sad right now ! 
layla keep asking for isaac and i want him too 😔 
my dad is probably the best dad in the world , he's outside fixing my brother's car ... but he hasn't said hi to me 😢 
USERNAME lol i was going to but i had to leave a little early for work ! :( 
i want some fried rice i have no clue why :-( 
USERNAME tommorrow ? ? i have school tommorrow ! ! :( ( noo ! ! i hope you notice this and at least follow me ? 
USERNAME you should have told me you were coming 😔 
i wanted you to know that i was bummed you still didn't go to mansfield when i went to visit so i could say hi ! ! :( USERNAME 
the notebook fina come on ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😥 😥 😥 
love having pocket kings and losing to pocket queens 😞 😤 
USERNAME no shit . its people like you and USERNAME who ruin the lives of those who hasnt beatn it yet :'( and USERNAME 
everyone here has macs i want a mac ! #sadtweet #windows #fail 
USERNAME gonna be home tonight or at zach's ? just wondering if i need to prepare myself coming home to an empty house 😔 
i am done with this game ! ! ! ! ! i'm screwed looks like i will unfortunately be wearing a cowboys jersey sometime soon :( 😭 😢 
USERNAME well lemme know ... i'm what u call a holiday floater 😏 cuz u know my momz don't celebrate holidays 😥 
nov .16 @ fab lounge free before 11pm - #sweet16 (first 16 people get a free drink) - $5 with college ids(have valid id also ): ; :/ 
USERNAME no 😔 i was just making sure it wasn't a rumor cause i heard some girls at freedom talking bout ur team and what seniors u lost 
my wisdom teeth got me looking like this 😾 😡 ! 
so sorry about ur aunt ! hugs ur way ! rt USERNAME bawling my eyes out . rip aunt nancy :( (( 
i'm missing the notebook special edition tonight for #blackice 😭 it better be a good practice y'all ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME lol . you should . this episode is too sad :( 
i miss my baby ! ! ! feels like i haven't talked to him in forevs :'( 
i was crying from laughing so hard last night reading all those 😭 😭 😭 
ughh i really need someone to talk to but nobody is answering my call :( ((((( 
USERNAME why she gotta be so aggy ? gosshh its just one night :'( i wanna cry , real shit 
y'all my girlfriend is in pain 😔 i wish i coulda make her feel better ! 
USERNAME it feels like it :( i been good you ? <3 
everyones family members have been passing away lately 😔 ✋ #rip 
USERNAME ricky ! why don't u love me anymore ! :'( u haven't tweeted me in forever , and ur not keeping ur promise from canyon club ! :( 
USERNAME because no one likes us :( they especially don't like oklahoma cause we haven't and don't get a concert 
i wish i had a cuddle buddy to watch movies with tonight . #sadtweet 
i always think i'd like living alone , until i realize that means usually eating alone , too . #hateeatingdinneralone #skippingdinnertonight 😞 
USERNAME hope your feeling better pretty girl . had to stay away this weekend because of my awful immune system . can't afford 2 get sick :( 
USERNAME i hate watching my fantasy team quarter by quarter & the score doesn't change ... what he said 😞 
USERNAME lol no prob ! musta na ? ! i miss u guys 😰 😞 
astrid is exhausted from the birthday party . my poor baby :( #dogmom 
after watching clips i swear to never scream like a banshee at another concert :( why didn't somebody tell me ? 
USERNAME are you offline .. i dont want you to be offline :( 
damnn iv missed you twitter , it's been like 3 days since iv tweeted ! smh 😠 😤 😢 
r . i . p jaquez mason :'( i miss you lil bra <|3 
i absolutely love when no one texts me ... :( 
is there a life alert for people who aren't elderly ? like , if i buy one and they find out i'm not ancient , will they ignore my emergency ? :( 
six chapters of math hw to do ! fml :( tomorrow i must finish at least 4 ! 
USERNAME i tweeted you or like an hour & you didn't follow me . 😔 
USERNAME shout out to this dude for being a doctor , he got that phd . he can rap ! ahh i miss him </3 luhh you doe #followhimnowordie 
at one point everyone gets tired of the same ole stuff 😒 😔 
kiss me hard before you go . #lanadelrey 4 hour car ride 😞 @ massachusettes turnpike URL 
i miss jenna . she needs to come sing with mee ): 
USERNAME all i got was a hamburger and french fries at home ): oh well . at least i'm not hungry . 
USERNAME USERNAME thank you .... but he isnt going to answer :'( 
i don't even want to do anything all week . i feel like this headache won't go away . 😣 
my bae doesnt remember his wifey ? :( im sad now ! 
USERNAME > :( ....... *walks away and slams the door* 
USERNAME hahah awh poor meg :( sadly that wasn't even the worst part of the night . (wish that was all i had to deal with) 
ughh i would get sick with less than a week left until we come home ! 😔 😷 #justmyluck 
i hate having big boobs -__- they stop me from buying cute shirts lol . #fml 
last night in jersey :( having dinner at due mari w USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME doesn't feel like it :( but ily anyway <3 
USERNAME aww congrats bb ! ! miss you guys so much 😭 hopefully i'll be back soon 
i walk upstairs and dad goes i changed my shirt , what more do you want from me ? ! 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME shout out to this girl for being hilarious ! i miss her soo much </3 ahee be muh babbaayy doe #follow 
USERNAME i usually end up staying home if i have no one to go eat with me lmao it's embarrassing 😞 
#confessionnight i was rejected by my crush in 4th grade :( 
i feel so bad when drake gets in trouble ): 
USERNAME annywaazz lol i made a bet that if we lost i would wear a cowboys jersey ! ! ! ! fml 😣 😢 😞 😔 😖 💔 👎 
i shot my 9mm about 45 minutes ago & my ears are still ringin' ! ! :( ( 
USERNAME i'm realer that real . wish you could have hung with us last night ! 😔 
USERNAME what ? ! 😔 why ... omg kels get better ! 😘 
USERNAME i miss you too darling ! ! do you have practice all week :( i need some mikaila time 
omfg .. i hate pregnancy ! ! i can barely breathe :( 
sorry i was gonna come . but my mom didn't have time ... :( 
rodney harrison can get it , but i think we maybe cousins lowkey 😦 
i feel like me and USERNAME are the only ones that are being ignored by USERNAME :( liam please follow us ? 
USERNAME hillary says she's retiring :( but i'm still holding out hope #gohillary 
USERNAME i know it was pretty bad was disappointed 😔 mad sac loved it though she said it was brilliant haha ! how's maths ? 
i always design shoes on nike i . d . that i know i will never get ! 😢 
looks like ill be living by myself when i get to chicago until christmas .... 😿 
i have literally gotten everyone sick . sorry guys 😔 
i haven't seen my sister in 2 days and i finally see her and she says how she thinks i'm ugly 😭 omg love you too sis 
USERNAME idk my dude wit michel as goalie idk :-( 
the most depressing thing ever is when your hand hits the bottom of the bag ... no more popcorn . :( #stillhungry 
USERNAME omg i'm so sorry ! i saw the girl & mistaked it was you ! i'm sorry . :( my bad ! ! 
motown & brought me food . i'm still hungry . 😔 😔 
got an email at 4 a . m notifying me of a new follwer . my thoughts reality , USERNAME :( 
work hard play hard ? uh no work hard so your car could get busted to bits . #fml 
USERNAME i know but i have so much hw 😞 👎 i don't get to have a holiday 
USERNAME hasnt talked to me in like 3 days ): #supersadtweet 
wishing i was with my loves USERNAME and USERNAME tonight ... but instead i'm working 10 hrs and then driving back to stinky ptown :( 
& i don't want to text/talk to no one but her 😔 
wow this rain couldn't fit my mood any better #somethingsgottagive 😔 😣 
USERNAME my dad said we might .. but i don't wanna go without you :c it'll be awk ! 
can't ask a simple question without getting bitched at by someone ! 😡 #literally #fml #notcool 
#cruelworld 😔 😒 rt USERNAME because people shallow denna hoe rt USERNAME so why do people only care about physical appearance tho 😩 😒 
yeah i didn't want thay cuz i no the outcome :( 
USERNAME USERNAME sorry guys i have lil man , and unfortunately he's not 21 :( someone shoulda gave me the memo 
USERNAME yess ! ! ! lol i've been working the weekends tho :( i work all next weekend too it blows 😱 
i had such a good wkend , it just went by too fast :( 
USERNAME i'm going crazy not watching the game ! :( (((( 
seeing you made me realize how much i actually miss you 💔 
but all my money is going towards my car 😭 
i really thought she was gonna bring me some chips back from the store ... 😔 
USERNAME i woke up to your text and was like dammnn ! 😳 😔 
my two and a half hour nap did not help at all , i still feel like shiit . #fml 
hate how i felt like i had to compete yesterday .... 😞 #wishiwasenough 
even though i spent all weekend with my best friend i need right now :( USERNAME 
damn you facebook and twitter .. why must you be so distracting ! ! :( 
i want to go home ... but i don't want to leave at the same time ! :( #tornintoamillionpieces 
why did uncle ben have to die in this movie too ? 😢 
that sounds fun . wish i could to ! 😞 
i've been procrastinating my shit all day 😞 rt USERNAME do not wanna study or do hw at all 😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😩😩😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫 
USERNAME i know ): i haven't seen the baby or anything ! i feel like the worst cousin ever 
USERNAME :( we'll just have to make a road trip ! ! ! 
USERNAME i wish i could drink some with you on your birthday :( love you i'm sure you drink enough for both of us lol 
USERNAME tries so hard to get 1d boys to follow her 😞 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
that text i found out about hurts me in so many ways 😢 
i should of choosen 1 or the other and . now its to late after she is the 1 i would of chose :( 
grabbing your earlobe with your flat iron is the worst feeling in the world . #inagonizingpain 😭 
i've never realized how insecure i am . 😳 😔 
USERNAME can't wait till u make it to basic .... i don't have cable :-( but i see u guys 
i wish it acceptable to have coed sleepovers :( #maybesomeday 
i've been watching cancer stories for the last hour . so sad . crying my eyes out . 😥 💔 
i feel like i got married to be alone :( #truckerwifeproblems 
most goals in 2012 (club and country ): #messi 76, c #ronaldo 59 - #falcao 42 - #ibra 38 - #cavani 36 - #huntelaar 34 - #rvp 33 #fcblive ” 
shit . i was so caught up that tony was coming to see me today i missed my nephews first birthday . i suck . :( 
USERNAME ever since you left it's been sad days being and eagles fan 😞 
USERNAME everytime you do an #askliam you never answer my question :( 
USERNAME lmao i did what the heck haha it's just a jersey i bet on the chicago bulls game the other day ! now my nails are red n grey 😞 
USERNAME bugs me that they don't cover #ahlheat more . lockout changed that a bit . don't expect that to cont . when lockout is over tho :-( 
just tryna find a cuddle buddy ... 😔 USERNAME URL 
i miss the way things used to be . 😔 
boy u got my head spinning but i cant tell u ! your off limits :( 
USERNAME i missed it but i know they lost & their doin horrible this year :( 
just saw USERNAME mom at outback brought back so many memories #imissyou 😞 
my throat is starting to hurt 😳 😁 😔 😞 
USERNAME liam i'm sick , what should i do for a cold ? :( 
why don't boys ever love me back ? 💔 😘 @ baltimore URL 
USERNAME don't be mean ! i love michael :( :( 
i tweet all the time but its never enough :( 
USERNAME are you having any trouble with yahoo fantasy ? i haven't been able to get the app or website to work all day :( 
USERNAME no , sa work un , pro naka-ordinary ako . nagpaalam lang ako sa isang ka-work ko kz dko na cia makakatrabahp this week . sakit :( 
got off work an hour early , but now i'm home alone 😭 
my dad should be watching this game with me 😔 😁 
really depressed about the fact i'm starting to get sick 😔 
ugh i almost want to go to that show because i'm so bored but i feel like shiit :( 
i hate how we let people get in between us :( 
nobody down to just chill and hoop anymore . #sadtweet . 
i just want my nephew and sister to come over 😔 
USERNAME please come back :( #trimthefat #fireandy we love u donovan #nohomo 
1more hour ready to go , miss my nylah last time i seen her i was being mean .. :( 
USERNAME di kse sanay matulog sa hapon eh :( tas tamo di nanaman ako mkkatulog nito mmayang gabi kasi nagnap ako :c 
my brothers going into the navy ... 😞 😔 😰 
i fucking miss my boyfriend . this week needs to fly by :( 
USERNAME i may not be able to because of the migraine :( 
USERNAME no that's not okaay . i'm hungry :( lol 
USERNAME i hate time differences :( can you tweet me tonight since i'll be at school tomorrow ? ! i love you so so so much ! follow ? 😘 💋 
reason why lakers are starting this year off horrible ... USERNAME isn't wearing the number 24 😦 
USERNAME :( . maybe the next one . aq < 10 10 
USERNAME please don't do it while i'm in school liam ! i always miss them it makes me sadd :( 
i don't wanna feel this way .. but i do 😔 
all i want is a followed bak s/o or rt from one direction justin bieber and austin mahone ): 
i wish i never got in trouble with cops last year , i would be having a quince in a few weeks if i didn't 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME ouch .. what a lousy way to go . and a vietnam vet on veterans day weekend . :-( 
the longest relationship i've had was with my car . jennay , your automatic seatbelts & manual windows/locks will never be forgotten </3 #sold 
USERNAME do you want to just come with me i really can't afford to skip :( 
aw lol i'm tanning and zachs laying on my couch and i get a text saying i miss you :( 
i wanna go watch wreck-it-ralph , and USERNAME is not here to be my date tonight 😔 
USERNAME im sorry .. :( i dont evn know wht the fuk was goin on .. but all i know is i had a good ass time . so thank u . 
USERNAME i'm looking for it , my app closed out so im still looking :( one sec 
USERNAME yeah ... my hair got messed up already .. stupid wind :( 
just a bad night ... i just wish i could have my papaw here with me right now :/ 😭 only if i cried ... 
i really want a pair of louboutins , why do you have to be soo expensive ! ? :( 
i wish i hung out with people who listened to all of my favorite music 😞 i'm always like & get shut down 😒 
hungry n no money to eat straight losing at work .. :-( 
soo mad at my mom :( she won't let me eat raw cookie dough 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yes i do know raquel i don't believe it :( 
USERNAME miss you more bro :( i can't wait to have you and USERNAME back home ! 
USERNAME all i want is a virtual hug from you liam pls i'm having a horrible day )) ): 
USERNAME i know you don't like him but i can't help what i feel 😔 it's your job to help me get over ! mkay can't wait to 👀 u 
USERNAME (785 ): i . did . in fact . sprain . my liver . this . weekend . 
stalling . don't want to go back to oklahoma . it's too too lonely . :( URL 
USERNAME aww :( i hafta wait until tuesday to get it :( don't worry thoughh , the us will deff make it to #1 albumm ! 
USERNAME our time zones work against us . 😭 #neverdrunkatthesametime 
USERNAME i miss you too , big ! :( ( </3 
i really want this to work out for the long haul 😔 
listening to . music and im in the kitchen dancing and making burgers wow im lame and i have wed off fml :( 
USERNAME it sucks :( i hate holding it in but then once i start i can't stop lol it's ridiculous 
as i come on twitter i see a picture of mitch :c 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm watching it too :( makes me cry every time ! 
USERNAME i miss you :( & i'm so bored .... 
im going to be okay . i know this but in the mean time shit kinda sucks ... :( 
i'm so ready to just start my career . only problem is idk what what i wanna do 😔 
i want i hop or olive garden or andy's .... where'sy boyfriend :( 
i love how i follow people , but they can't #followback . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME im crying because there is no point in trying :'( 
USERNAME but ...... but i was wirking and missed them :( 
if i let my anger get to me i'm gonna have a broken phone , laptop , and start throwing things . 😠 😡 😠 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 👿👿👿👿 😾 
on my way home . missing da bf :/ 😢 
USERNAME andate con las gringas :( (((( nunca no das bola a las latinas . 
USERNAME damn ! ! i needa get my axe to ic we don't got shit ! idk if we have a papa johns :( it's a grind ! 
i honestly never thought i would say this when i was younger but i really do miss my twin brother a whole bunch ! :( 
anybody wanna cheer me up .. kinda been sad since i went to the cemetery . :( 
“USERNAME damn :( your jets decided to look like my giants . go ny (nj) lol USERNAME horrendous . 
USERNAME i'm so sorry :( ( i hope they can get her on some really good seizure medication that works for her really soon ! 
i'm still fucking hungry and tired 😔 😳 😑 😐 
USERNAME where is trisha today ? no tweets . :-( boo 
seriously about to cry that i won't be seeing my bestfriend .. :( 
USERNAME im sorry it was so terrible for you :( 
wish i had the money to be at the vs secret shopping event right now 😢 
taking a nap before work and hoping i wake up from this nightmare . i still can't believe it :( #sorryicantbethere 
found pictures of kiki at my house on christmas from back in 2005 💔 URL 
i love glee i wanna be on the show :( 
so many feels right now ! 😭 #doctorwho why is this last episode of season 1 so emotional ! ugh ! 😭 
my last night fuckin wit my bissh mary jane :( lol 
USERNAME no ya no soy un pato porque la gente lo berreo :( 
._.) im sorry for all the damage our family has done to you </3 and this tweet well tears were falling down . :'c 
i hate not knowing what i did wrong . if i did something wrong , just say it . if not , i can just forget about it and let my mind relax . 😔 
i miss you , i just can't wait for you to get back ... 😔 #whyme 
lmfao @ mariam & i sitting here calling each other princess bc we have no one else to do it for us 😭 😭 😭 😭 #foreveralone 
“USERNAME lets all laugh at tim tebow (pic ): URL USERNAME 
😔 thank u ... just dont feel like that sometimes . :/ 
USERNAME k thanks ! mine is march 11th it cut off right before reba's :( 
end of last song is so sad 😢 always cry 
lol i'm falling apart at the seams ! ! if my eyes don't stop swelling , i'm nor gonna be able to watch the bears game :( 
.. i'm getting pretty hungry . and i'm all alone :( lol 
USERNAME i still hate that i'm so far behind :( 
i hate that i can't play in wednesdays scrimmage 😞 
USERNAME whee . you should text me sometime , we stopped talking . :( 
USERNAME and im tweeting ... dont judge my grammer damn it ! i am a failure :( .... 
omg the last song gets me everytime 😥 😭 #sosad 
i think i'm having an anxiety attack ... shit :'( 
USERNAME aww i miss you too sandy ! ! ! ! fucking come back to udhs ! ! :( 
weekend is almost over ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( :'( 
holy . freezing . someone snuggle me to warmth . :( 
when someone needs u but you're to far to hug them . :( 
can't find my keys 😩 so i'm locked out my room , pretty much i'm out on my ass 😭 
okay , i take that back ... daddy just fell ! ): USERNAME 
selena you fucking did this to him . if i could i would fly to wherever he is and comfort him . seriously </3 URL 
the house bunny and the last song are on at the same time and after that valentines day and the notebook are on at the same time . why . ! ? :'( 
bye bye dad 😔 see ya in a week and a half . ✌ 
USERNAME it's okay because at least you're playing me , where half the time you might know what i drew . :{ d 
people always complain about their siblings . i wish i had some ... :'( 
USERNAME what a sad sad day :'( i guess kerlvin just took are pics for fun 
i'm sorry girl :( dude that's always the best 👌 and aww okay 😰 
USERNAME yeahh that's what happens ! i'd scream just as hard for all of them if i ever had the chance to go . ): 
USERNAME my letter is officially sent , i can't wait to see you :'( 
work (n ): the stuff you should be doing instead of playing halo 
USERNAME - ughh , alright bro . hope it all gets worked out . i hope you dnt quit tho :c 
i need to do something tonight . where r all my franz at ? :( 
i miss my dad . haven't talked to him going on four years </3 
USERNAME i know , i got called into work that day ! :( 
“USERNAME oh shit boys ! ! ! gots my camo .. ready for some walkers USERNAME USERNAME thanks for forgetting someone :( (((( 
bye bye big bear ! 😔 it was fun while it lasted USERNAME @ big bear adventure URL 
mlrt > i dont have a boyfriend no more :( lol 
shitty mood and its only 7 ! ? and i have a ton of homework to do .. damn :( 
i've eaten so much this weekend ... shame on me 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME im ugly you dont wanna see me ): 
the notebooks on tonight , time to cry my eyes out ): 
i'm going to cry if brad doesn't get his phone back soon . 💔 😕 
brb . crying watching the last song . 😭 USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME hahaha i want him to be mad too . ;) but i don't want them to lose :( 
home alone ... by myself ... with no one with me ... alone . 😔 
i love her , and i hope that she realizes that i would do anything to make her smile 😭 . #sad . 
USERNAME a big enuff shirt wud cover that gu t.t hen when she take it off her stomach be past her buil t.t hen i'm like f it i'll do her 
USERNAME last time ill ever be on the field ! :( wanted to take it with me ;) 
i hope i get home on time so i can watch the notebook ! :( 
USERNAME me too ugh why is it everywhere . smh tho . bad parenting . ): yeess , good food is good . *___* 
idk what to be more afraid of .. the fact that this guy keeps walking pass the front desk or the fact that all of his hair is gelled down 😞 
best weekend ever though , wish tomorrow didn't have to be monday :( 
wish USERNAME would go home , so i can call him . :( 
if a girl is silent , it's dangerous . they're either: about to blow up , need a hug , falling apart , crying inside or all of the above . 💔 
USERNAME seriously you have my heart like this 💔 because you don't have saving private ryan 
me and USERNAME haven't snap chatted all day :( #mehh #missyourface 
USERNAME yeah i have an angel looking down on me :( 
when i lay down and try to get up on my elbow . i get on my hair .. and it hurts . allot . 😣 💇 
i miss my bestfriend .. why tf did all that happen 😔 
USERNAME :( it'll get less worse and worse as the day goes on , keep your head up boo 
USERNAME aw :( yeah i hate showing emotion in front of anyone so i lock myself in my room 
long time no drink 😔 @ ten ren's tea time URL 
i wish i lived closer to USERNAME that would solve alot of my problems . 💔 
USERNAME thanks darling ! i never see you anymore 😥 
... i just wanna lay in bed with my babe all night and all day :( but no i'm gonna be sleeping alone cuz he has to work overnight # :( #lonely 
USERNAME damn that sucks :( the hole left side of my body hurts so bad ... 
USERNAME you missed out on a good show ! 😧 
this super long chapter is really helping my headache 😞 #jk 
USERNAME hahaha it was only a couple of strands . last time ever playing on that field :( 
USERNAME literally want to cry worst moment of my life by far ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 
charging my phone in mcdonald .. 1 more day to go 😭 . 
mac is dying ): my charger is all the way in my room ... too far from the couch . 
USERNAME i miss you more al please come home we all need you here ! it's not the same w out you :( 
i hate that we don't talk anymore , i miss my best friend ! 💔 
no shampoo or conditioner ! :( time to pull out my free samples ! lol 
i wish i was with my boy right now :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( then it's a good thing you spent your vacation with her ! hope she recovers soon ! 
USERNAME yeah i see that now . for some reason twitter has been sending me everything . :( 
jealous that my friends get to go see craig owens , and i'm stuck being sick at home :( 
it sucks when you have to walk away from someone who made such a difference in your life . 😭 
USERNAME the notebook is on tonight at 8 and your not even here to watch it with me ! ! :( hurry up & get back to the college . 
USERNAME awweeww feel better :( dont be sad okay ! watch a movie or nap to forget about life . thats what i do . 
here's to the last song and the notebook and making me feel like shit and hate my life . 😫 😭 🍷🍟🍦🍰🍪 
USERNAME shush there losing that's why i don't wanna 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME more crap ill have to deal with cuz i wasn't there :'( 
why can't it jus be summer all year 'round ☀ 😔 #wishfulthinking 
horizontally blowing rain means it's raining inside the #tollbooth . :-( #wettollbooth 
i lost my wallet & it has my credit card in it along with $50 omg :( ((( 
USERNAME what a puss ... hurting my playoff chances :( 
USERNAME i'm crying right now because you don't have saving private ryan 😭 
😢 my baby is leaving me forever , i wish it luck and hope it has a good future ! #kawasakikx85 #ka @ toby land URL 
USERNAME same . just working a lot . 😕 i miss you ! 😢 
USERNAME text me sometime ! i miss you ! 😔 
just got punched for yelling cowboys nation at USERNAME house ): #texanfangfprobs 
so happy after ! #marineland no cameras with the dolphins :( @ st . augustine URL 
why try too fixx something thats already broken </3 ? 
i wish i was beautiful like a diamond in the sky ... :'( 
happy 12th birthday to my baby brother diamond 🚶 ♥ guess he's not a baby anymore 😔 
USERNAME o my bad i thought u were at cc . workin and gettin some major bancos ? ? i'm jealous i gots no bancos :( #bancosismoneyinsam 
so do me a favor and stop because we will never be ✋ 😔 
USERNAME text mee whenever you want to ! exams all week :( 
fredo was replying to people will i was sleep :( i'm gonna kms 
USERNAME thanks you too ! ! o personally didn't like how bryc did theory tryouts though :( 
yep now this is the part where the tears start coming 😢 
USERNAME no :( now were you lying about saying chick said i was cute ? 
damn i ate too fast ..... now my stomach hurt 😔 😔 😔 
burning chicken nuggets ... who does that ? #me 😞 
USERNAME no girl ! :( i have to wait til tuesday ! 
i miss those times too bro .. i miss our senior year 😞 
i need gloves ! ! ! #asap ! ! > :[ 
wanted to go to big jam this year , but i got to work :( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 if i were you i would cry ! 😩😩😩 😘 
tomorrow is my lil sisters 16th birthday and it breaks my heart to know my father ain't here to see her so grown :( 
i wish my battery wasn't 40% so i could listen to music 😔 
having our meal before i head home :( hrh moses (@ ihop) [pic]: URL 
USERNAME g-mas for ever haha . and no , why are you missing that whole week ? an absolutely a skype date soon , i miss you too ! ! ! :( 
man , i almost woulda rather we just let amendola into the endzone so we have time to respond . watch them score with no time left :( #49ers 
USERNAME awwh you should have yelled at me like lol :| i'm sorry :( 
who wants to come sit up at work a s protect me & haley ? 😢 #scared #meh 
USERNAME haha .. jgn tnye .. itu tak tahu bile :o :( 
sunday nights are the worst bc USERNAME goes home and i do homework :'( 
USERNAME guess what today is ? ! ? ! 11/11 ! ! #yee you should make my wish come true by followin me ... #pleasee :( 
USERNAME you don't even text me no more 😞 so i didn't know 
the day at work is going by quick that's great but i fell like i still have a lot to do :( 
v.v but . . . . . . . . . i still love you your still my cousin your still part of my life your still one of the reason i smile . 
USERNAME ohh , well my parents deffenetly won't let me get a cat .. if they would .. i would have had one like years ago ... :( #sadtweet 
r . i . p to my last relationship 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME awh :( it b so boring when one of my kids miss & 4real lol dats our baby 
i miss my light skin 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME thanks victoria :-( will take miraculous turn of events for USERNAME to make playoffs . stranger things can happen i guess . 
USERNAME i need one not online lol . i'm lucky to have a good friend with a baby close to mine . but she lives really far :( 
i don't wanna be sick anymore , ugh . 😷 😔 
USERNAME aww this sucks ! ! ! :( ((((( is there gonna be anytime you will come to new york 
the federal government controls the weather ! they destroyed new orleans & new york on purpose .. 😞 😒 
oops , i napped for 4 hours . i want wingstop :( . 
ughh just remembered i work tomorrow ! 😢 😢 😢 😢 
so many people in need , even in this time of year ... worse than ever now ! wish i were rich so i could help ! :-( 
USERNAME you've gotten me , is that bad ? </3 
USERNAME weekends always have to go fast ! 😞 :( 
it feels like it's -10 c 😔 so so dry . time to start drinking a lot of hot coco . URL 
fml i left my wolfcard in the washer 😭 😔 😣 
every time i leave jr&sonia's house they tell me instead of saying bye ): 
left the window in my room open and now it's freezing 😣 
how am i so tired ? i need to focus right now :( 
the blind side makes me ball every time #softie 😭 😭 😭 
walked away from buying a pretty pretty watch two days ago . now i can't stop thinking about it . :( 
10,000th tweet ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 my life is complete ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME werd lmao , u still mad at me ? 😔 
hate sitting at home alone ... it just makes me think .. 😢 
dang :( i am getting sick , i can feel it ... 
USERNAME stop it :( i'm on the verge of tears worst thing eva 
USERNAME my licenses expired on my birthday . and all the dol's are closed until tuesday because of veteran's day weekend . :( 
USERNAME guess what today is ? ! ? ! 11/11 ! ! #yee you should make my wish come true by followin me ... #pleasee :( 1 
USERNAME USERNAME that little .. ? his ass needs to . come out of hiding and play with us ! :( 
i'm so sick right now :-( (@ flagg street manor) URL 
ahh think i pulled something in my quad , can't even walk .. 😣 
omg this movie ill be crying a river 😭 😫😩 😖 
USERNAME you were always there for me , i just never reached out to ya . which i know i'm wrong for ): 
all i can think of right now is ernest . :( n my life ugh 
the top button on my phone broke #wontpush 😥 😔 😰 
so sad seeing my grandpa have to use an inhaler to breathe :( 
what a crappy way to end my shift . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i have an android . not too shabby . but it's not an iphone . :( 
how we was last year is so different from how we are now </3 
being single sucks . but it's even worse when you know who you want . 😔 
i mean you could've told me u was coming home ! 😣 
trying to convince my babyy to watch the notebook with me 😭 
USERNAME yes , please go . i dnt wanna be a loner , lol :( 
the hospital scene in the last song . 😢 #herecomethetears 
granny cooked today ! i want a plate ! 😔 
USERNAME awh :( i know that's not it . but i will feel better by tomorrow njght ! #excited 
USERNAME i kno :( u never texted me to chill 
USERNAME i put the notebook to record for you vih .. since you don't live here anymore :( 
always hungry ... never know what to eat 😣 😁 
so many people at this target . i've started to develop anxiety when shopping in busy places . 😥 
one of my portmeirion botanical garden mugs fell from the counter and broke . *sobs* :( 
USERNAME idt my moms gonna let me get one :( but she said a woman she works with might be interested 
USERNAME who's going ? i dont have the money for a membership yet . :( 
ugh i hate being in this mood right now 😞 
didn't get to do what i wanted to do this weekend 😔 so fucking annoying 
USERNAME great , why haven't i seen you on oovoo lately ? you used to be on all the time . 😔 
#fupa 's back :( (@ kesté pizza & vino) URL 
probs shouldn't be bad mouthing the vet right now since she can most likely hear me . &the fact that my dog has to stay overnight here 👎 😔 
it's been 2 days not one sec 😢 leave me aloone , life 💔 
i cant believe USERNAME and USERNAME actually broke up :'( 
can't handle that breaking up fighting shit . it's like fuck , cause you actually care . :( #damnn 
:( all i want is someone by my side , but noo . 
i feel like absolute shit . someone take care of me :( #sick #waahh 
now i have2 wk 2morrow which means i have 2wait until like 10 p . m . 2watch the voice&see USERNAME perform :( #irecordeveryepisode lol 
i like to pretend nothing is wrong with my mom becus when i think about it it brings me down and my heart can't take it 😔 😔 
all i want is for things to be good again .. not perfect . just good . the kind of good it used to be 😔 #missus 
#confessionnight i kinda miss #oomf , i miss talking to him almost everyday . but oh well too late :( 
the website says open until 8pm ! ! ! :( (@ lowe's home improvement) URL 
when you find out that some of your really good friends aren't gonna make your 16th birthday party .. 😭 😣 😥 #hatexcsometimes .. #havefunguys .. 😞 
USERNAME your daily syllabus has arrive d: read susan sontag chapter , write dwa on it , create a vocab list(10words) from it also :( 
life would be so much easier if i actually enjoyed reading . 😞 #needmotivation 
USERNAME darn i wish you hadn't posted that one :( 
USERNAME mine too andd it looks like i have no ass . and i had a big one ! ! :( 
seriously . #wtf . missed extra point ! 💔 💔 🏉 
USERNAME i know ! it was crazy . and i'm so tired . :( 
boo .. i bought a scented thing for my car & i showed it to my stepmom , she thought i bought it for her so she kept it </3 
i have by far the worst headache ever ! 😔 
only 3 bars of signal in my room :( #noo 
i always mess things up when a good guy comes into my life </3 
how is it i can't go a day without talking to you but you can go a day not talking to me 😶 😔 
USERNAME lmfao stop yourself i love him ! but omg ) ): has you started 
it got so cold so quick , now i'm really not looking forward to another work week :( 
sad i didn't see USERNAME this weekend :( good thing we have another home game to look forward to ! 
i jist wat my car back so i can get food 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 not okay #starving 
USERNAME i know it does feel weird not texting you every day ! 😣 #notcool 
i'm so overr thiss headache thingg .. ): #goaway #hatething #justwannacry 
it is completely impossible for me to watch the last song and not cry #sosad 😢 
USERNAME i know :( i totally spaced that we were at dads :( when are you guys comin back up ? ? 
well i thought this was a good idea . but now it's making me wanna cry . 😥 
tl dead .. 😲 🔫 y'all text me , phone dry ! 😒 i'm out yo ! ✌ 😔 
i am so crabby right now and i hate it 😔 
USERNAME aww yeah i knew but am too poor to go :( :( :( sorry you missed an opportunity ! ! :( he is good live . 
#mentionsomeoneyouregladyoumet USERNAME i offer you rides and you never take them 😞 
USERNAME are you serious ? ! i'm balling my eyes out 😢 
USERNAME wish you were with me too :( seriously .... 
i wonder if i asker for food if she will share ... 😞 
my message inbox isn't working USERNAME so i can't read your message you just sent ): 
ducks wont get me water shes a bad host :( 
i'm sobbing rn ! this part of the movie is so sad 😔 
sitting here thinking about all my niggas man i miss yaw if yaw was still here my life would b alot better ' :( 
hospital scene in the last song . breaks my heart . 😔 #i 'dbelostwithoutmydaddy ❤ 
USERNAME i haven't seen it yet bc i've been so busy with studying . :( ( 
amazing weekend ... wish it didn't have to end 😔 #backtoreality 
wah i wish i could still be cuddlin with my bf 😔 #missyoualready 
let me get back to these books . so easily distracted 😞 
i hate when i cry during a sad movie #whymustibeagirl #depressing 
USERNAME i would retweet that but it won't let me ): 
my ma , sister's and hayden are the only ppl i wanna c ! :( 
i should prolly sweat all this out . i'm gunna die at that speed training thing tomorrow . 😣 
i haven't seen magic mike . is that sad or whaat . 😭 
i have to go to walmart & i don't want to go alone . :( 
the end of the last song always gets to me #tearingup #sosad 😥 
USERNAME i was trying to find dr droste and diana :( i was lost 
movies that make me cry << yes ima #baby 😭 
if i didn't have my mom to wait on me when i'm sick i don't know what i would do 😔 
it's sad af to see young people go r i p eli 😔 😔 😔 
judging from last night your not who i thought you were , at all .😁 😔 
just want banana ice cream :( ill even settle for cookie dough ! ! 
im mad i misses the daughters :-( i love dem ol gals 
well what are the details abou t.t he . hair show ? 
i want water . now . i am not waiting another 2 hours . im dying of thirst :( 
the fact my best friend isn't happy too see #sadtweet ! ! USERNAME 
that depressing moment when all your friends are busy and don't wanna go hottubin with you 😰 💔 😢 
didn't realize how big my stomach was til today 😔 
when harry sings backup for niall in moments . :'( 
the fact that tomorrow is monday makes me want to cringe 😔 
#confessionnight not knowing what my career is scared the shit out of me . i dnt want to end up nowhere :( 
USERNAME it's not over till its all zeroes on the clock 😔 
USERNAME i read that , and i just nearly cried :( 
wish i had a pair of onesies to wear to school tomarrow 😞 
so hard tobsay bye to the people i grew up with :( ( 
USERNAME USERNAME idk about yanneth , but i can't do it anymore because i'm on probation and can't leave harris county 😔 
mom asked is USERNAME going to play that song for cruze at his party ? what song ? the one that he says all i want for my birthday 😭 
USERNAME i didn't want you leaving either babe :( come back 
my boyfriend won't talk to me when i need someone to talk to :( he hates me . 
do you ever stop lying ? ! seriously #fedup #fml #allalie 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME that's too bad :'( i was the glue and i left ... 
i haven't had ice cream in soo long 😩❌🍦 💔 
this kinda night makes me want summer back soo bad :( 
didn't find the book i wanted :( (@ barnes & noble) URL 
still waiting for someone to snap chat me .... 😔 
it was really hard being at cheer today not with the football squad 😭 
my poor pup has an ear infection .. she's breaking my heartt .. 😔 💔 vet tomorrow for sure 
haven't seen my family for over a month . #needhome or else the closest thing to it . :( 
and y'all went to the zoo today ? jealous 😞 
i be singing along wen rappers clown niggas with no money but ima broke boy myself > :( 
USERNAME shout out for being cute and super funny . he was my best friend ... but we faded </3 miss you ! stop calling me victoria , thomas #follow 
USERNAME :( dammit , i thought we wuz subtweetin :( 
USERNAME USERNAME wish i was cute like yall two ): 
sunday and i'm in the desert with a weird stomach feeling :( 
#irememberwhen me & my bestfriend talked . life was so much better :( 
watching the last 30 minutes of the last song is the saddest part out of the whole movie 😭 
sitting in my room sobbing watching the last song . #sosad 😭 😥 
why does no one wanna go squirrel hunting with us :( 
USERNAME aha you know ! i wish i had some for art tomorrow :( 
so i think i tore a ligament in my knee 😭 
USERNAME oh boy don't have too high expectations :( i will do my best doee 
USERNAME aww man :( & na that's my bestfriend . 
it pisses me off my boyfriend hasn't texted me all day . 😢 😠 
the saddest part of the last song 😢 😢 😢 😢 
i wish i had no feelings but being happy lol 😥 💁 
i hate numbers & letters when adding them in with numbers . whoever thought of this whole 'math' concept was a complete dick . #fml & fuck you 
lol , well . . i still dont believe you </3 
my little brother is gonna hit me so ground ball ... hopefully my back doesn't give in right now 😞 😓 
iam cold :( lol i shoulda brung a blanket oh well ahahaha 
time to go home :( (@ boston logan international airport (bos) w/ 93 others) URL 
i just wanna go home and see connorr 😔 👶 #cutestbabyever 💕 
USERNAME >>absolutely not . i'm still drunk from last night 😣 went a little too hard . lol ! 
one year ago on 11/11/11 we stayed up talking about our wishes about being together for a long time .. #sadday 
i would recommend cloud atlas to anyone ... i cried like a baby 😭 
i don't want babe to leave :c it's gunna be a week to long :c 
road trip games are gonna be so boring once USERNAME isn't here nd i'm all alone :( 
USERNAME ew miguel tht place is so dirty ! :( 
i actually hate that his uncle dies and how he reacts to it in the one reminds me of my dad . :( 
USERNAME lol i sorry :( i want pie now ... haha 
USERNAME USERNAME miss you guys ! ! ! 😰 💔 😣 
i'm so done trying with this kid . i try so hard and i get nothing in return #soannoying 💔 
missing my big brother so much . 😭 #australia #come -home URL 
the last song is on and later the notebook is on 😭 😰 💜 💜 
i tell myself people don't text me because they don't have my new number yet 😭 
well great .. home alone all day .. no nieces no teddy .. and its guna be like that all night :( 
aww my jayy sad :( ( she said she anit see me all weekend 
i miss USERNAME i haven't seen her in ages . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME but but but ... they don't grow back :( 
excited for #walkingdead tonight . but it's not gonna be the same w/out tdog :( 
will beat mee w . a fuckin bb gun lastnight so now my arm && legs are all lumpy :( #sohurting 
when i call my dad and he starts crying 😢 <<<<<< 
tell my hyna tht i love her , make her think i wasnt trippn even though shell know your lying ! :'( 
no one replies to my snapchats besides chelsey . 😭 😪 😥 😰 😫 
i miss kaelen . she no longer loves me 😔 😣 
being home alone n this big ass house back in the woods scares me :( 
USERNAME hahaha ugh yes . get ready to laugh 😭 
so i know i'm not fat , but i have fat that i need to lose . 😔 
i literally hate my fuckin life right now ... 😔 🔫 
nakakaiyak tong way back home :( ( on cinema one global ! USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #tfc 
avery is making fun of me cuz this guy was complimenting me and i didnt know how to flirt :-( 
bye ej :( (@ latitude 30 w/ 2 others) URL 
damn USERNAME your cowboys just got another touch down ! wish my giants played good today 😞 
USERNAME i wish ! ! ! i'm off untill 10 tonight 😞 or id be so down ! ! ! 
watching the green mile , what a sad sad movie . :( 
i miss my dad even doe i never knew him :( 
USERNAME yeahh i miss the gym i had a nice little schedule then i lost my job 😔 so it must wait 
i would love to fight a cowgirls fan right about now .. #fml 
sunday's are great until that thought pops in your head . :-( 
well , so much for that idea of philly winning this game . :( just got home from the gym and they are done . boo ! 
i can't eat after 5. my stomach starts hurting . 😔 😐 
someone text me . i'm all alone in the room . everybody else is swimming :( #whereismymilkshake #yo 
USERNAME i wish we could wear sweats to school :( 
agh , all my time this week was spent studying for and taking a test for a class i'm not even taking . :( 
i feel less special now . :( they have different spellings but same shit . 
i can't escape u ! ! ! ! uugghh #fml 
USERNAME they are nice shoes , women oakleys but they don't make them anymore ! :-( 
USERNAME btw ! i never saw zach to say happy birthday . #sadtweet 
watching the last song and im scarred felicia is going to walk in on me crying lmao 😢 😪 #whydoitorturemyself lmao #sosad 
USERNAME there's meters ... but parking in my garage is $7. i have a gate pass but it can only let one car in :( 
uh oh .. looks like i got me a sick lil boy here :( my poor lil guy ! ! 
USERNAME and totally missed thrifting and peking with pey pey and i 😞 
USERNAME i miss the time when i lived like down the block & was always at your house 😔 lol 
USERNAME unfortunately we don't have any shows in minnesota :( 
that bonnie & clyde relationship , where we ride together 🚲, cry together 😭 , fight together 👊💢 😡 , die together 💀 ❤ 💀 >>>>>>>> 💏💯" 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i kno i kno , i'm sorry 😔 😞 😖 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i wood if i wasnt at work ): 
noo ! ! ! don’t get me wrong i’m happy the cowboys are winning but why’d they score again ! i just lost my squares :( (( 
USERNAME i hate that ! why can't there be more iphone 5 cases ? 😭 
someone should text me or visit me cause i'm so bored and lonely :c 
USERNAME wow ... i fucked up again ... i lost a key while i was trying to fix your keyboard :'( i'm so sorry 
USERNAME i did :( they don't have it where i can read it . 
USERNAME why do i live in the u . s ! ! :'( 
USERNAME totally forgot about me . -.- </3 bad vbff :'( 
USERNAME oh that stinks ! there's only 2 washers &dryers in my building but it's usually available . i just don't have quarters ! 😔 
i love seeing my grandmother in my dreams . i miss you abuela . 😥 😰 😔 
USERNAME why do you guys only talk about the uk ? )': </3 
USERNAME i miss you bitch ! 😘 😥 💗 💜 
dr . pepper tastes like pickle juice :( (@ arby's) URL 
this fantasy game is coming down to my kicker 😟 😰 😥 
i just realized i wasn't following USERNAME :( that's really sad :( 
my girlfriend hates me and i didn't even do anything 😢 😭 💔 
losing my faith in people :-( that makes me sad 
ohh , how i hate when you don't want a relationship with me #fml 
USERNAME the house bunnys on and a year came to my eye imagining you quoting it 😥 
wishing i had u in my arms :'( i miss us soo much 
nihla just put my phone in the freaking tub ! :( 
its not my teams year :( we need to trade vick . 
i haven't cried in a long time & right now i feel like cryin 😥 
USERNAME ik ahahah and i sent them once and no he just didnt see them :( 
bye seniors #illmissyouall #somuch :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
there r a lot of horny folks on twitter tonight ! wuts going on people , not getn any ? ? same boat 😔 
USERNAME omg miss u like hell , kali 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 i hope ur having a swell time 👌👌👌👍👍👍 😊 😊 
got very little sleep last night so it has been the laziest day ever . i haven't done a thing all day ! i hate wasting days away 😞 #sotired 
most of my friends are going to shadow next year :( 
why did pablo just die omg 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i missed my 7,000 tweet by like 7 ! :( s/o USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #loveyouguys ! 
USERNAME when ? ? please wait after i go back :( 
USERNAME i know , i miss you too ! waah . :( 
USERNAME you don't ever snapchat me :( or go to church now that i go ! ! 
#oomf is mean to me . ! lol; ): ) 
i wanna call someone cause im like bored . :-( 
USERNAME he said that since i had people over yesterday until latelate that i cant get one until next weekend :( 
USERNAME lol wayne you tried way too hard on that shi t.t hat shit was whack . no shave november duhh . sike bitch i shaved last night quit it 
USERNAME do u still love us ? i feel unloved by you :( 
i guess there's no point in having a tweeter since i don't even have time to tweet 😔 
now i'm gonna have to use my computer to get on twitter . no tweeting in school :( 
looks like i'll be falling asleep on this car ride . 😔 ✌😴 
just left crystal's casa :c she is all alone . lol 
lets see how many wine glasses i can break this month . current count: 2 of 4 :( 
haven't met a female yet with lips big as mine 😔 
wow :( i just don't know i just keep getting hurt ! 
my boyfriend just messaged me saying his tacos are all gone ): lololol 
wtf is my boyfriend ? ! i haven't seen him all day . ): 
lol i only have 4 followers on tumblr right now :( 
momma bleached my polo socks and now the pony is grey :( 
that sad moment when your hair gets massively shorter when you curl it 😭 #me #self #gir @ temecula creek inn URL 
USERNAME hahaha i thought we were friends nicole :( lol jk 
family tear session over my dog . #skipper #bestdogever #illmissyou 😭 🐶 
USERNAME 😔 don't you dare throw up when i get back .. 
going to surprise my boyfriend with awesome seats for the illinois at louisville game but he figured it out . #smoof #fml 
watching all these holiday lovey dovey movies makes me feel all sad and alone ... 😔 where's my holiday hunk ? ?😁 😒 
mommy is home guess me takin ova her bed , tv & room is ova .. #mygameisshutdown #gonnago 😭 inthecorner 
i was so angry at my mom , and she does this to make me feel bad she knows how much i love it (fluffed out sheets) 😔 😰 😭 URL 
we have someone coming to look at our puppies right now . another gone :( 
whoa . just dropped off the food , drinks and cigarettes at the arch , it was tense . people have lost faith in life :-( URL 
look what the freaking washing machine did to my blanket ! ! it exploded ! ! 😭 #fml #storyofmylife #ijust @ hell URL 
i ain't even much gone wanna go tomorrow ... :( :( 
USERNAME you need to get your phone back :( ( 
not even gonna lie ... i miss USERNAME so much </3 
didn't go to bed until like six this morning , it's def time for a nap 😣 😣 😴 
USERNAME tears are falling :( ((((( ! we have two oyster bars down the street when i get paid .... im going in for my bday ! 
my poor aubree is so sick i can't even look at her 😔 
am i just overly emotion or is this movie really this sad #thelastsong #tearsfordays 😭 
USERNAME i'm sure we all fancy it . i have to wait till tuesday :( for here in the us 
why does the last song have to be so sadly good :( 
i love her tho ... i wouldn't have it any other way . missin my kayla so bad right now :( 
i do think ever since the day louis went off on that larry shipper , he's just hated us ... :( 
i hope my lrt talking about or else im going to look so dumb :c i miss . her <3 
this is so sad my whole team ): and i can't practice . i missed them 
USERNAME i thought this was you so this is what i tweeted .. URL #fail #sadday # :( #rocketsfan URL 
when jonah and his dad say goodbye in the last song i cry .. #sosad 😢 😢 
the last song , has me in tears 😔 😪 
jajaja aquí tenemos es cafesito e velorio rt USERNAME eso es cafe normal con un vaso bonito , capaz sabe a orine :c rt itswilyu: aquí ( ... ) 
i dont like harry getting more tattoos :( its not that attractive . im sorry but i love him but i dont think alot is . 
it all started september 29, 2012 ... damn things come and go just like how our relationship went .. uhgg </3 
the last song makes me cry everytime i watch it ! omg😪 😔 
can't believe the weekend is already over with ! 😔 
to bad our kitty hates us and won't come out from behind the couch :( 
they keep hinting to me that i'm not getting a puppy , so i guess i'm not getting anything for christmas because that's all i asked for :( 
poor mr . oliver is getting snipped tomorrow . 😿 #kittyproblems URL 
USERNAME awesome ! bumme d: i need to work this evening . :( but i’ll be at the conf tomorrow so see you then ! dm if you want food recs . 
the last song makes me cry every time . 😭 
man i really need an arabic coffee soo baad :( #homesick 
only a USERNAME w can make me feel better 😔 
sucks feeling like you don't mean a lot to someone 😞 
i try my best to get over you because i know you don't give 2 shits about me but i just can't .. 😔 
USERNAME come home ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 #imissyou 
i think one of my new piercings is infected 😔 
my bears lost 😭 hopefully the stars can take a win tonight . 
i'll never be as pretty as some of those girls you talk to :( 
mann dis 5 game losin streak tough 😢 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i actually think i an too .. 😰 😰 😰 😰 😥 😪 😭 😢 😢 😓 😓 😫😫 😨 
worst headache i've had in a lonngg time . 😞 😣 😢 
wish my tires were fixed so i could drive to go visit jacques tomorrow wah :( 
USERNAME why do you never talk to me anymore ? </3 
that moment you remember you have an ap stats test ... and you forgot your notes a school #killme 😭 🔫 
“USERNAME but i fucking know this little dyke is not tweeting and ignoring my text ✋ USERNAME lmfao 😭 😭 
USERNAME it didn't show up :( but i love it ;d i love you ! ! ! 
USERNAME text me ! i need someone to vent to :( lol #sosad 
started the season 3-1, lost 5 straight now . soo disappointed 💔 USERNAME 
hmm i been in this happy 😊 /sad 😞 /confused mood all day 😔 
USERNAME i need my beth home more than anything ! ! 😞 
USERNAME your welcome ! ! i miss you too ! :( you need to come over and play with the kitten 
USERNAME lejoss :( ! .. pero ay ke trabajar . pues;) 
the last song is one of my favorite movies but i cry every time 😥 😭 
i don't know what to do anymore ..... smh i'm very sad , going crazy , can't sleep , cant eat , i feel like dying .... because the eagles lost . :( 
USERNAME i know das riight ! ! ! :( he always gets me choked up ! 
no mom ! it is not okay that i don't have eyebrows . 😭 
i'm so tired and sore that i can't move from bed 😢 
i feel like your not gonna give me a chance 😔 
like everybody going back trinidad except me :( :'( lucky bastards 
USERNAME looks beautiful in her pictures . still need to her to follow back :( 
i always wanna cry when we bring up my dads accident 😥 i miss my old dad ... 
USERNAME i don't have a box to put it in :( 
rt USERNAME sensitive ? i'm not the one crying on twitter sitting alone at home .... 😭 🍆💦” is that a purple dildo ? i would cry if i used that 2 
my puppy is sick and it breaks my heart ! ! ! 😥 
USERNAME i would have cried if i ran into you on the street . come back to chicago soon ! im still sad that i couldnt see you friday :( 
like i wish i wouldn't have never fallen in love with jessica because i can't ! ! move on and something makes me not wan t.t o leave ughh 
USERNAME i'd text you back but my phones disconnected :( 
USERNAME i wish i saw you more this wknd :( (( 
mama dee and i are just sitting here bawling watching this movie ! ! ! #lastsong 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i don't have an egg , so i can't make them .. :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm sorry :( soup does the body good fer sure 
USERNAME i try to even it out but its just not working that way i've just put way too much pressure on me good side for too long :( 
poor USERNAME has a tapeworm in her tummy ! :( but she'll never get fat at least 
when your bestfriend of 5 years just fades away ...... 😞 💔 
crying .. maybe i should let my mom take me to the hospital :( 
training is over :( . but on the bright side i'm going home to my fantastic husband ! URL 
i feel like USERNAME forgot all about all her pa friends from avon grove cause she has so many more followers now 😭 😭 😭 
speechless , but not in a good way .😷 😢 😢 
everytime i think about it my blood boils > :( 
today i passed by the cemetery joseph is at and i was like oh ... :c 
s\o to USERNAME i miss the poop out of you cause you never talk to me anymore ): 
USERNAME hahahahah .... oh :( okay nigga i see how it is ! 
notebook comes on soon . i'd invite a saucy lady over to watch it if i didn't have this project to do ... fuu 😔 
stopping for a short layover . this means i need to take off & land again . :( URL 
just can't believe that cowboys beat up these eagles ! :( well i'm used to it ! 
USERNAME its not just him , and i dont feel like talking about it :( 
USERNAME we are :( did one of your guys that you work with tell you about me , my uncle , &my friend austin's visit in turkey hill last nite ? 
so at the mall ... shannon , sarah and i were spraying stuff nonstop at bath and body works ... now my head hurts ): 
USERNAME where are you ? ? your phone is off :( 
sounds lame rt USERNAME USERNAME i'm sorry to say that but for me it was a waste of time :( i hope u enjoy it if u get to see it ! <3 
beethoven's piano sonata no .14 in c# minor ... 😭 😭 😭 #genius #beautiful 
USERNAME USERNAME i want my mf puppy ;/ </3 3 
USERNAME i know 😢 but you can come stay with me whenever ! 
USERNAME shout out to jacob for being really funny and good at baseball .. i dont think he remembers me though :( #followhimforme 
my world is falling apart right in front of my face 😢 🌎 💔 #ijustwanttobehappyagain 
i don't even know what to say anymore .. 😔 
USERNAME “USERNAME andy reid has now lost 5 games in a row for the first time in his career -> URL poor andy 😞 
as i sloowly approach fluency , spanish music is decreasingly effective as study music . :( : 
USERNAME ok i am just a little worried :( will she come out to eat and use the bathroom ? 
i wanna text you .. to say i miss you too , but words just can't explain 📖👎 😔 
😖 😫😪 😢 😕 🙈 rt USERNAME ayo tweet ya eagles ain't shit face” 
thanksgiving hasn't came yet and they're already starting the christmas commercials #smh 😔 
USERNAME haha ! wish i could have been there , although would have been depressed due to the loss :( 
USERNAME he never sang to me kinda made me sad 😔 
USERNAME it's on fox , which is channel 9 over here , but the game just ended :( :( 
USERNAME i know ! ! i miss you by the way . :( 
awe .. i feel bad now . i wish i could be there for her :'( 
#confessionnight ; every time i think of my bestfriend moving in less than a month i wanna cry :( </3 
i have got to stop watching all these sad movies . #depressing 
questioning every choice i made this weekend to see where and what went wrong ... 😔 
the more i live the more lonely i feel </3 
i need someone who i can just tell everything to right now .. 😞 😖 
it bugs me when i see little kids playing on their parents iphones and ipads :( go play outside 
USERNAME shout out fr being hilarioua and we kinda faded </3 i miss ya ! hahha we needa chill soon #follow 
it was nice seeing USERNAME last night for like 20 mins lol . it wasn't your kinda party , but it got popping ! #iwishyoustayed ): 
<---- going into hiding until the sixers make the playoffs 😢 😢 😰 
omg this better not be the flu :( #icky #dying 
ahh man no work assignment :-( it was while it lasted . thank you premiere & coned #godbless #cantstopwontstop 
i need to figure out my life . do i need him really truly , is he a good realtionship for me ? ! </3 
USERNAME i was about to tweet it again cause it didn't mention you 😔 but thank you 😊 
seriously i lost a whole bag of makeup . like no . this isn't happening to me ! 😫 😭 
literally going crosseyed cause i'm that tired #nanight 😴 😔 
:( not having my best friend or family within 12 hours right now << 
USERNAME noo :( chug water ! ! love your lauren 
the notebook is coming on .. let the waterworks begin 😭 😭 😭 
i'm sad i didn't get to watch all of #thegreenmile , i just caught the end :( 
USERNAME hahahahahah that was the funniest shit in the world ! ! i almost died ! ! poor bird :( 
wish he'd text me back :( thad make my whole night . 😕 
tryna keep it together , but i'm fallin apart .. #fml 
watching sad sappy movies when your pmsing is never a good idea #fml :( 
USERNAME that's so weird . im sorry :( hopefully it gets better 
i gotta learn to let shyt go at tymes & believe that everything ain't always what it seems ! ! ! ! #fml 
#conefessionnight i really like you , when i'm around you i forget how to be myself ): 
USERNAME fuckk youu migga i hate :( give me a hit please ... lol 
he said he has three girlfriends , they all know about each other , he said i can't stay faithful , they know this ...... i was done 😭 
USERNAME why am i the hunch back of ntre came :( 
USERNAME i like your avi , so jelly bc he's so hot :( 
this week is gonna feel so long . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😫😫😫😫 
i better get to spend the weekend with whitney . one without seeing her is one too many . 💔 
i can understand french people but when they have a lisp ontop of their pronunciation ... shower pousse & sheven up . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME i wanna do a new york accent :( 
why get excited to hangout with someone when they always cancel on u ... #sadtweet 
USERNAME well i have played a good old fashioned game of who peed the bed . also equally as sad :( 
omg is it just my brother that try to spit funny lines and feel like he's rapping ? oop ! only if he knew how much headache i get from it 😣 
:( i want him to come back he left to early .. 
don't know why to wear tomorrow 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
doesnt seem right to have you gone daddy . please come back :( 
USERNAME why you never see my tweets ? ? ? :'( 
USERNAME mi mama lo quiere aser en bluesky pero no dejan entrar a menore :( ( 
don't know what to wear tomorrow 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
i wish i could call her that she act like she dont me no more 😑 😕 😱 😪 😭 
i get my feelings hurt way to easily 😔 #overemotional 
s/o to USERNAME for being cool ! and having science together last year ! and for not texting me anymore ! 😔 #followhim 
rando girl in the library doesn't think farts are funny :( 
one of the things that brought us out of the great #depression was the legalization of alcohol . 
diosito cuida a mi papito :( jo me gusta cuando esta enfermito :( 
omg ima miss the notebook mom 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i really wanna go to a 1d concert 😞 #wishfulthinking 
i just want to go back to state #somuchfun #gonnamissthem 😔 
well my spanish grade is sad af ): i can't look at it 
USERNAME im not mean ! why wont they talk to me ? ! ): 
my night , watching the notebook and doing the laundry . #sofun 😞 
its so freakin cold in nola everyday .. except today from like 1pm-3pm ! #fml #hatethisweather #fuckinfall #missingflorida 
just passed my dream school 💛 ❤ 💙 😭 #sdsu 
supper with my man before he heads home :( (@ sol food puerto rican cuisine w/ 2 others) URL 
USERNAME yeah man lol they don't know how it feels to win and i'm not just use to losing :( 
i miss my bestfriend , i didn't get to see her this weekend ): 
realizing this is my last year recieving a gift from a cousin im the russell family 😭 😭 😭 😭 #bigfamilyprobz 
hmm , gonna heat up the leftovers i cooked . fuck it . ill get those tenders some other day :( 
USERNAME lol i love him to death but the snoring is so annoying . and i work a 1030 double tomorrow so ill just have to see how i feel 😔 
watching charlie st . cloud is making me sad 😔 
USERNAME don't let the notebook start without me ! i'm coming ! #late 😭 😭 
it's crazy how close we used to be 💔 ✌ 
i'm so behind in english :( i need to stop missing school 
the question of the night is ... where can i find sidney samsons edc set ? ! 😔 
why does the weekend go by so fast ? 😭 
woo i'm all drugged out right now lol 😱 😲 💊 #percocet #ibuprofen #fml 
USERNAME i forgot to try the inch worm last night . fack . maybe next weekend 😥 🐛 
almost back to jxn now another hour drive in a big storm wahh :( i just want my bf's marshmallow belly and food . maybe a shower 
you're my dream tho 😉 rt USERNAME USERNAME 😔 dreams crushed 
USERNAME you know owen daniels is inactive tonight with a hamstring injury ? :'( #texans 
lost a really good friend this weekend , he was an amazing friend , and i kinda wish things didn't happen the way they did . #sorry 😔 
sad pictures of sad romney make me sad . :( ((( 
USERNAME i'm sorry babes , i am , what are you doing ? ): 
i'm trying to remind myself that god won't give me an obstacle i can't overcome . i can do this . i know i can . 🙏 😔 
i wish someone would come over tomorrow . . i'm gonna be lonely :( 
this is driving me insane ! ! ! ! 😣 😖 
forgot my phone and laptop charger in lancaster 😑 😣 
about to watch the notebook by myself ... 😭 #singlegirlprobs 
just realized how much work i have to do by tomorrow 😞 thank god for coffee #allnighter 
USERNAME no more same time zone :( bye bye bbys 
remember how i'm going to inauguration 😭 😭 😭 😁😁😁 
USERNAME no then you'd bitch at me for unfollowing you so lose lose :( 
i always cry during the execution on the green mile 💔 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME won't be until christmas :( #supersad #longtime 
i hate coming to wendys because memories start flowing in n i end up eating my spicy nugget sad </3 
USERNAME i know right ? :( too bad you couldn't come to the engagement party ... 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( i thought you had like 80 million ? 
prayers for my momma , she's currently in the e . r . for breathing problems ): 
USERNAME i miss you too :( i didnt know brittney quit at oldtown ! i went there yesterday to say hi , and some creep said she quit 
USERNAME im your friend :( & i damn sho aint no enemy lol rt , love u 😊 👌 
so my ex came through the drive through & said don't spit on my food ! ? ! lmao 😭 
there are alot of people that could probably get itt , but there's rly only one person that i specifically want .. to bad he doesn't want me 😔 
if you're trying to kill me , it's working . </3 
USERNAME :( i did buy it from china town lmao . it's the thought u spoiled brat 
oh no . the saddest part is coming up ): 
oh no ...... here comes the cryingg ! 😭 😢 😭 😢 
i wanna move to peoria now , i miss all my friends already . :( 
USERNAME would be interested on your take on the denzel movie . some are talking about a particular scene . 😞 
savoring every last minute of today before my 40hours of work monday-friday 😔 
USERNAME i need to finish my socials homework .. :( 
watching episode after episode of awkward when we should be studying . 😭 😪 😢 😥 😰 😱 😨 USERNAME 
#confessionnight i miss my girls 😿 💔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i wish i had patience & really believed everything i want will happen to me one day - even if its not today , this year or next . #sadtweet 
USERNAME and the fact he died recently 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME wow thanks for telling me you came down this weekend . :( 
friends someone please dvr the notebook for me i don't have cable yet 😞 
omg is it just my brother that tries to spit funny lines and feel like he's rapping ? oop ! only if he knows how much headache i get from it 😣 
so happy the fam is home .. the house was way too quiet 😣 
flying on a airplane while your ears hurt = bad idea #inpain :[ 
tomorrow is the 1st day they are gonna be giving out USERNAME tickets on radio i hope to god i win since i have no money this week :-( 
USERNAME i feel really bad for you ... 😧 #yourparentsaremean 
USERNAME no :( i have to up for work at 5am 
the fact that this might actually be over ... makes me want to throw up </3 
this is the saddest part of the movie 😭 💔 💔 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 😭 💔 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i got whistled at when i walked into shop n save . 😔 😭 😭 😭 😭 
ridin in this car with my mother and aunt is going painfully slow .... 😣 🔫 cc: USERNAME 
i used to make fun of people that cries during movies & now i'm one of themm .. i'm such a baby 😢 
starving . no food in my house . mom burnt dinner . haven't eaten all day . #fml 
i hate it when people dont notice that its me after i got my hair cut :( 
USERNAME i know lol i miss you it's been like a million yearss ): 
back in south florida . this really is a #sadtweet 
USERNAME it was close in the first half , but ended awful . 23-38 :( 
come on guys i had a lot of likes , relike it f you guys :( 
noo ): i cry every time . 😢 😢 #thelastsong 
relaxing now , cause im gonna be dying in the few hours 😭 
aw i can't wait to see my boy ..... oh wait 😳 😑 😔 
why dose ronnies dad have to die while she plays tthe song :( #lastsong #whyy #soosad 
how to do professors expect me to have enough time between emotional breakdowns to do homework ? ! ? ! 😭 😫 
USERNAME USERNAME omg that's amazing ! i'm going home to australia :( too bad ! 
USERNAME lolol someone sent me a pic of his dick :( 
the last song is on abc family #notmad #abouttoballmyeyesout 😭 
USERNAME how can i hold you if you're melting :( 
i'm such an awkward turtle ... especially around a cute boy . 👎 😞 
tears welling up . can’t help it . you’re worth it . always will be . :( 
go eat nemo , dallas . i am not sassy :( rt USERNAME gezel is so sassy 
i'm so damn full . i just can't control myself when i'm at my grandmas :( #fml #fatassprobss at its finest . 
my heart literally hurts after that loss ... 😔 😢 😟 
omg im about to start crying because of this part in the last song ): 
i have 20 altogether right now . i would have 21 but tiger lilly thought it'd be cool to break one last year . she was wrong . 😔 🔮 
i haven't talked to adam in like 3 weeks ): he better be out of his program soon 
that moment when you wake up and nobody is home . #allalone 😔 😣 
what about USERNAME coming in there with a fantasy win . USERNAME :( 
dora has more freedom at the age of 6 then i do now . #fml 
USERNAME text me boo . i lost your number .. ): 
i was gonna buy these cute boots but they didnt have my size :( 
eating ice cream because i miss you :'( ha ! ! niqqa swerve ! 
relaxing now , cause i know im gonna be dying in the next few hours 😭 
i hate when the dad dies on the last song . i cry my eyes out . 😭 😔 
the last song always brings tears to my eyes . i'm such a daddy's girl 💔 
USERNAME needs to seriously come & give me a massage between this cold & work they both killing my body ouh everything me duele 😓 😔 
taking the extra time out of your life to visit someone and they don't make the same effort :( #hurt USERNAME 
every time i lose a follower i wonder what i did to piss them off :( 
i wish i never responded to #oomf subtweet when he first followed me #fml . 
i wanted to see daneli's cute self today ): but i have a bipolar ass mother that totally ruined everything . 
of course i get the worst injury at the worst time . #fml 
why can't the feelings ever just be mutual #sadtweet (via USERNAME right ? :/ 
jacqueline always ditches me to play with my nieces 😔 
USERNAME idk if were coming tomorrow . :( we just got in a fight and he lleft ... idk when he's coming back ... 
USERNAME USERNAME nope . i won't be home yet :( nvm haha 
miss my sisters already ! 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME smh </3 /': first sierra now you .... 
i want to be everything to you but u don't even acknowledge me . #sadtweet 
haha my face when jose luis won't answer my calls 😔 lol URL 
USERNAME im aware of this . i just wanted to sing that part ! :( #butthead 
well that was a nice nap in mcphee .. time for some zumba alone .. #hungover #fml 
the 60 minutes report on belle harbor was heart breaking 💔 
the amount of vocabulary you have to know for psychology<<< 😣 #myohmy 
i just heard about bango :( wtf is really goin on tho ? 
i'm sick at an outside party with just a cardigan 😱 🌃 #fml #freezing 
band that i actually got tickets for but i won't get to see USERNAME all because of this . as if my life wasn't fucked up enough . 😢 
i really need to stop swearing .. such an ugly habit 😔 
oh on december 14th . 😔 still another month . 
USERNAME yes ! my poor alex smith :( i also watched the giants get smashed by the bengals today .. haha 
#oomf is acting sad and i don't like it 😔 
r . i . p trell 👼🙏 😔 ❗ ❤ 💙 
wish i could've spent her birthday with her . 😔 
USERNAME i didn’t mean to ! ! ! ! ! 😥 
welp , he's already passed out . lol gahh we never get to spend time together anymore cuz he works so much :( #sadtweet 
this weekend flew by and this week is gonna be a long one :( 
USERNAME lmao puppy ? remember , onyxie ? ! is he still alive ? 😦 
4 more followers ? plzz ? ? ? ? :( 
damn you akers . no td montage on USERNAME now 😥 
USERNAME not for mee :( i job shadow wednesday ... 
the song ronnie & her dad wrote and she plays at his funeral , here goes the tears again #thelastsong #depressing 
i don't think i'm gonna be able to play black ops ii at midnight :( #sadtweet 
i'm trying to convince my house to watch the notebook with me in 8 minutes but no one else wants to cry tonight 😭 😭 😭 😭 #butwhy #letsjustdoit 
i guess she wants nothing to do with me :( 
USERNAME not happy :( conan doesn't come on tonight .... what am i gonna do now ? ! ? lol love ya conan 
USERNAME :( i get off at 8 anyways haha and don't know how to play 
that phone call last night broke my heart . it confused me even more & hearing you cry was the worst . 😔 
USERNAME i'll take good care of him , though . i need your help ! #yougotta :( 
it's not even monday yet & i can't wait for the weekend 😞 
USERNAME it's just so sad :( oh and btw , i miss you , a lot ! 
damn i gotta stop tweetin and start studyin for this exam tomarro 😔 
USERNAME haha . i misses you already riley ! ! ! :( 
if i could take it all back i swear i would ! :( 
my body is still in shock from the 40 degree temperature drop from yesterday to today . can not warm up :( need to snuggle .. i mean study . #boo 
i wish i could go back to being in new york 😔 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME at least you aren't losing in fantasy :( ( 
abc fam needs to stop playing such sad movies , i hate crying on sunday's 😭 
USERNAME you are yelling now 😩😩😩😩😩😩 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 
someone give me something to do tonight . :( ( 
i want to hold her today <3 feels like it will not happen :( 
i think my mechanic forgot to include my teachers assistant discount ! ! 😭 #impoor #sugardaddystat URL 
USERNAME i miss him 💔 💔 💔 tell him i love him 
sad i didn't get to watch the notebook with USERNAME like i wanted , today :( 
USERNAME haha , i was kidding ! ! ! :( lol 
USERNAME hahaha ! my bathroom was black and i was trying to get the shampoo out ! 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME whatt ? :( what happened ? what did i do ? ? :o 
ugh why does emma stone have to be blond in this ... :( i miss my blond girl . 
way to many sad movies playing tonight ! ! 😢 😞 
#pissedoff > :( :( ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME just thought we would have sundaes tonight ! dq closed :( want one ? 
#confessionnight toy story 3 is the saddest movie ever :'( 
USERNAME :( love you guys ! not sure about the 🏃 part .... but i'll definitely 🍕🍟🍝🍦🍰🍪🍬🍍 something for you 😏 
i'm all out of pto for the year ! ! :( #99problems 
babe bought me a pint of ben and jerry's before he left ... he knew i was gonna be sad :( 
USERNAME lol okay . can we go get food & see flight ? cus that really sounds like a good sunday funday for me & i've had a really bad day :( 
i feel like i'm getting sick again . #alwayssick #weak #fml 
just heard a dog out front get hit 😔 fuckers didn't even stop . #fuckallofyou 
USERNAME hahah i love the end . but good lord , so touching . 😳 😭 
what is everyone up to tomorrow ? i hate being here alone 😔 😢 😓 
USERNAME no lol it's going to be a loong night for me 😞 🔫 
USERNAME - this loss really hurts . our teams mean so much to us that it is hard to watch them loose . ugh . :-( 
there is nothing i miss more than going to belmar :( #summercomeback 
adpi formal why must you be so soon ? dateless & dressless waahh :( 
can't believe i'm missing the notebook special edition 😔 😢 
i should have taken my meds after the niner game ! i'm trying so hard to fight my sleep right now 😔 
USERNAME thanks i feel better for a day or 2 then i go back to being sick :( 😕 
walking dead ! ! ! ! i have been waiting all week .... 😢 😢 still recovering from last weeks episode #thewalkingdead #daryldixon #zombies #walkers 
so much . it feels like it's been forever . :( 
while abby and spencer take pictures with each other i take pictures alone . :( #foreveralone USERNAME USERNAME URL 
USERNAME i’m having issues with my cable internet . been on hold for the last half an hour :( 
watching the notebook at the gym 😳 not a good combo haha 😢 gets me everytime 
i can't believe they killed wallace 😓 😭 #thewire #8yearsbehind USERNAME 
USERNAME you are ! ! paola said everybody was busy tonight 😢 
im soo out of shapee right now 😔 😔 ... uh 
if you don't want to text me just tell me , don't leave me waiting .. 😔 
i hate when people don't play back on #songpop 😔 
the notebook special edition ... it's like i'm watching the movie for the first time all over again . ohh shit here we go . 😭 
USERNAME yeah .... me too . i have two oral presentations this week due too . #nobigdeal 😔 
this is my favorite part of the last song ! ! ! 😭 
USERNAME awe :( do you need someone to talk to ? 
USERNAME i wanted to ! lol but my mom made me stay home 😔 
USERNAME i couldn't swore you were talking to me 😞 ahhahahaahahaah 
fuck these niggas cause i kno god got me thats what i always tell myself that when a nigga 💔 . 
worst part of having curly hair ? trying to comb the knots out after u've put it in a bun :( 
it would be lovely if i had my voice back :( 
USERNAME you just have to quit this . so lovely . a sad thought now ? i'm one of the million fans that will never get to meet you :( 
i don't believe that time heals , i think distance does . 😔 #sadbuttrue 
USERNAME hahaha when he was a shaved pussy ! man i miss him 😿 
eventually u just learn to live with the pieces & to never give your heart away again 💔 
waiting for something you already know wont happen 😣 <<< 
USERNAME they were for the family i babysit for :( sawy 
omg the notebook is on in 3 minutes ! ! ! 😭 
teen mom makes me wanna cry . what a sad episode ): #teenmom 
that moment when you want chic-fil-a then realize its sunday . 😭 #sadface 
hurt me knee at sapphires practice today :( can't bend my knee . ice and ibuprofen are my #newbestfriends 
USERNAME if im cute ... then , why dont you love me ? ! :( 
USERNAME i know ! lol i'm gonna run with her soon ! i'm gonna die :( ( 
special edition of the notebook is on in 2 minutes ! ! #gonnacryanocean 😭 
the end of is just plain beautiful ... ❤ 😥 
USERNAME lol sorry guys i'm about to ruin your party :( 
sinister with USERNAME USERNAME & USERNAME . i'm gunna go cry now .. 😣 😭 😥 😩 
USERNAME yea , but it's much more expensive . :( 
why can't i have a love story like the last song or the notebook #tomuchtoaskfor 💔 
getting braces next year , lol yeah i'm not kidding ... #fml #babyforever 
USERNAME USERNAME hahaha okk blame it on sunchi :( hee wanted to see a dick lol 
USERNAME not fair ✋ you'd win i'm to ticklish 😢 
i wish i could be with my brothers right now . USERNAME and USERNAME :( #ineedyouguys 
i wish i had someone like noah from the notebook . 😔 
why do i have school tomorrow and no one else does :( #wvuprobz 
my arms are so sore i want to cry #dancerprobz 😭 
did i just fuck this up 😣 😔 😁 URL 
making plans on the same day and having to choose ... i'm sorry :( 
USERNAME about to cry my eyes out on another movie :( #thenotebook <3 33 
might have to take USERNAME up on that offer tonight </3 
i wish i had someone to watch disney movies with 😔 
what the ! awh :'( rt USERNAME i don't know if i can :( i don't have a ride . rt USERNAME myranda ! ! come to kathryn's already ! ! ! <3 
oh gosh . here come the tears :( #thenotebook #favmovie ♥ ♥ 
and our two songs just came on the radio one after the other . </3 
101s @ chavez (sf ): :______x___x___x_x___ x_________x___x___x_ __________x_x___x_x_ airport traffic use alternate hwy 28o to 38o 
this is the first weekend in months that both me and dylan didn't have to work and it felt amazing ! but why does it have to go by so fast ? 😞 
80w @ 5th (sf ): :______x___x___x_x___ x_________x___x___x_ __________x_x___x_x_ airport traffic use alternate hwy 28o to 38o 
finished all my homework on the car ride back to miami . recovery mode for the rest of the week 😞 #edc #2012 #orlando 
planned my whole day around watching the notebook tonight #hopelessromantic ❤ 💔 
just saw the biggest spider of my life and i just about shit myself . #notgonnasleeptonight #bawling #anxietyattack #hatethosemofos 😭 😱 
USERNAME how is that gonna happen when ur actually one of the meanest people i know ! ? ! ? ! 💔 
USERNAME why dont you ever want to see mee :( 
watching paranormal activity this movie still scary me 🙈 😦 😑 
day 50 :-( horrible stomach virus -managed 30 minutes on the stationary bike with only one break . 
USERNAME now the notebook is on 😭 😭 😭 lol 
USERNAME idk 😢 we need to hang out ! like a girls slumber party at somebody's house ! with all my babies there 💜 
that makes two of us , i miss you :( 
hate this feeling 😔 😔 😔 blah i feel so weird right now . 
it honestly kills me when my friends say they wish i would move back home 😭 
omg the notebooks on 😊 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ 
i can't watch all these love story movies , they make me so jealous 😭 
huge exam tomorrow & i haven't even started studying . guess that's what my entire night will consist of :( 
if anyone wants to watch my life from a professional stand point , watch the notebook tonight 😔 #some 
#iwantayella that will wake a nigga up with some hea d: ): ) 
when my daddy sends me pictures of my doggies 😭 😔 i wanna go home now . uggh . URL 
USERNAME miss u too buddy 😭 😓 😢 i may or may not be back on tuesday depends what if i'm working on my house or not 
USERNAME i wish i could be at the beach :( 
i'm such a baby when it comes to the last song and the notebook 😭 #someonecomeover 
nothing is right and nothing is wrong 😷 😔 😪 
someone get the tissues ! this girl will be bawlin in no time 😭 
someone wanna take me to guatemala ? no ? okay . ): 
USERNAME i'd borrow your cute clothes but i'm fat .. 😔 
USERNAME just finished watching where are they now on #own .... poor darla ! ! ! ! ! :-( 
USERNAME where can i find the video ? ! ? ! can't find it :( 
time to watch the notebook ... 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME im upsett ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! omgg :( lmfao 
why must the best things in life have so many calories ? 😔 🍪🍰🍩🍦 #sadtweet 
saying goodbye is always the hardest part when it comes to seeing bryan . 😢 
my niece needs to come visit me . . :( 
the fact that i'm missing the notebook for my research paper<<<<< 😖 💔 
USERNAME i think you are the sweetest guy on the planet . u & kristen belong 2gether . do you think you could find someone for me ! ! :( 
idk if i can handle watching this episode again and seeing the ending a second time :( #thewalkingdead 
watching holes the movie and the part with sam and kissing kate barla is to cute makes me cry when they kill sam 😔 
cried so much in the last song , and i know i'm gonna cry in the notebook even more 😭 😭 😭 
my feet look so far away when i lay down ..... :( 
the notebook is on .. thank god , i can get some 😭 😭 done 
the notebook is on , ready to bawl my big hazel eyes out in depression 😭 
USERNAME i spent most of my time with my family :( 
USERNAME jahh like no other . that shit sucks and complicated so much dude 😔 
special edition of the notebook ... reeally missing USERNAME right about now 💔 
USERNAME i don't wake up or fall asleep readings your texts . ! :( & i sent you a happy sunday txt today but forgot u were phoneless . 
i look so sketchy waiting outside these houses with my lights off hahahaha 😏 😔 
i wish i could just cuddle with USERNAME and watch the notebook tonight . but i can't #sad 😞 
for the next 3 hours i'm gonna be balling my eyes out #thenotebook #specialedition 💜 😢 
spring break .... is only a year away . haha 😔 USERNAME 🎉👏 
i'm seriously so pissed i can't watch the notebook . 😔 #shitwork 
why did i decide to start being healthy when i know thanksgiving is in like 2 weeks 😭 
:( hate being sick ! ! i feel like crap && i sound funny 
someone come watch the notebook with me while i cry during the whole movie ! ! 😢 
USERNAME oh tammy , that little brat ! you're at work ? ! i'm not there ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME was right , it gets scarier when the babysitter comes 😔 😧 😨 😰 
USERNAME thanks although i didn't watch football today i was sleeping :( 
USERNAME luckkyy ! nd we have a test over this tomorrow :( 
only if chris were here to watch the notebook with me 😔 
“USERNAME bitch took a screen shot ! USERNAME i failed .. 😔 
i can't take this pain ..... it's been constant :( 
^^^this girl is breaking and cracking into pieces . he won't even notice . </3 
USERNAME they do ! but i always tweet them but they never answer :( 
i hate the feeling of holding back your tears 😭 
the notebook is onn . lemme grab the tissues 😳 😥 ❤ 
it's the things i want most in life that always seem to never happen ! ! ! 😔 
smh idnt koe what i would do if sumthing happen too my baby . smh :( 
don't this look like nikira USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 weak as hell @ center court- muc URL 
USERNAME wish i was home , we coulda watched the late game together 😔 
oh ! tmr is monday :( i hate monday ! 
i think i might head back to orangeburg soon 😔 
nash&dwight to la , rayray to heat , meyer to ohio st , and now kevin harvick is going to a team owned by tony stewart . #fml #worstyearofmylife 
USERNAME has more pet friends than i do regular friends :( 
USERNAME no need to be sorry , i love you and i'm glad you're okay . i wish i could have been there :( i'm sorry . 
USERNAME harry follow me please ! ! ! ! ! ! babe :( 
USERNAME i know ! i hope not :( we'll see tonight 😁 
realizing you haven't eaten yet today when the dining hall closed 3 minutes ago . 😒 #greatday #fml 
it's soo cold ... :( time for #scarfs #sweatpants #uggboots 
the eagles takes years off my life . #reallythough 💔 💔 
anyone home want to go to the hot dog shoppe ? ! :( 
i can only imagine my dad's reactions right now . miss him yelling at the tv ... and me 😭 
so out of it .. read my schedule wrong for work and i was supposed to go in an hour earlier 😔 😁 #thanksjared #stillathome #wheresmycar 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i miss you too :( 
heard some very big news tonight and can't tell anyone . :( 
broken toilet , broken heart :( in addition , a ceiling leak 
USERNAME i know , every time ! it never fails 😔 
the eagles take years off my life . #reallythough 💔 
my heart goes out to the families of those who lost loved ones today 💔 
james is too good to watch the notebook so i'll be watching it alone . #sadtweet 
i just hurt my pinky really bad omg i cant move it :( ((( i was gonna tell my gf but were not talking 
USERNAME omg miss you too , i wish you were still on the teamm ! ! ! 😢 
USERNAME we are dedicated volleyball players 👍 it won't be the same without you this year 💔 
my sister knows absolutely nothing about me anymore . ): 
USERNAME i'm sorry ! ! :c wish we couldd we're already dropping someone off in johnston ! ! 
i don't care how ratchet my hair looks , it is not going back up in a ponytail . my scalp hurts :( #cheerhairprobs 
#confessionnight i miss my ex more than anything , he still means so much to me 😔 
the love of my life is leaving back to odessa today </3 /": im gonna miss you so much <3 USERNAME 
sometimes i think i'm in the slow classes cause everyone always has more work than me lmao 😔 
if i didn't know better it seems as if everyone's getting together at #hcn2012 😭 #imdead 
time for all the females of twitter to bond together over the notebook 😥 😭 ❤ 
USERNAME damn i missed out :( but tell ruben i said heyy ! ! ! ;) 
so , i work at the ranch and i got super happy cuz i thought i got a tan . i took a shower and my tan went away 😠 😔 
this paper i have to write though 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i have loved another with all my heart and soul and for me that has always been enough 😭 
#confessionnight i cried when it came time to say bye to USERNAME yesterday . :( 
USERNAME stop :[ i was in the library when you called :[ [[[ 
so it's sunday night . weekend is over ... it didn't happen :( #sadday 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i don't get it ? :( 
i miss USERNAME :( ready to party with my cousin this weekend ! oh and USERNAME ;) 
the notebook , love and basketball , the last song , and the lucky one ... what am i doing to myself ? :x #sadtweet 
USERNAME wuuah i wanted to work my first day with you :( 
the notebook is on . awesome . just what i need . 😫 😭 
USERNAME i'm also watching the notebook by myself . :( 
USERNAME you're needed rt USERNAME dude im bored and home alone . wheres my man and his cock when i need him :( 
niggas only fuck w . you when they wanna fuck w . you :( 
i like when they have the criminals on snapped , but i can always tell if they were convicted or not because of what they are wearing . 😞 
USERNAME i'm so sad ! ! ! ! ! ! first of all bc these movies are depressing and second of all bc you aren't here :( #cuddlebuddy #onlyus 
wish i could cuddle and watch the notebook #boohomework #4pagepaper :( 
i think my eyebrow piercing is all the way closed . aww :( 
i feel like shit , someone bring me soup before i die 😔 
USERNAME i could tell cuz u ain't even come to dollar tree and give me a hug ... erica did but not lynn :( 
everyone on twitter tonight , including myself , is crying or upset about something :'( 
, my baby going off to basic training in georgie on the 20th :( umma be lonley 
wish i could take my girls along tonight :( #wah 
i've only texted three people today and one was my mom ! 😔 
i acted like it wasn't a big deal and avoided the situation bcuz i didn't wana admit how i actually felt about it😩 😔 
the music at the beginning of the notebook ... gets me every time ! 😢 #loveabcfamily 
USERNAME are you ever coming back to b&b ? ? ? you aren't even on the opening credits ! ! :( 
i hate having an autoimmune disease :( always effin sick 
wish i could go to bww right now with USERNAME and USERNAME :( 
USERNAME aw omg i miss my baby </3 33 i bet you cuddle with him every night :'( 
found out my grandpas dog that he toke to work passed away this morning .. #sorrygrandpa #sadtweet :( 
hate leaving my parents #depressed #daddy #bestfriends #homesweethome #1month #sc 
didn't get to see her today :( hopein we don't have to wait till friday to see each other 
my mom wants me to dye my hair brown ): ): should i ? 
i hate when i study so much because all i want to eat is junk food ! ! ! :( 
i want to be cuddled on my couch watching the notebook with someone but no i'm stuck at work ... 😢 
omw to the hospital with faithe :-( that girl hella sick . 
USERNAME i'm so down . sadly i doubt it will be released before we graduate :( but in other news , cory&topanga aren't married in real life ? 
USERNAME you did this without me ? ! what the hell is this family coming too . i keep getting left out 😢 
time to sit here , watch the notebook , stuff my face with chocolate & cry my eyes out . wishing i had a relationship like noah & allie :'( 
USERNAME i love it . i cried the other day when my high school wrestling team started their season buck they're like a 2nd family :( 
charlie st . cloud is a sad movie 💔 😢 
USERNAME ughh i know i saw the pictures i'm super jealous :'( 
i wish cam was here to cuddle and watch the notebook with me :( #missmybff 
USERNAME i wish i was watching it with luis 😔 
#confessionnight i wish i would of got to spend more time with my brother that passed away 😔 
just sold my snowboard :( now time to buy a new one ? ? #thatsnowboardbrokemyarm #winter 
USERNAME bahahaha jake i'm sorry 😭 . please re-bro me son . you know you can't stay mad at me haha 
i miss home 😥 about to drive home . with no gas . it's okay , i'll push lmao 
can my combat boots please come in the mail along with all my sweaters ? 😞 
i wanna tweet about oomf & tag them for #confessionnight but i don't wanna get embarrassed . 😣 
the note bock :( i need someone to watch it with me but im #foreveralone 
i'm staying in tonight jk lol i have school in the morning 😢 
time to sit here , watch #thenotebook , stuff my face with chocolate & cry my eyes out . wishing i had a relationship like noah & allie :'( 
USERNAME i just watched that ! & i cried :( lol 
USERNAME heard ya disn't earn the 20 bucks after all 😢 
well it was a good game but my husbands cowboys won :( ugh ! 
USERNAME omg then me too then 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
off work and headed home to see how many worms ebony has distributed through the house . #fml 
USERNAME damn it the notebook is on and we can't watch it :( #sadday #nocable #brokegirlprobz 
#confessionnight i really wish you would hit me up , but i don't think that'll happen . #subtweet #sadtweet 
USERNAME lol , idk :( i miss everybody today ! 
fuck it all 😭 @ sun-ray cinema @ 5 points URL 
noo the notebook is on . get me some tissues asap . 😭 
haha dwl . rt USERNAME i think my laptop is messed up 😢 😕 
USERNAME why dont you answer me ? ? ? #aske3 :( 
USERNAME studying since i participated last night 😔 😔 😔 😔 i will try to join in a few ! 
and every song that comes on relates back to us </3 
boo yo queria ur a ver USERNAME USERNAME 😔 ay bailan por mi 
USERNAME noo he's not ! ! ! ! :o where are all my #beliebers at > :( lmao 
infinity g coupe isn’t the best car for costco shopping :( #tetris3d 
this isn't even my break up and i'm crying </3 
USERNAME josue ... the reps at our local att retail store are not that knowledgeable about all that att offers . :( 
found out that my grandpas dog , the one that he took to work everyday died today .. #sorrygrandpa #sadtweet ! 
oh no . ooh noo . ohh noo . i'm in my room alone . the notebook is on . this is a recipe for disaster . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME omg , noo ! are you okay ? :( i would take you to the doctor ! erin ! ! ! 
omg girl , why are you wearing those heels ? ? ? ? ? 😧 
USERNAME it's good i love it . haha but still getting used to the town , still don't know anyone 😔 
#confessionnight before every sport event i think of david 💔 r . i . p big cousin ! ❤ #loveyou #gonebutneverforgotten 
i have to reschedule my appointment to get my license just so i can finish my drivers ed 😔 
USERNAME i miss you more bro :( it's not the same before school anymore ... 
USERNAME i really want one but i'm afraid i won't be home enough to give it attention ! 😞 #imtorn 
USERNAME i don't wanna drive by myself tho :( lol 
ride - lana del rey is just so amazing she is so amazing 😭 
do you like toying with our emotions ? :( #reupnov19 USERNAME 
USERNAME you got there right when i left ): this is starting to upset me too ! i miss you also ! 😞 
it's only 8 o clock ! ! damn it's going to be a long night ! ! 😣 
wishing i could go to the state clemson game on saturday but instead i have to get my teeth pulled #fml 
too many people have been going to the hospital lately 😭 
i need some advice , and someone to vent to :'( 
im living in no reply , tx . #fml #toodryouthere 😒 
can someone go to the dentist with me tmr :( 
im so scared to lose you to someone else :( 
awwe my . poor baby :'( it hurts to knoe how sad he feels . 
why is it for food 2 recipe cards take fover ? #fml #ihatethis #stupid 
i wish i still had a guy bestfriend . #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i got da tissues no worries 😢 
i so mad ! i spent 5 hours ! ! on a video that was gonna be my moms anniversary present . the computer froze . and it was not saved . :( 
four weeks ago my mom called me to tell me that my cousin USERNAME had went to be with jesus . it still seems so unreal . :( fly high ! 
if USERNAME is in a pageant next year i'm bringing a different date . USERNAME is mean . :( ((( #nottalkinganymore 
USERNAME fml i don't have that channel . 😭 #sadtweet 
i wish i could do something to help my love but all i can do is stay right beside him . te amo byron :( 
USERNAME hurry home my love , i'm watching alone :( #loserloneystatus 
ok straight up what did i do do to deserve this ... :( first exam 71%, second exam 72%, third exam 74% .... you need a 75% to pass :,( 
watching the notebook to remind me i'm single 😭 😭 lol 
time to go home :( ... i had a great weekend tho ! ! (@ new york penn station w/ 40 others) URL 
USERNAME i can't take the garbage juice anymore .. but i think it's the cheesesteak 😥 
i'm never gona b good enough for her . 😔 
i don't think i've ever felt this sick in my life ): 
i get kinda sad when i dont talk to #oomf sometimes . :c 
me and haylee are the only ones here without anyone :( #foreveralone USERNAME 
my pole left me :( (( all i have left is my water bottle 
my back is killing me . can't take anything for it or i'll never get up in time for work :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME oh i know ... & thanks dean for not texting me back :( ( 
dear lord , please bring my mama home & soon . i need her :( love , selena 
i know i'm stupid i deleted it already but thanks for making me feel worse 😣 
USERNAME i never do anything anymore ! i'm soo lame . and plus i'm really sick :( 
i don't deserve this but i know i'm gonna keep going back to you </3 
& now im in my feelings ): may not be a good idea to watch the notebook , but fuck it i love this movie ! 
“USERNAME me when i watch the notebook 😔 URL soml 
USERNAME hide and seek was fun but i kept looseing :'( 
USERNAME it was a nice day outside . one only one we had this week . the weather has been shitty :( 
USERNAME i heard ! ! ! i was at work :( 
USERNAME is cause she has double the followers as me .... #sadtweet 
USERNAME awh ): that makes me sad i really wanna snapchat 😒 
really upset . i wish i had someone to talk to . :( 
i just balled my eyes out to the last song . 😭 
i'm mad because i don't think USERNAME can see my tweets if she's not following me ! :( (((( 
my dad just said i look like an amish girl :( :( #breakingamishhereicome 
s/o to USERNAME for breaking both her legs :( feel better prettyy <3 3;) 
oh my gawd could these period cramps get any worse ? ! 😫 😣 🔫 
i wonder how many times i'm going to cry during this movie ... #getsmeeverytime 😢 
😭 😭 😭 this movies so sadd .. sike i'm at work 😒 🔫💣 
i shouldn't of cheated so much in murrel's class in high school .. #fml 
moment of silence for old people getting drunk rly fast :'( 
USERNAME and thanks for leaving me out of your first tweet 😔 😕 
USERNAME i miss you too chica 😔 when you coming over ? 
USERNAME i feel like i haven't seen you in ages ! :( 
👱🎡👩 ... 👱 ❤ 🏠👩 ... 👱 💔 👩 ... 👱📩x3⃣6⃣5⃣ ... 👩💍👦 ... 👱🚤👩 ... 👱 💋 ☔👩 ... 👩 💔 👦 ... 👴📖👵 ... ❤ . #thenotebook 
rt USERNAME USERNAME :( rt USERNAME will u answer a question nicki ? #reupnov19 
the fact that katherine just told me we needed a self-reflection essay and a notess page . wtf . i thought i was done ! :( 
i wish tweetbot would tell me when i have unread tweets :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i have too work tomorrow . it should be a crime to work on a nation holiday ! :( 
dude this kid is creeping me the fuck out . 😦 #whatthefuck 
watching #onceaupontime love red riding hood . i feel so bad for her :( 
where the fack is my dominoes order bitch its been a whole hour omg im going to throw a tantrum </3 
USERNAME yes i doo ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME those make me want to upchuck 😧 😶 🙊 
USERNAME heyy :( med french van xtra xtra melt the sug . delicious . 
i'm going to be on fucking vacation when 1d are on ellen . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME and so much prettier than you ... that's a bummer you got the short end if the stick shay </3 
USERNAME noo 😭 my birthday is this week though ! 
USERNAME damn you for retweeting a christmas countdown therefore making it appear on my news feed ! ! ! ! > :( 
rt USERNAME rt USERNAME rt USERNAME USERNAME u forgot to say #reupnov19 cuz u dipped :( 
i hate saying goodbye after such a good day with him :( 
USERNAME that's always good ! and yea i never see you either :( 
USERNAME ugh i know the freakin break room smelled like french fries today 😭 
what i've been doing all day . #fml #psychology URL 
having cats is basically like having babies with the amount of puke i clean up & times i wipe their bums . ugh #fml 
lettermans tomorrow ? i think yes (; low is 36 and it will be windy 👍 ❤ 😢 ☔⛅☁🌀🌁❄ URL 
you know ur sick when ... hurts ! 😭 😩😪 😿 😨 😷 
#confessionnight i've always wondered what life would be like if you were still here . </3 
she asked me if she can keep kylie for a week ... a whole week ! ! 😱 💔 
USERNAME 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 👎👎👎👎 😢 😢 😢 😢 👎👎👎👎 😢 😢 😢 😢 . you did it on purpose #meanie 
i want to watch the notebook and course my family's over and i'm stuck watching the game :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME wish i was ... wish i could be ... knows i never will be :( 
i just totally cried right now , this is too much for me to handle :'c </3 
USERNAME USERNAME it sucks cuz i have midnight red following me but not one direction :( 
people that say but they are the ones to actually have boyfriends every few months :( #thestruggle #thisgal #foreveralone 
this just might be the best jam ever made ! reviewed here by sugar loco (awesome cookie recipe too ): URL … 
can't believe my falcons lost ... not undefeated anymore :( 
USERNAME bby i wanna play but my sister is using the xbox to watch a movie with her friends :( 
tears won't stop falling 😭 i'm going to take a hot bath 😔 🛀 
i have legit not gotten out of bed today . 😞 
i want some high waisted shorts but they're so expensive 😭 
just got home . time to do homework now :( 
USERNAME i'm so stressed 😣 i need to snuggle and go somewheres warm ! 
USERNAME ayy jesuu santisimoo voy a llora x :( dioo qe tiempos techi ! 
i miss playing my piano . no , keyboard is not the same thing . 😔 
cramping is equivalent to being in hell 😔 😢 😡 
i wish i could drive 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME what ? ! i've never seen it on ): 
USERNAME kill yourself 😔 look at my tweets til you see it 
the girls dog pooped in my room .. i am going to strangle that little bitch if she doesn't get out of my room ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 👊 😒 😔 😬 💔 
USERNAME aw , that's horrible . i hope you can see the doc soon . :c 
i'm literally lying here watching jersey shore nd wanna cry :'( 
USERNAME haha , thanks kay ! 💕 you're the best . 😘 😥 
USERNAME i wish they would foreal ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i knoow ... ): but i think it'd be worth it . i might ask my parents for an early christmas present heh . #brokesolutions 
USERNAME awe im sorry , now i feel bad 😥 
i'm sad to see all these teen parents' breaking up with each other . i was routing for all of you guys . :( 
i try to answer to your messages but it will not let me :( USERNAME 
i do miss talking to certain people thats not in my life anymore though :( #ohwell 
im hella tired :( weekend aftermath tired me out ! ! ! 
once you're single , nobody wants you . when you're taken , all the hoes wants you . 😞 
p . s . come home .. im all alone :( 
i miss seeing stuff about dani on my timeline . i miss her :( <3 USERNAME USERNAME URL 
:( ( rt USERNAME dead ass tho ! rt USERNAME lmfao ! :/ rt USERNAME so it's just a q . 
im exhausted . i really wish i wasn't closing :-( 
arkansas getting rain . vegas is clear skies . don't wanna go back . :( 
i'm really to scared to find out if i seriously have anxiety tomorrow 😔 😳 😔 😳 😔 😳 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME he will never be puffed again . #sadtweet 
enjoying my last pantsless moments home alone before my mom & the chad get home from their 😔 
damn this stl-sf game is cray . bout to be a tie 😦 
having a glass of wine and watching the notebook ❤ 😭 
cnt wait to clock out nd go home to my child ! ! i was mean to him lastnight cause i was tired ! ! i feel bad nie just thinking bout it ! ! :( 
USERNAME i kno im playin the ot3 playlist wishin u were here </3 
i want to go home and stay this time :( 
i'm not going to watch the notebook . #depressing #foreveralone 
USERNAME p . s . come home .. i'm all alone ... :( 
USERNAME he's just not that into you is on ....... come watch it with me 😔 
USERNAME yeah 😞 actually i have to be at work at 5 so i have to wake up earlier 😢 
how am i supposed to do all this homework if my eye wont stop hurting :( 
USERNAME i forgot my college app is due tmrw & i have to still finish a million things on it :[ ughh 
rt dis if u cry every tim u watch the notebook :'( 
i miss my cat :( she probably hates me .... i left her 
thinking about redoing this mix .. it's not 100% 😠 and the messy parts are in the beginning 😭 
partially moved my room around because i was bored lol ... USERNAME hurry up and come back .... i'm bored :( 
just realized i left my hot cheeto fries at USERNAME 's house :( #enjoyguys 
USERNAME lol and that's cause i didn't even get mine ! :( 
he's just not that into ! ! ! story of my life :( 
USERNAME i can't wait for winter break ! ! ! and no i'm not going to swat 😞 
rt USERNAME rt USERNAME rt USERNAME USERNAME :( rt USERNAME will u answer a question nicki ? #reupnov19 
that awk moment when i come to kearny & have nowhere to go because none of my family lives here anymore ...... #sadday 
my mom is going to the hospital 😢 🏥 #sadtweet 
struggling to keep my eyes open and it's only 8:15 😔 
USERNAME last year this series started out pretty much like how it is now :( #letsgoheat 
the notebook is on . awesome . just what i need . 😫 😭 
yo momma's so fat , people make hurtful jokes about her . :( 
apparently we both have an affinity for red plastic cups . #onlygodcanjudgeus #fml (fatherho @ lakeside park URL 
had an amazing time with my baby today , i miss him already 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME i can't tonight man 😢 😫😩 😥 😞 😔 😒 😣 
USERNAME no problem ! i remember how little u were in hs , i googled you the other day & was like 😦 0_0 
asdfhjok :( rt USERNAME she tweeted , caused a hoe riot , left . 
it is 8:00 and i am about to go to bed .... so freaking tired and worn out 😔 
USERNAME haha , i have a hella amount of hw to do and catchup , dude ! 😩 😢 
USERNAME you are so not following me back ! :'( 
USERNAME aww i'm sorry :( good luck with that ! 
USERNAME your seriously so gorgeous . i'm so jealous 😭 
not even half way back to stout and i have 13% battery left :( #smartphoneprobs 
i didn’t get to see USERNAME this weekend . 😥 😪 
bro they in here talking about granny arrangements & ... bro ... i can't deal 😭 😭 😭 
i think i burned the roof of my mouth :'( 
USERNAME i had my growvember beard going good and i shaved it and regretted it 😔 #keepit lol 
screwed my diet w . alchies on friday & at the buffet saturday :( & the noodle bar sunday #tomorrowsanewday 
stuck in traffic and kick off is in 5 minutes :( #texansgameday #texansnation 
on the day everyone has off , i have a 2 hour rehersal :( 
had such a good weekend in atlanta , now time to study the night away 😔 🔫 
about to have way too much time on my hands #volleyballisover 😥 
USERNAME i kno 😔 no sabes cuanto van a cobrar despues de las 9 ? cuz it's cheaper before 9 
i been so sad al day :( ((( so so sad 
i'm in a weird mood right now . not feeling myself 😔 
USERNAME nahh , cause you woulda been text me :( 
if we don't get cable soon i am probably gonna go crazy ! i have watched the same movies over & over 😣 USERNAME #brokebitches 
“USERNAME i miss my bros USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME dang 😔 
i've learned to never expect to be more than fwb with you because it'll never happen 😒 😔 
USERNAME i know ... wth do you know how depressing this actually is 😔 
like every other girls tweet watching the notebook and knowing i'm gonna cry 😭 😭 #typical 
i miss jackie so much :( no matter how crappy i feel , hearing her voice , or seeing her face always makes me feel better 
USERNAME i know 💜 i was looking at pictures from the old cruises , i feel like i haven't seen you guys all in forever 😔 
USERNAME thanks man , there are a million fish in the sea but not one for me 😥 
why do commercials have to interupt the notebook . 😔 
USERNAME you didn't wanna go to the mall cuz i'd be there #sadtweet 
but i don't want to go home ! :( ((( (@ lubbock preston smith international airport (lbb)) URL 
USERNAME i get worn out real quick & still feel a lot of pain . i have a follow up appt to check its progress . it hasn't burst yet :-( 
texting and driving is bad & i should feel bad . :( 
every time i see jonah's face while he's crying i get so teary eyed and just wanna hug him 😰 😭 😭 
everyones getting a tattoo .. i want onee ! ): 
ugh i am starving ! i guess ima have to actually cook today 😞 
waiting for your boyfriend to get out of work <<< :( hurry up 
i love you ty 😔 this sucks more than anything . 
USERNAME i don't know :( no one answered me :( 
USERNAME can this please happen tomorrow ? ! i've been craving a burger :c 
the notebook makes me hate being single #socute #whycantguysbelikenoah #fml 
USERNAME yeah but only on a warm day .. cause it's a little nippy outside :( #boo #hatewinter 
USERNAME i know :( my arm is swollen from trying to block all those balls . 
USERNAME im on my computer , im not supposed to be . for some reason my mom took my phone and wont give it back :( 
my departure from USERNAME <<<< i'm sad again ! ! ! :( 😔 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME what happened ... i kno i'm nosey 😔 
lets pray to god this next two weeks goes by pretty damn fast .. 💔 
theres always that one person thats always gonna be there&you go back to 😏 😔 
#irememberwhen my dad said 'tum to meri jaan ho beta , tmhare liye me apna sab kuch bhi dedunga' & we were in tears :( 
#confessionnight i have the biggest crush on #oomf , but sadly , he has a girlfriend . :( 
USERNAME the public tweets have come to an end ? :( 
USERNAME aw i'm sorry boo :( have you talked to him lately ? 
ah , i miss what we had ! i want it back ... 😔 💔 
i need to finish my anatomy packet but it's raining and i don't want to go to my car :( 
USERNAME idk , i want to just to visit but im not sure ): 
USERNAME i was like wait is she cooking in a sports bra or something ? haha but yeah i've been there and done that shirtless it's not fun 😔 
my grandma needs to come home , i miss her . we talk about everyone and she always has ice tea and hot fries for me . #sadtweet 
my mom is mad at me because we just got them done . ): 
USERNAME tu la :( da lapar makan je lah ... huhuhu 
poor ruby :( she's my favorite character after emma #onceuponatime 
USERNAME you hate me . ! you didn't want to come when i was cold . :( 
i'm so bored but too sick to do anything 😞 😷 
when conversations with someone you want to talk to end and people you don't want to talk to blow your shit up v.v 
USERNAME USERNAME heat :( whatever ill take 80 n 2 cristina how bout them gators lmao 
always getting left alone at work :( @ shell URL 
USERNAME same ! :( need a relief dayy away from stress 
USERNAME i just got you an app for pump it up :( 
it just hit me ! no more high school football games , sitting in the student section anymore . 😣 😳 😩 
my sister is snoring . loud . and i just wanna punch myself . #fml 
i get tired of always goin 2 my frennz wit my problems i need my big sis 2 tlk 2 wen i really need her da most bt she dnt understand dat :'( 
USERNAME it's cuz i flung your phone onto the ground isn't it 😢 
USERNAME well my highest is 33 or something . :( 
why is everyone watching #thenotebook right now ? ! #jealous . i want to watch . :( 
omg i want wings , anybody wanna pick me up & take me ? :c 
she said i took way too long coming home last night . 😔 🚗 
but then i realize i'd go to jail . 😥 
even worse is when you like someone and don't know how they feel back #awkwardmoments #fml 
that annoying moment when you have to keep removing your headphones cause someone keep talking to you 😣 😒 😒 
watching the notebook with my cat instead of going to see USERNAME tonight 💔 😭 😩 
not wanting to shower cause its too cold , not wanting to get out of the shower also cause its too cold :( #winterproblems #notevenwinteryet 
#confessionnight i think about us all the time but lately my feelings changed :( 
i can't believe i got back from coeur d'alene a month ago today& i alsocan't believe i haven't seen my biff USERNAME in one month&one day :( 
that really depresses me . the west student section is the shit and then some . 😢 
i'm hearing some weird ass shit 😳 😧 #homeonly #lockedinroom #scurred 
lva auditions are in about a month and i'm so scared i wont get in . 😔 
fuck watching all this football . i can't even watch okc 💔 
USERNAME i guess that's just one of those things that will always taunt your mind girly :( 
this isn't fucking fair ! ! ! ! 💀 😭 😫 😣 😔 
i'm so jealous of all these people that get to see pf and atl a few times on each tour . i can't go to anything :( 
USERNAME omfg , what a good night ! gosh , i miss you so freaking much :( 
shit , i would never lay out on the rode ... especially in pueblo #getmyassranover #thenotebook #canonlyfantasias 😔 
so frustrated and need reassurance on many things . 😔 
my own dad didnt say happy birthday to me .. broke my heart giess im not his little girl anymore now that he has another child </3 
i pre-ordered bo2 for some reason , not sure why but i did :( 
USERNAME i know ! i can't even remember the last time i saw you :( 
USERNAME i have no idea ... me and erin went to your work today and you weren't there . i've always wanted to meet you :( 
i never get to see my mom much anymore :( 
USERNAME sii :( ) pero igual bieber tuvo 3 emas ♥ te gusta jelena ? 
finals week this week :( #yuck but i get to see my family friday so excited and thanksgiving is right around the corner ! #turkey and my bday 
how fast my mood could change is ridiculous 😁 😔 
how do you know when a baked potato is fully cooked ? anyone ? ... someone .... ? .... no one .... :( 
luis has so much stuff he's got me :( like he still has it & won't mail it to me i have to wait till i see him . 
i'm already upset about not seeing mayday parade , but watching this movie is making me upset that i'm single . 😭 
i cannot watch undercover bosses without tearing up #heartwarmingshow 😭 ❤ 
my grandparents the only ppl i know that been married 30+ years but ain't been together in like 6 . . 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME awe i miss you too michelle obama 😔 #somuch 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i wish . i'm broke as they come right now :-( 
watching the notebook all by myself ! ! 😢 #lonelyprobs 
i wish people would just randomly tweet me . :( 
crazy busy at work ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 
i just want things to be the way they used to be with you 😔 
i didn't even do anything . it was outta no where :'( 
i need to learn how to just let things go . 😔 
new song --> you ah fuck nigga an ion fuck witcha yts (zay bricks) young3 & duece (fuck niggas ): URL via USERNAME 
USERNAME i can't wait till thursday . i miss you 😔 
USERNAME b ! tch you just killed half of my heart . </3 
USERNAME prob not tom night but i'm def getting it ! in ballin on a budget right now :( 
someone reply to something because i think im in twitter jail . :( icant tell 
USERNAME i know it ssucks . i really wanted to go :( but he wont even text me 
i've already had a sucky day and once noah and allie's love takes them away together i'm gonna bawl 😭 
my belly button hurts like a mother fucker 😥 👎 😡 
in n out was packed in anaheim hills ! 😔 🍔🍟 @ in-n-out burger URL 
USERNAME same here 😔 they should just close school till december 😁 
USERNAME and USERNAME need to smile . i don't like when my family is upset . :( #sister #cousin #loveyou #missyou . 
all my family is moving to the west coast -------> :( 
2012 what an emotional exhausting year . ready for 2013 😞 
USERNAME yeah .... we're gonna be at peacejam slam though :( 
i haven't heard from someone that someone all day 😒 😞 
the aww moment when a veteran thanks you for thanking him on veterans day ... by the way , why isn't that trending ? :( 
where's fares ? i wanted to see her snap :( 
#confessionnight i'm missing school tomorrow to stay with cody an extra day and he's pissing the royal fuck outta me . > :( #bitchytweet 
USERNAME USERNAME yes yes please i miss you girls :( 
ok superior groceries sucks . they didn't have my candy at all 😔 
in the spot all alone 😔 been like this all day bra well back to 2k13 
i just don't know if i want to do it anymore; get close to someone for them to leave again 😔 
i need to study for accounting but i'm so not in the mood for it . 😔 
i just found out way more than i wanted to know .. #thissucks #fml 
staying at my grandparents house <3 i hardly see them :( 
this is why i don't talk to people ...... when im serious they're not :( 
i want a snow day so bad tho 😔 but it's just not going to happen this early 😢 😥 😰 ❄⛄☁ 
uggs , pony tail , roxbury hoody , under armer leggings , & braces ... but it's all fading away 😔 
my dads making me drive the rest the way home 😠 i don't want to drive for 3 freakin hours but you have work tomorrow so i will 😔 take a nap 
i put numbing jell on my tooth and now i can't feel my mouth 😳 😔 
zachary gets embarrassed when i sing to him 😭 #mylifeisover 
USERNAME eek definitely :( good thing i'll be making chicken soup this week ! 
i wanna dance in the middle of the street 😭 #thenotebook 
im free ;) i need something to do someone help :( 
USERNAME lol broke . looks like no go . # :( 
i'm hungry , but to lazy to get up & cook something :( 
want to see my babies ! haven't see them for 2 weeks ! #sadtweet #4moreweeks #mylifehasbeenputonhold 
lets stop tweeting about the notebook please ... i'm sorry 😞 
USERNAME i feel the exact same way buddy :'( </3 
the fact that my dad won't be at any of my basketball games this year . <<< season=ruined . :( 
USERNAME me dices el twitter de priss ? porque yo no veo la foto en su twitter :( 
USERNAME ohh yeah ! lol i had to delete a bunch to download ios 6 :( its neat ! tracks mileage and pace ! i love it ! ! 
my life is over he coming back to stay :( 
saying goodbye to my daughter makes the $534 i spent on my car take a back seat . all the sads :( 
i wanna dance in the middle of the street with my boyfriend 😢 lmfao #thenotebook 
i'll be seeing you , in all those familiar places .. 💔 
something is terribly wrong with my mouth . :-( i can't swallow my pizza without this awful pain . 
no furniture until friday when the new stuff gets delivered :( what am i going going to do ? URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm not in there ): 😨 . 
another reason i hate alabama: flight is delayed over an hour and a half ... i'm probably going to miss class tomorrow . #getmebacktotexas 😥 😫 😡 😭 
i just want you to miss me like i miss you 😔 
USERNAME i'm working black friday for my sister at her store and they have a meeting i have to go to -___- so depressed ! :( #killme 
now i just need a boyfriend to come watch this with me . 😔 URL 
excuse me while i go cry myself to sleep . 😭 
i only go to louisville once a year . #sadtweet 
omg , i'm not about to get out of bed , out of my pajamas , into clothes , & into the coldness . #imapretenfimasleepthough 😭 
i've tried nothing but to get you back . and then people wonder why i'm so cold hearted . 😞 
this is reminding me of every bad relationship i've ever had 😞 😣 😭 
the notebook ♡ makes me realize that i miss someone to be lovey with :( #foreveralone 
the awkward moment when your phone fucks up and makes you seen like a bitch when the text was about someone else #fml 
i hate when truely beautiful girls , inside and out , hate themselves :( 
i feel like my heart is gonna drop out of my butt . 😭 😭 😭 
#confessionnight i have a fear of loosing everyone when i graduate :-( 
USERNAME what about die hard houston texans fans that aren't from houston ? 😔 
damn . this may be the lonliest i have ever been . i literally know nobody here . #depressing 
i'll shut up but wen u log out of twitter i'ma start back tweeting again ! ! :( 
i want a guy to make me a star video :( 
good morning princess USERNAME kangen tau mention nya di bls kayak dulu lagi :( 
waahh i always hate saying bye to my parents when they drop me off sunday night :( #freshiestatus 
finally let go and said good bye . it was hard but finally got rid of all chicos belongings . didn't think i was gonna be affected even now 😔 
it never gets easier , it just gets harder and harder . </3 
football isn't the same when my packers have a bye week ): 
USERNAME exactly , tas parang daddy pa :( ((( but yeah 5 minutes nalang ! ! ! 
watching the notebook with logan .. what a great end to a perfect weekend ❤ i just don't want it to end :( 
USERNAME so , i lied . it's on my left arm ! no more twinsies 😔 but gimmie like three weeks and i'll be startibg that sleeve too . 
why can't i just be skinnyy ! ? ! ? 😔 😔 
this tribute to the soldiers on tv is really heart wrenching 😔 
USERNAME i like wanna cry :( come with me sometime this week ? ! 
lol procrastinating until the night before on a 6 page paper is not a good idea #fml #someonehelp 
why does my hair have to be so fucking dark 😣 want lighter hair #nature #wavy URL 
damn #bob forgot about they white girl ty ? they white girl pea ? lmaoo coolldd ! ! ! ! ): 
USERNAME story of my life living in the middle of nowhere :( 
to the guy sitting outside the linc in the black bentley coup .. can i get to numba ! ? can i have it ? 😧 
me :( watching el repeat de abismo de pasion ): gael sucks at singing ! 
how t'f does she move on so fucking fast > :c 
the fact that i can't get you out of my mind now just shows how pathetic i am 😞 🔫 # 
i wish i didn't do this to myself . #fml 
USERNAME i know ! :( we'll hangout next weekend . 
it's nights like these i wish i had my car to see my best friend :( 
i was talking to my mom and she picks up the phone and calls someone . how rude ! 😧 
i won't have any one this season to cheer me on at my games . my mom can't come to all of them . :( i shouldn't have played this year . 
when your boyfriend tells you he is going to college 3 hours away next year :( <<<<< #dontleave #intears 
. USERNAME blah i'm tryin to see dom kennedy ! ! ! not in boston though :( 
i wass so happy in the morning nd now i feel so sad ! :( 
USERNAME my cold already passed which started 3 days after working lol . got a lingering cough still :( 
work is nasty and i still didn't win any money :( god damn it USERNAME URL 
USERNAME girlfriends could watch it cause god forbid USERNAME would watch it with me :( #gfcuddletime 
ohh wth ! ! my mom doesn't want me to go function with her ! :( #sadlife 
to the guy sitting outside the linc in the black bentley coup .. can i get yo numba ? ! can i have it ? ! 😧 
USERNAME i'm so upset :( i cant believe he left . 
went from smiling to frowning in less than 5 minutes 😥 
USERNAME shout out for being a baller and i see this cutie every day heheheheh(; he bullies me doe </3 haa lovvee you #follow 
it kills me when my sister walks in my room crying and holding a teady bear :( 
dark circles under my eyes ? ? #notcool 👎 😞 ⚫ #ineedsleep 
USERNAME awe boo 😔 we need to drink soon ! 
USERNAME don't worry i know how many awesome girls are there ! i miss it ): 
all of these love movies are bringing out the side of me that had feelings #notokay #sadface 😔 
well the notebook is on , going cry & kill myself now ... #foreveralone 😳 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 
the fact that i can't get you out of my mind now just shows how pathetic i am 😞 🔫 #rewindtime 
i should've just given my project to amee she knows everything about women's rights 😭 
i hate cutting onions , they make my eyes leak so bad 😭 
USERNAME steal my dogs ! ! ! 😢 😢 😢 
my sister already has the new deftones album . so jealous . 😭 it's amazing 
the fucking song stuck in head 😣 these bitch love sosa >>>>>>>>>> 
USERNAME <-- was suppose to help me study but never did :( 
he just called me baby . 😣 i ignored it . 
at that give up or keep goin point , ion wana let go but how he been ackin <<<< i jus dk :-( 
USERNAME chris tried to help me download it last night but it won't let me ): 
why can't my life be like the notebook #depressed haha 
when are we gonna go eat breakfast 😔 😒 😞 😣 USERNAME 
s/o to USERNAME i love you . like alot . you're beautiful & i miss you . :( <3 
#cofessionnight i'm a hopeless romantic like i have all tear brilliant ideas but no girl to do them with 😔 
this has been such long day and i still have so much homework 😔 
all of these love movies are bringing out the side of me that actually has feelings #notokay #sadface 😔 
USERNAME i know :( i'm all grown now & so are you sadly 😭 
USERNAME black coat & tails (if looks could kill ): URL via USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME awesome to bad i'm in ephrata & there's no coffee place by that name :-( 
USERNAME get one and then it be lonely 😞 lol 
friday night = no sleep , saturday night = minimal sleep , monday night = no sleep . meaning i have to get all my sleep in tonight 😞 
if you're a bird i'm a bird 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME yes ! i couldn't believe that last episode 😭 
#tbh i really miss hannah montana on tv .. ): 
now you're just somebody that i used to know 😔 . 
tbh USERNAME hang out with me i miss you :( 
:'( i hate this . i just want to eat . i haven't ate all day . #fml 
USERNAME oh my god . 😣 lolol dany's going to need a blunt after watching that shit 
if you're a bird , i'm a bird . #sosweet 😭 ❤ ❤ 
USERNAME thanks girl :( the boys are getting better but still got a little bug :\ 
i was being so sweet and caring and all i get is a breakup text :'( i did nothing at all ... URL 
these movies make me realize that i'm forever alone 😔 
USERNAME hey ! !😁 you don't talk to me anymore 😢 
come on delano look at my tweet already ! ): 
USERNAME i always have to text you first .... 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME hey .... a girl can dream cant she ? #sheesh #hopoffmadick #sadtweet 
i just want someone to be a bird with me ): 
USERNAME ik it really is :-( my life would be so different if i would have just transferred down there ! 
USERNAME hahah i know i am :( hahah i know i do on my way home to do that lol 
the old man broke his foot throwing football at the engagement party . :( 
USERNAME rough weekend for your teams . my #magic took another l too . :( 
USERNAME haha i know ! we don't even have any 😞 
USERNAME but you're like a total ulzzang <3 33 omg im nowhere near perf ): 
shiit . if i got proposed to , i'd be flaunting that ring ! this story plot is my least favorite . :( #valentinesday 
why can't all guys be like noah ! ? #notebook :( 
USERNAME johnny im sorry :( i miss you more than ever 
USERNAME i kno i jus dnt kno what to do :( 
the one person i just want a hug from isn't here anymore :( i miss my grandma so much 
well .. the notebook truly knows how to make someone depressed 😭 👌✌ 
why do i worry about pointless things .. 😳 😔 😟 😩 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss you guys and i want to come dance with you ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😩😫 
USERNAME yeah i been dreaming & thinking about this person i miss :( 
USERNAME i wrote him like 4 pages a day ! haha . on friday they put on fb to stop sending mail so they get it all before ait :( 
USERNAME & USERNAME remind me of zac efron nd vanessa hudgens , why did they break up ? 😫😫😩😩 😭 😭 😭 
i need to do good on this chem exam or i literally am going to fail the class :( 
your life sucks lmao --> USERNAME i've never smoked a joint or blunt :c i know i'm missing out .” 
when is detox gonna drop .... come on dre . me and USERNAME are dying here 😭 😥 
USERNAME no it's all your fault ! ! 😭 😭 
i refuse to watch the notebook again ... seen it so many times but gets me every time #toosad 😔 😢 😭 😖 
i miss my bestfriend , #sadtweet ! there is that better ? ;) <3 333 USERNAME 
when my best friend is sad .... i'm sad 😢 USERNAME 
USERNAME can we still be friends even though the circumstances ? </3 
so i just heard that USERNAME cheated on me ... :'( 
my phone be going through dry spells , maybe when people text/call i should start answering my phone :-( 
USERNAME you are so lucky , i want an adam :( 
i miss teen wolf and pretty little liars way too much 😔 
when i'm busy that's when people want to chill , but when i'm bored no one hits me up . wtf 😔 😴😴 
USERNAME yes ma'am ! ! it's the same time you guys play though :( 
so i saw beau on habbo and he didnt follow me :( #wanttocry 
USERNAME miss you too ! i didn't see you this weekend ? :( 
i lose 2 followers :( lbvfs fuck whoever unfollowed me bitch ass niggas 
i want a banana 😔 .. do we have any ? no . mamas slacking . 
scanning over my grades throughout high school , it's pretty apparent each exact point in time that my family life and love life tanked . 😢 
everyone is lucky their watching the notebook and i'm over here watching the omen . #fml 
USERNAME wait .. when were we not chicks before dicks ? ? :( #confused 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 grumpa a nasty ass old head yo & his bm like 43 ! 
why does the notebook have to be so amazing ? it breaks my heart ! 😭 💔 
USERNAME my other team lost too ... so sad . now they're 4-6. :-( 
idk what to do ... i think he knows i want him , but idk how he feels .... #damn 😒 😔 😞 
damn yo i'm so in my bag right now :( 
i'm kinda hungry but i ate too much candy and i think i spoiled my appetite 😞 #firstworldproblems 
my back hurts so bad that when i put my jeans on and sit down it hurts even worse . 😔 damn you prolapse ! 
USERNAME no :( i wish i was from england i am from the us . 
USERNAME i am too it's okay . i'm too emotional . 😔 😔 
i have to find something to wear for the interview .. fml :( 
#cofessionnight i've been close to telling #oomf how i felt i've just gotten cold feet in the wake of rejection 😔 
his smile . his lips . his laugh . his hair . his eyes . his hands . his humour . his smirk . his weird faces ..... brandon </3 .... but fuck that nigga 
teddy just destroyed my USERNAME to kill a roach . i hadn't even read it yet #sadday #hateroaches 
USERNAME USERNAME i hope neither one of you are leaving mtv ! ! this sounds like a good bye message like someone quit :( 
USERNAME shut up . i'm alone and vulnerable right now 😭 😭 
USERNAME i know that shit makes me so sad 😭 
bouts pass out on the early tip tonight considering i got 4 hours of sleep lastnight :( 
my dogs are too damn big to be running around my room like this . smh ill sit on my bed & stay out of the way 😦 
USERNAME it's okay haha i must not have been that important in your life .... 😔 
USERNAME tomorrow should be entertaining having to pug a ranged dps :( 
USERNAME 😔 ....... give me an hour i'll be home by then . 
USERNAME USERNAME forget y'all ! ! ! i was grumpy ? ! ? ! sorry guyz :( ! ! ! 
USERNAME i’m not 😔 i’m very nice to you… you stay be playing me and i only say it cause your always dressed up with heels lol 
sweaty palms , knotting stomach , racing pulse .. #whythough #becauseofyou 💔 😔 🙍 
feeling more worse then yesterday my voice comes and goes 😢 idk how i'm going to feel tomorrow don't wanna get anyone sick #sickday 
hznsksoamaoahauzjoasnuz i've never missed someone this much in my life 😩 😥 😥 😥 😥 💔 💔 💔 
went driving around to look for alcohol and finally realized its sunday .. nowhere in kentucky sells alcohol on sundays 😔 😡 
everytime i see USERNAME name on my tl i wanna cry , rip my eye balls , throw them outside & be blind for the rest of my life 😭 
i miss baseball :( (still love the ravens). i don't think watching bull durham is helping me . 
USERNAME i didn't know ! i was so bored ): 
USERNAME when are we hanging out ? ! ! i missa youu 😢 
i'm normally used to this feeling ... not this time . #fml 
USERNAME i know :( i i can't watch youtube vids or nothin cuz katie hates em :( ((((( 
that just made me realize how forever alone i am lmaoo 😞 😔 
USERNAME damn she lost 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 
wuilian keeps rubbing his muscles in my face > :( 
it feels weird being in my apartment by myself now ! 😔 #sadtweet #friendsleft #weekendsover 
they rescheduled my orthopedics appointment for the 19, when i need it now . 😣 
#confessionnight i'm afraid i'll never find and then i'll never have kids . :( 
atleast the crab fries were good ... 💔 #eagles @ lincoln financial field URL 
i'm praying on every star that i pass this french class with a c 🙏 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME lol i know , but its true :( 
USERNAME so heartbreaking 😿 then i watched it like a few years later , promising myself i wouldn't cry . i did . 
my bf's watching the next episode of prison break without me 😞 😒 😡 #itsourshow ! ! #cheaterr 
we have a lot of watching to catch up on tho ... 😔 
USERNAME right ! and my bro is being a jerk and won't take me :( 
USERNAME hahaha im like dang she has a lot siblings 😭 🙌 
USERNAME USERNAME i know :( i miss y'all too ! 
USERNAME i set sounds to 'none' in the prefs , and i’m still getting them in @ replies , retweets , etc . sadness ensues . :( 
my debit card gets de-activated tomorrow ... which means ... no black ops 2 :( how convenient 
jen and i our studying for are dumb test tomorrow but i keep getting distracted like every 5 mins :( 
whenever i ask my dad to watch the walking dead or football with me he says no because he doesn't want 😞 
go t.t o chill with my youth group today . good day guys ! buffalo wild wings and the cowboys game ! 
i always hate sunday and monday nights cause girlfriend is cheering . 😔 i get so very lonely . 
i know i'm gonna wake up tomorrow and there is going to be snow :( haha 
s/o to USERNAME for being reaal pretty ! and never talking to me anymore 😔 
USERNAME i miss ya too , we worked in groups like all week i was like wow she would miss this .. watch tomorrow well be in rows again 😔 
omg this is so sad , i'm like crying my eyes out 😭 😭 😭 😩😩😩😫😫 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 URL 
my mom has this bitchy attitude that gets everyone mad 😔 👊😩 
USERNAME wow , my condolences to you and everybody in the newsroom . he was a wonderful guy . :( 
USERNAME naw 😞 no no no no no ! ! cheer up ! you have a healthy , happy baby boy who turned two . & he loves you most ❤ 
skipping thanksgiving in order to avoid hearing all about the new relationship . called home . heard all about it anyways . #thanksmom #fml 
USERNAME i left my aux cord in your car ! ! ! ! ! :( 
i really do be abandoning twitter sometimes :( im sorry lol 
the last song & the notebook both make me hate my life 😞 #socute 
saying goodbye to her is always the most difficult thing to do ): 
i wish USERNAME could watch the notebook with mee 😔 
USERNAME there are some bad need at the end 😞 
i've been sitting in my car for the past ten minutes because i'm too lazy to walk inside 😔 
he got a flat tire , so i guess i won't be able to see him tonight neither 😢 👬 💔 
so mad i didn't go huntin with carl tonight . went this mornin and didn't get anything . stayed in tonight to do hmk and he got one :( #myluck 
i can't believe it's raining in chicago . this is going to be a slow game :( 
after one hell of a long weekend out , new friends made and working long day ... i'm finally in bed and ready to sleep veterans day away ! 😯 😴😬 😞 
USERNAME lucky 😭 😭 😭 i hate lyfee i don't know what to write 😖 
USERNAME why ? ? ? then you gone leave me ! 😔 
USERNAME we can't be ! we're too old to be married now in that culture ... or native culture . 😔 
hopefully i don't look ugly once my braces are off 😥 
USERNAME omg same here ! those movies are all so sad :( 
i wish USERNAME was home to play sims 3 with me . 👪🏡🚙 #sadtweet 
USERNAME i miss you too taliah :( i hate living here :( . i cant wait to see you for christmas , we will have girls night ! ! #excited ! 
i'm stomach hurts soo bad . 😣 taking a shower then going straight to bed . 
when USERNAME leaves for school and doesnt say bye :( 
, omgosh lennie : ' ( poor baby lls im reading of mice and men curley just attack lennie everybody know he a big oversized teddy bear </3 
USERNAME i can imagine :( i know it's tough but you will eventually be ok . one more week and ill be there 😁 midtown ? ? 
i love the notebook but it just gets my hopes up when it comes to guys 😔 
USERNAME i know 😢 😭 😭 😪 where you been at 
trying to finish this stupid speech but i keep getting distracted with snap chat ... #fml #nevergonnafinish 
#confessionnight i've never watched the notebook all of the way through 😳 😧 
USERNAME i just feel like you're so much younger than me , even though it's like a year . i just wanna be your friend . ): 
it would have felt like a million little shining stars had just aligned .. & i would've been soo happy .. 😔 🎶 #lyrictweet 
omg this shit is frustrating me ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME lmfao i love all the rugrats movies lmao they all got me like 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME we were tied in ot then it ended in a tie . :( it was a good game at the end . 
USERNAME i can't 😞 . i have to do this paper . 
USERNAME food seeing you too ! sorry i didn't say goodbye but i couldn't find you when we were leaving 😔 
i love being home , but getting homework done here is literally impossible 😞 
#confessionnight i miss my best friend USERNAME more than he knows :( 
awe , my step baby brother got me a hot chocolate after practice and is keeping me company because i'm not feeling good 😔 ❤ 
:( (( i didn't get my mashed potatoes ;(( kfc sucks ! 
my stomach hurts soo bad . 😣 fixing to shower then go straight to bed . 
i was looking forward to going to that show tonight but now i don't really feel like doing anything at all . :-( 
why is this just hitting me now ? .. #whathaveidone #doesntseemreal 😣 
USERNAME that's just wrong ! ! ! ! trying to hurt you at no cost ! ! ! must be jealous ? ? ? ? ? just crazy wrong ! ! ! ! :( 
my boyfriend is like my pet bird .... i don't have a pet bird 🐥 😢 👎🙇 #foreveralone 
wish i was watching the #bcs countdown gahh not liking the fact that we won't be number 1 anymore 😭 
apparently i'm the only girl not watching the notebook 😢 #sadtweet #favoritemovie 
i feel like my heart is about to come out if my chest 😔 
USERNAME dang ! no i have practice at 8 ! :( 
USERNAME lmaoo ! son i was convinced i could've fucked you up buht chu got it boii 😔 😭 
hmph going back to work . :( ima be checking the score idc if they get mad . 
USERNAME aww i miss you guys too ! ! ! 😢 can't wait to see you when i come home ! 
niggas bout to make me mad about this loss all over again cann i livve leave me alone 😭 😭 😭 😭 😩😩😩😩 
i deadass can't even think about my old house without getting depressed 😩😩 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 
my poor rav baby is broken :( shredded the power steering belt this evening . hope i can get her fixed by thursday so i can head home ! 
in so much pain ... about to cut my arm off ... 😿 
i kinda wanna go see rick ross tonight but damn i don't feel like getting ready & i none of my girls are here to go with me 😥 
one week from tomorrow will be one year that papa left us </3 
i hate this part if the movie makes me feel so sad for noah ): f allies parents ! #richasses ! 
y do grown people still put frames around they pics lol 😭 
iguess USERNAME ain't talkin to me today 😭 😢 😓 😩😫 💔 💔 
USERNAME hahaha it gets soo hot though ! ! :( 
mothers blood all over you 💔 she loves you matthew & right now shes making sure you stay safe ❤ we know you miss her but one day you'll meet 
USERNAME you never talk to anymore ! ! ! ): #imissyou #comeseeme 
USERNAME thank you elaina <3 3 i jus cant believe it im sick of all my loved ones dying :'( 
USERNAME because you never texted me back ? ! :( 
not a good night for miami . that was an insane game . 😔 
is so ready for bed ... it's not even 9pm 😞 sheesh i'm getting old 
lets just say i chose a 20 over an 80 😔 💔 #great 
its like my daughters cough will never go away 😕 😔 
i still wish lories baby would've been a zombie .... :( 
i wish i saw USERNAME today , why did i have to leave so early :( 
USERNAME it's most days though . haha . today just in particular lol . 😔 
let me tell y'all bout my bestfriend ! she doesn't like me anymore 😔 😡 😤 😥 😕 
#slovenia presidential election: pahor (40%) and turk (35.84%). read (in slovene ): URL #predsednik2012 #volitve2012 
only i would step on glass . now i have to take all this glass out my damn foot . #thepain #ouch #fml 
only if we woulda got to pick devin hester :( 
first time watching the notebook , cried my eyes out no big deal . 😭 
i'm just a bitch sometimes , i can't help it 😔 
USERNAME ya 3mrii ma3laih 7obii ani b3d 3ndee exam bkra o mdree adrs wshoo wela wshoo :( o am stuck with it for the rest of my life 
USERNAME dont call me little :( you have like half an inch on me . vball made u tall 
USERNAME i haven't seen you in 36829262818 years , i miss you , i miss how close we used to be , i miss our friendship i miss you morgan 😭 😭 
): i don't like this feeling , its the worst ever ! 
i bought this book last night and i'm almost done 😔 👎 i don't want it to be over it's soo good ! #nerdygirlprobs #dontcare 
huh ? yall dont even care about me ! ! > :( USERNAME rt USERNAME USERNAME where you been at tho 
lol .. ikr ... smh rt USERNAME i'm sorry 😢 😢 
my fingers always get so cold when i do my nails ! 😣 
my cousin gone :( , im lonely . lol bout to call somebody since #oomf aint fcking wit me ig 
USERNAME send me the pic of me that you put on insta that you deleted 😭 
feelin' like death . #congestion #sinuspressure #fml and tomorrow is monday :( 
USERNAME i can't see the emoji thingy they stole my ipod :c lol 
USERNAME is a mf stranger dawg ! she used to be my pillow talker :( 
jake doesn't care about my feelings towards this movie 😢 
back when you only wanted to play with me :'( URL 
wheeress myy michael khors bracelete ! ! ! ! :( (((( omg noo 
USERNAME f u :( i want to go somewhere :( ( 
time to get serious about some paper writing . no USERNAME or #homeland for me tonight :( 
USERNAME lmfaoo , oh wow . smh , its sad that you don't trust me bruuhh ! we spose to be family :'( 
USERNAME me and USERNAME miss you ! i wore your hoodie because i wish you were here :( URL 
i swear getting a response from my beloved sis USERNAME is like trying to cross washington rd . at 5pm 😥 😥 😓 😓 😥 😥 😓 😓 😥 😥 
if any of you people want to bring me starbucks to aplus i'll be here sitting in the rain until 8 😔 
we always have a bad habit of ordering too much food :( 
i can't stop watching wilfred idk if its the talking dog or the fact that he has some sort of british accent 🐶 😧 
i have a fever but i'm freezing my ass off 😭 
watching a christmas movie on hallmark channel wait what it's to early for this 😣 
i may have spent $200 on idk what in a week ... s . f is so expensive 😔 😁 
USERNAME i see how that go i didn't finish the lab :( 
USERNAME USERNAME sorry guys i was at work :( ahh another time ! ! 
she's mad because i didn't come see her today :( 
as much as i want to watch the notebook .. i refuse to be sad tonight . 😔 
USERNAME aww why not ? i made them and eric took them home :-( 
i hate when i forget to press the start button on the dryer :( #ahman #stupid 
USERNAME same thing with me and peppermint chocolate chip milkshakes from chic fila 😭 😫 
i think i'm too single for the notebook . #depressing 
USERNAME USERNAME because you have lorance ! i'm forever alone 😔 
please solve it i'm student and i always use the internet :( 
i have to wait until the 13th to get take me home ! 😭 😭 😭 
i have freckles . do you hate me ? 😭 
pto plans for christmas shopping tomorrow thwarted by kid with laryngitis :( 
i called my twin and she didn't call back :( 
USERNAME has finally figured out why i am who i am . it's quite sad actually 😔 
USERNAME love you too and i got some stuff to do for school friday :( 
USERNAME yikes , as a parent i wouldn't recommend that :( 
i don't like this feeling . not at all . </3 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME everyone is leaving for thanksgiving :( ( 
USERNAME no i doubt she even likes me . 😔 
i wish my house had a fire place 😔 my old one did . 
watched t-dog go out like a champ ... again . #saddestmomentever 😢 
i wish i could have a relationship like in the notebook 😢 #foreveralone 
USERNAME omgg ! where is baby momma bianca at ? :( i miss you bibi ! ♡ 
going to watch this bears game , finish washing , & finish my homework #fml 
i don't like when USERNAME doesn't work by me 😐 😔 👎 
all my weed at da crib can't wait to go home 😞 
there were so many tweet-able things in that flight .. too bad i can't remember half of them . #sadday #southwest 
biggest phobia: pulling teeth or having mouth surgery . getting wisdom teeth pulled and an extra one tuesday #fml 
#confessionnight we may just be friends , but i miss hanging out with you ! ! 😔 
am i the only person that goes to hiawassee that didn't go to the joe tonight ? :( 
got excited cause my phone said i had 5 messages but they were all just twitter notifications 😔 
USERNAME why you talking about me ? lol that's how i feel anyway :-( 
someone should text me , i nevet havr anyone to text :( 
looking forward to having some beach time in florida next week but i don't wanna leavee :( ( #itllgofast #fingerscrossed 
USERNAME ya everyone's mean , i'm ready to have my own place . grr 😔 
shit , i know some females that participate in . 😣 
i hate when my dads mad at me 😔 😢 
i actually miss the days when mcnabb was the qb and westbrook was the rb 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME watching once upon a time just isn't the same anymore :( 
any of my friends up for having a sleepover at my empty scary house since USERNAME isnt coming back to bg til tomorrow :( 
USERNAME damn are they turnin on the alarm ? :( 
seriously . sprite and spaghetti is what i need :( 
this is just becoming too much for me . please come back ... i'm begging you . :( 
i lost my mk bracelete :( ... smh i'm sadd ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME ohmygosh , i know . we'll just have a super hug sesh on tuesday ! #leeannwithdrawals :( 
it never fails i always cry like a baby at the end of the last song 😭 😭 😭 
why do i find you so attractive ? 😔 😒 
delayed flight 😞 trying to get back home on time ... #denverbound #snf bears vs texans @ frontier ops URL 
someone text me , i never have anyone to text :( 
USERNAME dude , i wish . my fiend & i were talking about goals of my 30's & #2 was to move away . chicago sounds perfect . but expensive 😣 
USERNAME in yo mouth ! lol , but naw ! my head hurt & im losing my voice .. :( lol 
#confessionnight think i'm gonna cry tonight , i feel crazy for missing ah dog like this but i do :-( 
don't want to go to kzoo tomorrow :-( but i have to go apparently #notfair 
USERNAME ayan kakaantay ko inabot na ng isang taon hahaha :( di ko pala nakwento ! sorry babe :* 
guys i lost my funny with the last cigarette i had like four days ago lol :( 
she sleeps over and leaves me with my crazy family :( 
i don't want to call it a night this early but ..... there's nothing more expected of tonight 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME and i just wanna say hi . point blank :( 
USERNAME wasn't there long enough to meet u . :( 
i think my heart just sank a little bit . :( 
USERNAME idcc they don't like me . and her boys over .... 😔 
i want a boyfriend to watch the notebook with 😩 💔 
USERNAME seriously ! ! ! i've been in bed all day 😔 
USERNAME i know ! 😭 it just came on though ! ! 
i would sell my soul to never get sick again 😢 
hahaha jk i love the notebook it makes me cry like a baby 😭 
USERNAME is true jb and sel broke up ? ? :( 
i seriously feel like i am a half a min from working myself up so much i might puke ! #stressedndepressed 😁 😭 😷 
my dads mad so i decided to leave . 😒 😞 
jk , i would honestly love to have a relationship like that with a girl . :( 
yes ! it ended in a tie ! last one was in 2008 i believe . 🏈 😞 
trying to do my homework but my mind is everywhere else 😔 
i really hate the incomplete feeling that i have right now . 😔 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( let's hang out next weekend ! 
USERNAME i've already seen it ! i didn't cry last time 😔 
USERNAME i'm still alive but barely kicking :-( life sucks sometimes but what ya gonna do how have you been pretty lady ? 
lol when i be crying i be like this 😢 😩 😖 😫 😭 😩😫😩😫 😭 😭 😭 
cnt believe my acey birthday 2ma -&& we not together :( 
USERNAME let's be honest , the only reason football matters right now is because the real sport is locked out #nhl #depressed 
i had one pair of polo boxers , i flipped my closet looking for them , they're fucking gone . i really liked them too #sadtweet 
i miss the south so much 😔 i can't wait till i move down there when i get older ' 
i haven't hungout with my bestfriends in forever ! i miss you guys USERNAME USERNAME 😔 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME wah can it be friday night again so i can be cuddled with y'all again' 😭 😭 😭 
she's more in love with her phone than me . okay 😱 😭 😪 
i have other accounts on my phone and when they get a message , i think i got one and i get excited then i notice it's not for me . 😔 
USERNAME hahaha i dont have many ): & the korea grocery store is too far from me )) ): 
ugh bring in the waterworks , the last song had me boohooing now watching the notebook ! ! #emotionalwreck 😢 
USERNAME i cant see emojis anymore :( team android . 
USERNAME USERNAME i forgot it was today and didn't go . :( 
my poor kitty . ): he has a lump on his chest . 
*for now 😔 fuck you iphone you know what i meant 😠 😑 
USERNAME my phone has seriously been tripping on acid like all day i've texted like no one today :( 
hotel california do eagles tem o som da minha infância :( 
maybe some ice cream would help so i can pour my face in it #sadtweet 
actually , i really haven't been doing okay , but i'm so glad you care 😘 #ohwait #youdont 😔 
USERNAME not bloody likely . : :c oughs and 4 skittles shoot out of his ass:: jokes on you . i put those there earlier . :o 
why do we cry over someone we love ? this feeling hurts bad . :( 
USERNAME i don't mind him , he's a good goalie for us but i have been really impressed by jake so far , im gonna miss the next game :( 
USERNAME sorry .. i'll take a new one with a paper bag over my face . :( 
i just need some drinks and venting time with my best friend ): USERNAME 
USERNAME so sorry to hear of your loss . :-( 
USERNAME i saw the tweets . my b babylove . from one scrag to another i'm near death also this raggedy cold is not okay 😔 😫 😥 😕 
thanks for dinner mom , miss that sometimes ... visiting with niece and nephew than back to la 😔 
USERNAME stop bringing it up that icarly and victorious is ending . it makes me tear up again and again :{ / 
fuck i forgot to put gas in my car earlier . 😑 😔 
spent the last 2$ i had on an energy drink when i got to work and somebody threw it away 3/4 full . :'( 
the pain in my shoulder right now is bringing tears to my eyes #inpain #ouch 😭 😖 
USERNAME all i did was move across the room from you ! ): i'm sorry ! ! 
please say it isn't so ? ! ? ! 😱 😱 😱 💔 💔 
delano is my freaking bestfriend , omg i can't stand how long we haven't hung out like forreal ): 
USERNAME you never followed me ................ :( #aske3 </3 </3 </3 
wouldn't it be nice to be invited to a party 😔 #hatehighschool 
USERNAME i wanted to go to that ! ! ! ! 😔 
USERNAME because they are expensive and don't get good gas mileage :( 
USERNAME yeah i guess so . 😁 getting my phone taken away isn't going to help me at all . so i can't talk to anyone anyways . 😔 
USERNAME prob not for awhile ! 😳 😁 😞 and i knoww ! 😢 
forever neglected .. he never wants to take pictures with me :( URL 
estar sentado pensando" como putas le vamos a dar la vuelta a esta liga :'( 
USERNAME i can't have fun there is a monster in my restroom :( and he scares me :( hahah i would hope i don't forget to lol 
USERNAME it was good to see you today girl ! i miss seeing you 😢 
USERNAME damn dude hella gay :( what if nothing happens ! 
2 of my family members are in the hospital . both from car accident , and its bad :( 
i haven't seen my daddy in over a week :( #misshim 💔 
i love it when my british friends visit me at work .. i don't want them to leave on the 22nd :'( 
my legs and feet are swollen ! ! 😔 😩😫 
giants lost , jets lost ... and im feeling sick @ work ? ? life blows ... #sundayfootball #fml 
i don't understand why USERNAME thinks i'm an alcoholic :( 
where's b why isn't she watching the notebook with me 😢 
seeing the bcs standing and alabama not being #1 😭 😰 😥 😨 
i always forget that USERNAME can't see emojis ! ! ! > :( #thisonesforyou 
USERNAME USERNAME idk if shes talking about josh or jordan ? ? ? ? :( 
i wish as at the church watching the game :c USERNAME 
USERNAME i remember when you used to love me ... 😢 😖 
USERNAME omg i'm so sorry :( i thought you were someone else ! ! you have the same that's why . haha 
check out USERNAME amazing new single for right here (via amazon ): URL #indiesoul 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( chris is sad too . are you going to watch tho ? 
USERNAME ⇦ thugg s b . ! wee barely speak at skoo . ioon knoo whaat happened ! :( 
USERNAME telephonoo ti nawo :( . inshallah dm when your bit busy an im call you from telephonoo ya num'banii 
i wish i was watching the notebook with USERNAME 😕 😔 
can't believe my grandma died :( shit cuts deep , especially since i'm not home 
USERNAME i cant i tired ): it hurts too much i told him he had to do it since he broke up with me 
i just wanna go to nyc . USERNAME USERNAME 😭 
all of the nicholas sparks books/movies make me cry 😥 
i had like 5 or 6 pints 2day my beer belli is going 2 pop :-( 
it's raining .. it's pouring .. it's leaking in my house :-( ( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i . know . he was awesome ! :( 
USERNAME lol you be bullying me and u dont even talk to me :( 
USERNAME i think i passed you taking monkey out for a walk today (he grunts loud when walking ! ) sry didn't say hi , was in a rush ! :( 
USERNAME i really hope so dude . were going down in like ten days though . pretty stoked about that . no holidayz with fam though :( 
#confessionnight i'm in love with someone , & he doesn't even know . 💔 😕 
this will be my first time coming home where stanley will not be greeting me at the gate :( #willbeweird 
i pay more attention to the things i want 😔 
if you're a bird i'm a bird . 🐤 😭 USERNAME 
i don't get to watch the walking dead tonight :/ i have to record it and watch it later . i'm gonna have withdrawals :( 
USERNAME can you hurry up and come visit us already at work ! ! ! everyone is rude that we have has come in :( 
USERNAME im finishing up a show on demand ! how much have i missed :( 
why is it so confusing for taco bell to just give me a bean and cheese quesadilla 😭 
lol ! he left me again :( goodnight , its not fair sha ! 
me and USERNAME have issues with love . 😭 😭 
USERNAME a cold :( ven a apachacharme <3 jajajaja jouk medas asco (broma tekueme) 
USERNAME 😢 😭 i still have all the notes you made me in 7th grade . 😭 😭 😭 
, this book bout to make me cry lls </3 awwie lennie's big teddy bear self 
i'm extremely disappointed in you .. ! ! you were my best friend and now we don't even talk .. smh . 😢 
so sad to be going back to washington after such this weekend ! :( gonna miss you USERNAME @ santa monica pi URL 
why is this the one time no one is coming in/out of mcconaughy 😭 
i just need that one person in my life that can make me feel special . 😔 😞 😭 😢 😥 😰 😩 😟 😕 
“USERNAME everyone knows wassup when USERNAME brings this box around . URL lmfao 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME lol i can't deal , i cry in the happy parts 😔 
it's impossible to watch the notebook and not at least tear up 😢 
USERNAME what did your sheets ever do to you ? they don't deserve to be hit . :( 
USERNAME i literally thought i walked in and was petting your dog for a second , then went to bed lmaoo :( 
don't want to go home :( at least i'm coming back this weekend to celebrate with my sister ! 
that just makes me think about everything i don't wanna think aboutt . 😞 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME it's dark in here . nobody will see 😭 i can't spot you anymore . we're gna show anth what he's missing 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( i should've came to visit and stayed with you ! ! but i'm okay just begging my dad for tswizzle tickets , the usual 
night time isn't a good time for me :-( ! 
me neither :( or titanic . or love and basketball . rt USERNAME i have never watched the notebook . #dontjudgeme 
USERNAME USERNAME i missed getting to watch ig wifh you guys too ! :( 
why am i barely hearing about ed sheeran's song ? ? ~be like you~ i feel like ....... stupid . :( USERNAME #nowplaying 
USERNAME what are we even supposed to do ? ! i'm so confused 😣 😣 
i took a shower and now i'm feeling fresh as fuck with nowhere to go :( 
i'm so confused ! ! ! ! #whatdoido ? 😞 
#confessionnight he always lets me down .. no doubt , getting up for a let down . 😔 
but USERNAME i can't watch it on the 23rd :( 
ryan gosling is trying to have sex with you and you won't just shut up . 😭 #thenotebook 
i've been having so much bad luck lately ... wtf i thought it was supposed to come in 3's ? what did i do to get such #badkarma ? ? ? ! 😢 
if only i had the relationship that noah and allie have in the notebook 😔 #toobadforme 
what happen to my iphone usb thing 😒 😒 😔 URL 
please dont judge me </3 - #neyo @ william mosgrove tower URL 
just dyed my mommy's hair , hope it comes out good 😥 💁 
it would be nice if jason texted me back . 😞 
guys i think i need another intervention ! 😣 USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME idk how you guys made it but that's always been my biggest dream . and i haven't been able to do anything with it ... 😢 
i miss you more and more with each day ): but soon those days will be over USERNAME 
i can't believe i'm saying this , but i almost hate you . and that should never happen . 😟 😥 
USERNAME fuck you bitch . 😖 😖 😖 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i hate this part .... they break my heart just watching them fight 😣 💔 #noahandally 
USERNAME my mom made me :'( i miss you hildaa 
USERNAME USERNAME bc i wouldnt think mo was an abbreviation for montgomery butt muncherss ! ! 😔 
8 minute spanish presentation the monday after a canning weekend . #fml #professorsareassholes 
USERNAME USERNAME i started skipping on the best part ... 😢 
USERNAME wait a sec you changed your name :( ) 
USERNAME USERNAME i was worried that the storm would hit you two the hardest :-( 
USERNAME everytime i go in there weird shit happenes lol :( hahah ill try my best 
i know the long awaited firefly documentary is on tonight . but no cable :( 
i can't believe i lost my lens to my glass i can't see in da dark ugh :( 
USERNAME if i wasn't so swamped with school crap i'd be there with you ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME both are better than 40+ shots on goal with 0 going in :( 
ahh ! slivers are painful ! :( how does one remove them anyway ? :s 
lmfao seriously though , that shits sad as fuck :( 
USERNAME USERNAME no i can't . :( i have to leave for florida saturday morning . :'( 
“USERNAME rt USERNAME updated cbssports top 25 (and one ): URL that game today should not impact sdsu . not right . 
the fact that i can't watch #thewalkingdead because im not caught up 😔 >>>> 
USERNAME USERNAME cher , now i must admit i miss you . election is over so now you forget about is :( xx me 
applying for publix tuesday ! i totally hope i get this job ! 😞 
USERNAME i'm not home . 😔 i love you hannah . keep your head up high for me 💜 💜 💜 💜 i'll see you in less than 11 hours ! 
i don't even care anymore i just want chinese food 😭 😭 
USERNAME that's not racis t.t hat doesn't even make sense . obama is not the greatest guy . i'm sure you gpas just worried for your sake ! 
USERNAME wahh ! i'll have to double check , haha i'm just now uploading them , its been so long 😳 but i miss you like crazy :( 
it would be super awesome if the side effects of my period actually ended when my period ended , rather than lasting a week after its done :( 
USERNAME i guess i can't be a cat now :( 
time to get gas in the pouring cold rain ! #fml 
pretty sure i threw my book away that i need for history 😒 😢 
i was so warm with baby's sweater but he just left and i'm cold again ): lol USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME tyler you just ruined a great conversation about lucky charms and the notebook asshole . :( 
#confessionnight i'm afraid i'll never be someone's everything . 💔 
when she won't answer my calls or texts :( :( :( :( :( 
soo sleepy . i shouldve taken the night off dammit 😣 
USERNAME me too :( i missed you , hopefully soon . ! 
please move back . please i'm begging . 😥 😒 
the notebook gets me every time .. 😢 💦 💚 💔 #hopelessromantic 
USERNAME where did you guys get those leos from in your twitpic ? ! i'm so jealous :( 
USERNAME USERNAME ugh you always being mean to somebody 😞 
yes charming ! #charmattack 💛 💙 💜 💚 💚 ❤ 💔 💗💓💕💖💞💘 
feel like my hearts just been broken all over again 💔 
USERNAME put an end to my win streak .. #sadtweet 
keep saying #oomf hates me 😖 😖 😖 😩😩 😥 😥 😥 
i'm constantly having butterflies during this movie ! whyy does it have to be so perfect . 😔 😭 
USERNAME i know same here :( but i dont wanna change the channel ! 
USERNAME the first time i watched this was with you and we cried and cried 😭 hahah 
USERNAME omgg its gonna suck to shower ! ! ): fml 
alex is lucky he's at picoboys ! i haven't been there in forever . 😓 💔 ⚾ 
i will actually cry if spongebob gets cancelled or when it's over for good and there's never any new episodes . wah :( 
USERNAME that would be a lot of fun :( #missyoutoo 
i just wish i could be in ny with my poppy tim right now . 😔 😔 
USERNAME :( i heard your chow was great too . 
#confessionnight i don't love everything about myself ! i hate my smile , my body , and my hair 😔 
USERNAME ill just cry it off 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💗 😘 💗 😘 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i have wrestling on tuesday :( 
i can feel my heart full with hate , i'm so tired of loving #explainssomuch 💔 🎶 
USERNAME i guess :( just still can't believe it . 
only thing is no football game this week :( well can't be mad about an extra week to get ready 
wow ! i'm in tears . looks like this girl will not be seeing her family for thanksgiving :( 
USERNAME thanks ! i went to ur mom's on friday but u weren't there . i wanted to meet the baby :( 
USERNAME i voted ! so why won't you follow me ! ! 💔 😭 😪 
i just realized how much i miss you 😭 💔 
ugh i hate not being able to see clearly :( 
USERNAME i'm here baby ! ! ! ! :-( sad about the vip but still love you . 
when i do text you you quit texting me .. 😞 like you don't want to talk .. 
rt USERNAME justin and selena broke up ? noobody cares . // i do :( 
what i would do to give my cat a cuddle and kiss again :-( 
USERNAME :( i'm sure you'll look gorgeous as always ! 
miss you USERNAME 😔 see you in a week ! 
USERNAME im trying 😔 i will . cutting it all off ): 
seriously , nothing ruins my life more than having USERNAME tell me all things that can go wrong during birth 😕 😟 😧 😭 😫 
it's so hot but the sun burns like hell ! ! ! dead boys shouldn't be exposed to sun light . :( 
USERNAME ha he'll no . if i have a chance to watch it i'm not waiting . absolutely not . i was just crying .. it's so bad :( i don't even 
stupid cancer :/ / i hate that it runs in my family ! & i hate seeing my family like this 💔 
i wanna a dream light ! ! ! ! 😔 
my real blood brother on my dad side moving to chicago . wtf :( 
i miss my baby girl ... my red bone ... i'm about to cry in study hall ): #myolgirl 
at the end of the year when friends promise to not change and the first thing they do is change ): 
i'm ready to cry my eyes out because the notebook is on and it's special edition which means bonus scenes . omg ! 😭 😭 😭 
i need to get rid of this huge pimple on my forehead it's like a planet 😭 
i'm so sleep deprived but i can't fall asleep 😔 
USERNAME i don't know but it needs too be soon ! i miss my ashleyy :( 
my finger is still so swollen and i can't move it ): thanks for breaking it fat tony ): 
i'm such a baby leaving dominos crying . i'm gunna miss my team 💔 😥 
have ant bites all over my back thigh :( looks like no shorts for me 
my phone is just collecting dust :( i am still upset with my dad ! 
USERNAME USERNAME was that a subtweet to me ? smelly melly :( 
life is a open book ... we all have different endings 😔 😔 😔 😔 
thank god for epidural cus them damn contractions was no joke ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😱 😥 😓 😳 😣 😢 😲 now i'm super relaxed waitin fa baby ta b ready ! ! 
but they didn't lose ! rt USERNAME i'm so sad my #49ers didn't win :'( 
is probably the coolest school i've heard shouted out . i wasn't accepted 😔 
USERNAME 😢 😢 😢 😢 i don't wanna get old n wrinkled 
my daughter is away till tomorrow night 😔 no cuddles . missing her something tough right now 
i had a dream that i had a goat .. i awoke to find it wasn't true ): 🐐 
every time i try and read my book my cat feels the need to rub her ass in my face . #attentionwhore 😾 😒 
ready for walking dead but i still miss t-dog :( 
i just keep finding all the sad movies today :( 
oh my god i am missing my fiance like crazy :( USERNAME 
USERNAME 😞 noo hahahaha i really want to ! ! ! ! 
tonight my prayers go out to ty's little sister julianna . i hope shes okay tonight&everything turns out to be okay . 😔 💜 💜 💜 💜 💜 💜 
i haven't seen julie since the day before i left to tennessee . :( #sadtweet 
weird how we both just basically tweeted the same thing .. but i really don't know USERNAME i never knew i wasn't following you 😣 
no no no no no USERNAME flip their van ! that's so bogus i wont be able to see them in chicago ): #fuck 
but i just got home from work i don't wanna go back 😫 😭 😱 
guess it's gonna be another night without talking to him . 😔 😞 😢 😕 😟 👎 
i missed USERNAME today and she dont believe me </3 ... aint this sum shit lol 
my mom always does the dishes in front of me so i can feel bad for not doing them . :c 
dear anyone . i want to go to the game on thursday . can someone please come with 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i missed going to the gym this morning :( .. that's 4 years in a row .. 
USERNAME lol i just did too i was like :( 
had a good night with USERNAME and USERNAME & alan ! back to being a responsible adult tomorrow . 😞 
USERNAME i'm gonna come kick their ass for you ! they're terrible & you aren't . you're beautiful abi , don't listen to them :( 
almost laid on this . that would've hurt bad 😣 URL 
USERNAME okay ! ! when are yah studying till ? ? cause the walking dead is on until 10 ! ! ! :( lol 
USERNAME i was boutta text you and say i'm coming over with buffalo chicken dip but fml . 😭 
i guess it's a nicholas sparks kind of night #lastsong #notebook 👌💏 😭 🎬 
please pray for my boyfriend , he's in the hospital with a serious case of nonexistence . :( 
"USERNAME :( i wish i could . cum n cry n ur arms 
the fact that she don't wanna pick me up from work hurts<<<<< hated i even had to ask 😢 😥 😕 
USERNAME can you just text me ? ! 😣 😱 😁 
woo ! this is awesome , not . #beingsadsucks ! #depression 
can't go to the basketball game anymore :( thank god for the pac-12 networks 
someone make USERNAME work on his strength ... i now know not to let him carry me #ouch #butthurt 😔 😚 
can the guys in my grade please be more like noah ? 😭 
my heart has been smashed into a million little pieces . </3 
i want that alexis & sam relationship 😔 ...... but she's idek man 
USERNAME she asked nicely 😔 then she became a bitch all over again 
USERNAME lol ! ! ! ! ! court told me i'm not normal cuz i'm 17 and haven't been in a serious relationship . #fml #foreveralone 
i wish i had a relationship like noah and ali's </3 #canonlydream 
this part makes me so sad ... 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME & im mad cause you lied to me once again brother :( 
why do i look stuff up online . omg 😢 😰 😫 
i want to watch to watch the notebook like now ! but i'm not home ): 
came back to school more confused then when i left . that's the shit i don't like 😔 
my life is starting to really suck right now :( idk what i did to deserve this </3 
USERNAME hahaha eenie meenie miney mo those . taxes are :( i'm like i know we're trying to help the hole were in but it's not equal to me ! 
i'm flippin' cold and all this time i've been wondering why . and i just noticed i'm walking around shirtless 😞 😮 😵 
i wish i could get massaged all dayy . 😿 
USERNAME no way ! well i was planning on watching it but my tv is being extremely dumb ... so it might not happen . :'( 
i have submitted so many pictures to #thechive . i hope atleast one gets on :( #kcco 
USERNAME yesyes ! thursday and friday but i work friday 11-4 -.- so no black friday for me :( (((( 
i just want to be in your arms right now :( #ifonlyyoufeltthesame 
#confessionnight i am very insecure & trust nobody because of you 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME wish i could be apart of this :( 
i really miss you and you can't even text back 💔 
i'm over my hair . i want a new hair style . but i'm scared . :( 
he basically just called me a self centered bitch when i'm not :'( 
USERNAME what if i wasn't trying to be funny 😔 😳 
i really don't know if this is gonna work out ... #depressed 
USERNAME i think i am too ! lmao , bunnies suck . 😔 
USERNAME lo mismo yo . aki mela pase en casa 😢 
are you f**king kidding me ! ? ? ? ? +$ 9s & ? 404:$&:& > :( 
#confessionnight i love USERNAME , and don't care who knows . 😔 
USERNAME no me puegues ): . ¿de quién lo quieres ? skjfksf . 
flashback on summer memories ... miss my girls 😢 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #imissummer 
#confessionnight after i get over all of this , if i do . ill never ever be the same sydney . #sadbuttrue 😥 
i miss when i actually had days off like in high school >:| :( 
USERNAME both but more excited than nervous . ild leave sooner but i can't 😞 
this is the saddest part in the entire movie 😭 
#fmsphotoaday 11.11. night . final night in la for the final jack's mannequin show . :( @ el rey theatre URL 
fuck .... im still at the restuarant .. missing walking dead :( , i have a backup plan (; 
USERNAME it's been too long . ): i just left st augustine , what's up ? 
i want a relationship like allie and noah ❤ 😔 #thenotebook 
the part where carl shoots his mom doe<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< i died . :( 
wish USERNAME would watch the notebook with me ? 😥 
USERNAME o… well you never tell me much about you love life anymore… you always talking to lil bill about it #sadtweet 
USERNAME lmao ! she just sent the email this night .... abeggii .... my friends aren't even doing it atall .. i am trying :( 
i'm forcing myself to stop ! ! ! 😡 😔 
no , not this part . 😭 😭 😭 go to commercial , go to commercial ! 
i think my headphones dying ..... they just don't do my ears the same no more :( 
i wish you wanted me as much as i want you . 💔 #wishfulthinking #itrytoohard 
saddest break up scene ever 💔 makes me so sad #thenotebook 
the sound of rick crying when he finds out his whore died ... 😭 💔 
everyone is loling at bush . thanks for hating on my fantasy team :( 
aww dropping off USERNAME was pretty sad 😔 😔 lol . ima miss that nigga ! ! 
i totally forgot i missed last weeks showing of walking dead so damn , his momma died giving birth :( 
USERNAME ugh i'm such a party pooper :( soon d ! we shall party 
USERNAME tom turned off all those channels because they cost to to much , so now i wont see it , so lame ! i was so ready too ! :( 
her mom makes me so angry ... i really dont like this part 💔 
stuck at work till close with a wicked bad headache <<<<< 😔 #shootme 
wish i was going to eric church ! ! 💔 
noah and allie are already breaking up . i hate this part #merp 💔 
it's so weird not having a color in my hair . 💔 
USERNAME 😢 i see how it is (goes to a corner n cries) 
cuddled up in my bed with treys shorts and tshirt 😔 
ready for basketball tomorrow . well the shoes are not me :( #outtashape #toosoon URL 
USERNAME fuck ! ); i love that dog 😭 how did he die ? ); 
USERNAME i'm at dennys i won't make it . i'll have to watch it online later ! btw everything i read says fake ... :-( you should google it . 
it's apparently christmas time ! :( @ paradise pier URL 
my phone off so i wont be on twitter :-( 
ughh there's nothing i can even do about itt . 😞 
i can never tell if i'm doing math correctly . #fml 
who wants these last two slices of pepperoni pizza from little caesar's ? ! kayci and i can't finish the box 😔 
guess we're headin home d same way we came ... poor :( @ new york , new york hotel & casino URL 
but i can't because i love him .. we've been through it all together :'( 
USERNAME i know ! my heart hurts ! ! #merp 💔 😩 
#confessionnight them leaf trucks scare tf outta me , they be having me crying ): 
i wanna stay one more night in san fran 😔 
honestly my phone needs to be turned back on #fml 
i wish i was at home watching the notebook ... 😔 
someone bring me dinner at work ! i don't have a car today :( 
i wish i had a closer relationship with my brothers .. :/ #sadtweet 
i don't even wanna go out anymore . i'm getting cramps :( 
i miss you too ! we didn't get to see each other this weekend . ): “USERNAME i miss my baby USERNAME 
wtf “USERNAME indiana 3rd . rt USERNAME updated cbssports top 25 (and one ): URL 
USERNAME USERNAME that was a nice night . 😔 #igotditched #iwasanintruder 
i've been in such a weird mood all day :( 
please don't do this ... you know you don't mean it . 💔 
USERNAME miss you too 😢 we still gotta go to sarris' ! 
when its windy and raining :'( means i'm scared to brush my hair . 
cuz i ain't never getting off my lazy ass to get my licenses 😞 
awee 😞 😢 😓 😪 😥 😰 😰 😱 😰 
USERNAME yeah , just like the panel ! :( we should have planned this better , haha 
this scene gets me every time 😭 😭 😭 #thenotebook 
this is the point where i ball ... 😨 😭 💔 
i was that much of a stress to you :'( 
why do such terrible things happen to good people 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i miss our 2 pm treks back home from rain from the night before and kidnapping dogs at parties :( 
USERNAME some of your tweets exactly explain how i feel . we must be dealing with the same thing . #itsucks ): 
hope what did you snap chat say ! ? ! ): im slow USERNAME 
basically 1 year of our friendship . miss you .. 😞 😞 
USERNAME find out and let me know ! and i saw him from hella far away and he yelled hella loud & ran down the aisle and hugs me 😣 lol 
USERNAME lucky girl . i'm not feeling too hot tonight i'm afraid . :( 
trying to go under my bed to hide from the vacuum :( aww baby girl ! ! ! 🐻🐶 @ homizzle 🏠 URL 
my baby is in so much pain , i just want his suffering to end :( 
USERNAME noo i don't want you to leave me :( 
i was hoping for a companion tomorrow for samuel's checkup ... it's not looking like i will have one 😔 
can't find any new music :( i need to find at least one new song before i go to bed ! #determined 
rip 2 mr . stalter 😞 😥 i love you , you were my fav teacher and you will me truly missed ❤ 
im watching ollg videos and i'm crying so hard ... i wanna be a ollg so bad :'( 
they are breaking my heart ... </3 #imacry #sosad ): 
i laugh when i see attractive girls take glaringly ugly guys to date parties 😭 
damein would favorite that tweet though lol . 😏 😭 
you had my heart but then you blew it 💔 
watching rick cry<<<< 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😢 😢 😢 😢 😥 😥 😪😪 😰 😰 😰 
everyone is watching the notebook . maybe i should go pop that shit in and eat some ice cream . #depressed 
really though . if i was watching the notebook right now instead of eating i would look something like this 😭 😩 😢 😔 😞 😕 😐 😶 
i hatee when mikayla isn't here what the heck :( #twinprobz 
when something's bothering you and you have no one to talk to about it ... 😔 
littering the ocean that is home to millions of creatures 😔 😢 🐠🐟🐬🐳🐋🐌🐙🐚🐢 
when rick cries when he finds out that his wife dies just breaks my heart ! 😥 😥 #thewalkingdead 
wishh i couldve went with USERNAME - how i miss my close friend </3 
خسارته ! ! فاتني :( @ reston town center URL 
USERNAME USERNAME stop gaining up on me you bully's ! bye ! 😞 
momma just sent me this picture from home . i seriously miss my puppy . :( URL 
can i have a boyfriend like noah from the notebook ? 😔 
it's obvious i'm not who she wants to be with anymore . guess i'll go on with my life :( 
every time i see rick cry it breaks my heart ! :'( 
kakk barusan aku lewat venuenya sbs kpop concert :( USERNAME 
not living under the same roof as my sister anymore might possibly be the hardest thing i've ever had to go through 💔 
USERNAME i didn't even get a text from you ! ? that last ones i got were from last night . 😔 
rose petals && whip cream i got him off dhis song :( 
😁 😒 😔 👎 😾 🙀👺 😵 👿 😧 😦 😠 #hateit smh 
it's a shame 😔 we got to spend are time 💣thinking about the same thing 😳 🔫 
USERNAME that would be a bad idea miss ! ! ! ! then you'd have to be loopy again .. & then we'd have to wait even longer to hang out .. 😱 😣 
USERNAME i'm sorry girl :( where do you work ? ? 
i forgot how hard blogilates was .... brb dying 😵 😭 
i was singing to my dogs and they both walked away v.v #depressingtweet 
#confessionnight i'm super in love & it's super sad . 😔 
USERNAME it's ok now . thank u . so sad :( 
USERNAME USERNAME why what did i doo ? ! :( 
i need to remember not to fall again this time ... caus there wont be a next time .. 😔 
every sunday night i get a bad headache & i don't know why 😥 
USERNAME i know . 😞 i can't handle it . 
i really wanna watch this . too bad they didn't have it when i was there :( #looksgood URL 
i want to watch the notebook , but i have to do online personal finance . :( 
USERNAME aw man ! that's a bummer . i'm sorry . :( 
just spoke to my brother USERNAME dam i miss everyone :-( 
USERNAME haha okay i was fixing to spoil it for you . that episode was so sad .. :( 
i cant with this show ! ! ! ! and now i have to wait 2 weeks ! ! ! ugh whyy ! ? ! :( #onceuponatime 
#confessionnight i really liked this girl at and wanted her to be mines ! but idk what happened ! :-( 
andrew lincoln deserves every acting award for his performance in the last scene of the last walking dead 😢 
this walk to the library is going to be unfortunate . 😭 
USERNAME you obviously didn't love your goat enough 🐐 💔 
how everyone has a close relationship with their mom and i'm just like 😕 😔 
USERNAME 😱 yess ! ! ! ! ! i forgot all about taking the first bite 😢 
USERNAME #e3followspree follow me ! love you guys ! ; ): ) 
i miss my kitty 😭 😭 😭 😭 #rip URL 
ur like i'm not gonna give a shit .... n then it comes down to that one person n jus totally melt down .... #sadtweet 
it would be USERNAME s birthday the night before my orientation 😔 
a high of 63 today and a low of 25 tonight . i guess i better close the windows again ! :( 
i still have not bleached my fucking vans . fml , i am to busy for this shit . :( 
USERNAME i feel so bad for him ! and i never even liked lori but just :( 
crying to sam about ashwee leaving me ugh #depressed 😫😩 😰 😱 💔 URL 
USERNAME i sorry :( friday we can have a craft day okay ? ? i'll be done with everything hopefully ! 
USERNAME omg that's terrible :( ... why would you say that ... 
USERNAME i was gonna say something but i seemed like you wouldve cussed me out 😔 
USERNAME :( man ! would love to meet you ! 
didn't know it was suppose to rain and i wore my crocs and i parked in the back of parking lot at work . #fml #soakedfeet 
lol yeah because that makes me feel really important to you ? 😞 😢 
what a good ass weekend . don't goo 😞 💙 
USERNAME put ma shit . ou t.t here claudia fuck out here 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME paige austin and chase all have bigger butts than me :( 
seriously , crying over the walking dead right now 😢 #femaleprobs 
maybe i should just stop trying to keep my hopes up and go to sleep ✌😴 💔 
i wanna use my new board so bad but there's no snow :( URL 
this tweet is cocky :( promise i was kidding around :( 
#confessionnight every guy that i've ever met that's perfect for me happens to be gay . :( #thestruggle 
my back , shoulders , and neck hurt to the touch ): #ouch 
at the grocery store and in the longest line on purpose to talk to the cute cash register and get cock blocked by an old ass lady ! # :( fml 
where's my mom when i need her ? all i want is my mom right now to have daughter mother talks and she wont answer ): its been 2weeks . what'd i do 
USERNAME i'm sorry my tweets are depressing :( here's a funny picture URL 
USERNAME noo ! ! iwish bro , it sucked ! 😭 
my dad just told me my left eyebrow looked like hitlers mustache ): 
i cant believe its over :( now what will i watch on sundays #breakingamish #seasonfinale 
USERNAME i wasted all my money on tht ring too :( #teamlonley 
if ur a burd then i'm a burd ~*~*~*~**~*~* </3 33333 luv conquers awl <3 33333 
he loved her enough to let her go .. 😢 💔 
USERNAME why don't you open my snapchats , bro ? ! </3 
time to break out the gallon tub of ice cream . here comes the depressing half of the movie . 😭 🍨 😥 
feel like watching all these gushy - fairy tale - never happening to me - love movies and cryy 😭 
rt USERNAME i don't text people anymore cause i know they're hoping to get a text from someone special , and im not them 😔 🙊 
i'm going to kill whoever deleted titanic on the t . v . ): < 
i wanna see these pv that kelly & dustin made for people ! i've only seen one :c 
USERNAME ikr ! i wanted to reblog that . but i knew it would break your heart ! ): 
oomf is trying to flirt , just stop foreal ! ! you make me sick :( #ee 
USERNAME yeah i know ... 😣 i have cookie dough and everything . 
the fact that i have to wait 2 whole weeks for #onceuponatime to return 😔 😪 
at the emergency room 😥 i hope kayla sees this so she know what's up 
USERNAME aw damn girl :( hahah its otayy . next time we all hang that's what we are doing hahaha 
omg seeing rick cry breaks my heart 😩 💔 he's going to lose his mind 😕 
USERNAME yeah i did nigga but you didnt answer :c 
USERNAME noo ! :( fuck being sick though . my throat is killin me 
what am i saying urghh that shit hit me hard ... i really liked you :( 
i miss you ... i'm sorry ... for everything ... you've been my best guy friend for almost 3 years .. ): #ugh #dontevenknowwhatidid 
USERNAME you just dont get it 💔 ... it shows he loves her ! #duh 
USERNAME USERNAME i am in the group for his flight also , no one has gotten a call yet :( 
i didnt use proper grammar in that tweet oh no 😭 
i think ima become a giants fan this year 😔 
i want someone to love me even when i'm old and wrinkly 😔 #sigh 
lately i have been so tired 😔 i don't kno wats with me anymore 
long day :( at the airport in ft lauderdale and won't land until 1am ...... work will not be fun tomorrow morning . i miss everyone already ! ! 
her mom is seriously evil from keeping all those letters from her . 😢 
basketball season starts tomorrow and my girls aren't here for cheer :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
#myanklesitch ! ! ! i hate bug bites ): USERNAME USERNAME 
trying to keep my mind off of it but its hard mann .. i still can't believe he gone :( 
the governor has a little zombie daughter ewh tf 😦 
USERNAME noo :( i'm sitting behind a hotel in the car my byeslf whatt da fu k 
this part of the movie just makes me want to cry for noah .. 😥 
if my mother did what ally's mother did , i'd push her off a bridge . 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME awh . no love for us devon . :( 
people always hitting me up asking me where i been at 😭 
i hate allie's mom ! just because your married to an ugly guy with a creepy mustache doesn't mean you have to ruin your daughters life 💔 😡 
all of USERNAME tweets are making me cry ! 😢 don't go ! 
USERNAME i don't have cable :( i'm watching it on dvd . i see on my tl it's on tv maybe abc family ? 
USERNAME aww , im actually excited to see you man . we done fell off </3 
i got 99 problems and they're all tests on wednesday 💔 
can't let go of my brother .. i just can't . he's all i have . 😔 
i wanna see these pvs that kelly & dustin made for people ! i've only seen one & kelly was explaining why he loves cats . lmao :c * 
USERNAME we go in on the 15th ! my inbox is still empty :( (( 
i want to peirce my nose so bad . but it's stupid to get it if i have to hide it everyday at work 😔 
USERNAME look wise , i don't see you as they type to get pregnant , lol 😭 
the fact that there is no bake cookies in the kitchen and i can't have any<<< 😭 
USERNAME feel better love . hope you're alright . ): 
USERNAME USERNAME i can't on friday ! ! :( i have behind the wheel and then i have to go the student vs . staff basketball game . 
our neighbor is having a party and i may not even be able to park in my driveway when i get back . 😭 
i do not want 2 go 2 school 2morrow ... :-( 
USERNAME i don't even have your number anymore . :/ 😞 💔 
USERNAME i can't believe your not gonna be in mesquite bean ): 
USERNAME hahaha i'm not getting fucked up i'm studying for a test 😳 i'll cry whether i'm fucked up or nawt 😞 
i need pain killers ! ! ! forreal i can't even walk to the car to go home :( 
USERNAME because you left me , for USERNAME ... 😢 😔 
i've put off studying all day .. 👎 😣 why must my professor base his entire class off of 3 grades ? ! 
if my mom ever did that to me…… #uhmno #thenotebook #365letters 💙 👫📝 💔 📖🚣 
USERNAME i love her so much lmfao . i heard about biebs & sel though :'( 
still have not arrived at the hotel ): i'm tiredd 
tonight your memory , burns like a fire , with every one it goes higher and higher . 💔 
i don't even know why i'm trying this hard .. #igiveup 😔 😕 😭 
USERNAME awwh you poor thing 😢 hope you're 100% soon ! 
the fact that i have to stay up till 12 to register for classes<<< ..... i'm sleepyy ! ! 😣 😴😴 
i want a noah .. 😔 too bad he doesn't exist in reality #thenotebook #noahisperfect 
USERNAME :( miss you like cray already . come back soon pleassee ! ! 
USERNAME oh no , that's not fair ! :-( can i buy more guns ? 
just got pulled over for the first time . :( #nerverecking 
USERNAME noo :( i wish i lived in england it is like my dream :( 
that depressing moment when someone's tweet is so relatable to your current situation but you can't retweet it ... 😞 
USERNAME dang it's like that ? i thought we were better than that sunny 😔 
USERNAME cus my mom is like this »» -.- «« and if i ask damn she will get mad :c should i ask ? lol 
nothing like being stuck in the middle of thomas with USERNAME because my car decides to go crazy ! #help :( 
USERNAME i am way more emotionally attached to other shows than #thewalkingdead . although i was so bummed when t-dog got it . :( 
this movie makes me cry every time i watch it .. 😭 #thenotebook 
she say she tighter than a igloo ? ? 😳 😳 😔 😔 😩😩 😅 
! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! "USERNAME it's #confessionnight , so ... dear oomf , 😔 URL 
pretty sure USERNAME and i got eachother sick lol 😔 
looks like i'm cramming for my bio test tomorrow #opps #forgot 😳 😣 
USERNAME i look like a trainwreck hahaha that picture is so funny though . miss you too :( 
this month has been a series of unfortunate events . 😔 
USERNAME i was on the phone with my mom . i kept telling her i had to go because the walking dead was on . she just doesn't understand 😔 
the cutest guy works at zumies in oakridge ... and apparently he goes to deanza too ! why haven't i ever ran into him ? ! 😔 
USERNAME hahahahahahah omg it is . but you hurt me when you elbowed me 😭 😭 😭 😭 omg i'm done now bye 
USERNAME thinks i dawged him . i just go through phones like crazy . 😣 
we just finished planning our 4th and final secret santa time sure does fly 😢 
damn , forgot to take my allergy meds . gonna be a miserable night :( 
USERNAME i miss you too 😭 and i'm good hbu ? 
USERNAME no more crazy fun adventures & mall shopping trips & hotels together anymore :( oh no ! 
i was super mean to cory when he called a few minutes ago & now i feel really bad about it . 😩🔫 #fml 
missed my flyt damn ! stand by for the next flyt tonite :( 
too bad his phones broke and he can't even write me 365 texts :( 
1 more month of this year . and it's 2013 😳 😣 😱 
USERNAME oh sale . 😭 well he did that so she doesn't turn walker , but my thing is , is that we don't see him shoot her .. 
i want a relationship like noah & allie . whhy . 😭 😭 😭 ... lol no . shut up . 
nicolaus said he doesn't like me anymore because i sang the words to my favorite song wrong :( why is this happening to me 
the fact a b is a 2.7 will forever blow me . this school trynna hold me back . :( 
USERNAME yeah i think i know i'm a loner . thank you very much 😾 and naahh just put it on ! 178 ! do it ! 
#confessiontonight i care about you more den i show it :( 
USERNAME ha i miss it to my lonely ass would always be by myself 😔 
USERNAME wow dude i havent even beat the game ! :( 
so sad i miss the started of the notebook tonight , is it too late to turn in ? 😢 
USERNAME lmaoo , aww :( you should text me one day ! even tho i know my number is prolly not in yo phone lol . 
USERNAME are you in cali now ? and mehh . 😔 
when my boyfriend would rather watch espn than the notebook with me<<< 😔 USERNAME you suck 
uncle steve i miss you so much being in your house with aunt sissy isn't the same anymore not being able to see her or her don't feel good 💔 
ugh .. guess i'm about to drive back to livingston ... 😔 
USERNAME i miss you too . 😔 but i'm staying up at school . 
USERNAME uhh huh , sure . meany :( you hurt my feelings you big bully 
USERNAME no i had a work meeting that's why . sorry i don't have any soup for you 😞 
USERNAME i was getting all loko'd up 😳 i was hoping i was going to see you but that didn't happen 😭 😭 
i want a guy to ask me to dance :( 
USERNAME USERNAME doubt i t.t hey just lookin at my junk 
the trunk door fell on my head & now i have a baby headache & my vision is a little weird but i'm okay ! 💪 😞 
USERNAME oh dang ! i don't work mondays ! 😞 
poor governor .. i feel bad for him :'( #thewalkingdaughter 
i wish my grandma was here to hug me . 💔 🙏 
USERNAME i have no shame in saying that me eyes got teary :( haha 
oomf didnt hit me up . so i stayed home :( 
USERNAME i cried yesterday when watching charlie st . cloud .. 😭 every time ! ! ! 
reason i'm not watching the notebook . . . . cry everyytime 😢 😩 😭 😭 😏 💗 
#letmeknow when girls become faithful and take a relationship seriously 😣 
i been running on like 3 hours of sleep all day ! 😔 
USERNAME naw ! ! ! ! 😧 you'd think i didn't realize that lol 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss you so much you have no idea :( 
3 turnovers , in just less than 15 minutes . #sadtweet 
there's nothing good on tv right now uuggh 😭 🔫 
the joints in my hands and wrists are in so much pain :( 
USERNAME USERNAME y'all pls come over & keep me company :'( (((( 
i can't wait to see how much you change ... oh wait you already changed ): 
fact: if you ask a guy to let you put makeup on them for a school project , he will only do it if you give him sexual favors . #fml 
USERNAME no :( it will make me fell worse . & cry more . im super emotional . so if i talk about a problem , i cry worse & worse 
wish i had somebody to cake on the phone ! 😞 😔 😁 
f u winter . you make my face so dry :c 
USERNAME :( well , i hope you get through whatever thats upsetting you .. sorry ! 
USERNAME well i put em by the money room door but when i came in today i didnt see em :( 
i really want some dark grey vans .. anyone ? birthday soon ? no ? okay 😔 
the notebook will always remind me of oomf ... 😔 
USERNAME my hair tho ! ! ! i love it more than anything 😢 
alzheimer's is so horrible ... i just want to hear from my grandma . ): 
why does USERNAME hate me ? #mylifeisworthless . wah :'( 
hate when my bestfriend upset and he don't wanna tell me whats wrong :( 
missing USERNAME already 😔 can't wait for her to come back home 
USERNAME thanks macie . </3 #heartbroken #notjoking #goingtobed #depressed #ihavealotmorehastags 
USERNAME why lol i can't rt your good tweets :-( lol 
being sick< i can't even hang out with you :( 
:( its iight not da same tho rt from USERNAME lolol .. look what somebody did to ur fave pic URL 
at work trying to survive in this sea of popcorn ... jelousy is kicking in i want to see a movie with my boyfriend :( 
i be feeling the same way about mcd . :( 
i didn't get to say bye to my baby cousin . 😔 
what hapnd ? :( “USERNAME brother jay showin me on set in hawaii . i'll miss you jay #restinlove URL 
USERNAME i didn't mean for it to be justin bieber ! ! 😥 😥 😥 
i'm gonna have to make a night trip to drinko soon 😔 
#breakingamish and #revenge are on at the same time :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME right same here . lol . but for now we can be #teamforeveralone . ): 
ain't left the house all day ; but unfortunately , that has to end right now ! need some cigs ! #ugh ! 🚬🚬🚬🚬 😢 😢 😢 😢 
my most recent and frequently used emoji at the moment is 😔 #despressing 
USERNAME i'm sorry ! ! :( everyone kept ditching so it wasn't working out but tuesday i promise . hookah lounge , you're coming with ! 
damn why did i not tlk to her all weekend :( missing fat head ass ebone #rns 
USERNAME can we hang out soon ? ? ? ? :( 
USERNAME please ! you bailed on me last year :( 
USERNAME & mee done went our separate wayss , seem likee :( 
somebody bring me a kitten , just for a little .... 😔 
USERNAME i knw i am , but did you have to tell everyone ): 
USERNAME i do have a cat . and you're judging me in what way ? dogs are too much responsibility for my busy self :( 
not feeling good at all , going to bed . goodnight 😔 
USERNAME can i have a couple mins to think about it ? lol jk you don't lie :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm sorry to ! i over reacted 😔 ❤ 👏 
USERNAME ok bby ! ! ! ! ! :---))))) ): -----))))))xoxo 
USERNAME i know how you feel i am going through it right now :( 
my son pees standing up now ... i don't want him to grow up :( #bigboystatus 
USERNAME i wont be home till later tho :( i . work till 430 ! but . can i . see you that night ? 
i miss you && i hate it 💔 😔 😢 
only if i had a relationship like the notebook 😔 
USERNAME i dont even know what it is on :( 
USERNAME shutup :( fine il do it with USERNAME <3 
USERNAME or the below 0 degrees temperature . :( <<<<<<<<<< it was bad enough out today ! #boo 
USERNAME omg ! i cried alittle when my hair was cut graduation day </3 i see it on the floor . im like 😱 😱 
all i want for christmas is hockey back 😢 🎄 
why do nights like these go by so slowly ? :( 
i can't believe how bad you fucked me over you meant so fucking much to me it was unreal ... 😭 😭 
USERNAME lmfao awhh damn really ? i don't remember ): 
USERNAME lol ard now stop talking shit . and im not chubby thouu :( 
am i like the only one now ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? sad life #foreveralone #wtf :'( 
USERNAME i'm sorry ! i'm going to see paul mccartney today ! :( i be there next week . 
i hate being so far away from my other half & bestfriend . . 😖 😢 
had a very unhealthy week 🍕🍟🍰 .. 😞 back on track tomorrow for the holidays🌲❄⛄ ! 
USERNAME USERNAME please can u share his story ? i don't know what happened he's so young ! :-( 
you are following so many people and i feel like i will never see this ! ! 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME she didn't snap chat me :( #foreveralone hahaha 
why does USERNAME have to be only in 10th grade ? :( ((((( #youneedtobeatradford ! 
USERNAME we miss you too :( jalicia said she asked you to come but you had to work ! ! 
USERNAME i know yaayy ! :'d but i don't think were gonna go black friday shopping ? :( 
why can't tomorrow be saturday ? ! 😭 #tired #hatemondays 
i would be watching the notebook but my dad thinks football is more important 😭 🔫 
i've loved justin for so many years ... from when i was awkward and weird- now and he still to this day hasn't noticed me :( 
USERNAME hi i hope you had a good day at work . and you should probably text me when you get home . because i worry if you don't . :( 
i wish USERNAME would stop tweeting . reminding me of our times . :( 
but not looking foward to going to the hospital tomorrow :( 
USERNAME the place in the pen by taco bell , it broke so easily though 😔 
i miss kickin it w my bro n everyone 😢 #crazygoodtimes 
USERNAME i wish i could :( you'll see me christmas ⛄ 
USERNAME i dont even have time to play xbox anymore i would never have time for that . plus it got boring its not that fun to me anymore :( 
#confessionnight i miss playing football and practicing with my team everyday :( 
the #kimmie #723 #723baby you'll nvr know 💔 ........ your #lost #single #solo #free #mia 🎀 @ 😁happily @ home😁 URL 
i would be watching the game right now but i don't get it . :( 
USERNAME so sad to hear about the relationship with your mom 😥 nobody should ever feel that . 
i'm so happy in austin ! then i come to san antonio . :( different story . 
the fact that i'm missing walking dead tonight <<<< :( 
USERNAME did you block me ? cause i can't follow you . :( 
someone should get me a brewski to drink with these wings :( 
USERNAME i just really need to talk to you :( :\ 
USERNAME :'( haha its okay , next time i visit her we have to catch up ! 
USERNAME follow me , plzz tried getting tickets to see you babies this week 😥 
don't have her out front if my house idiot ? plus i'd love to hear this time why you were ignoring me ? why cuz i didn't kiss you good bye 😦 
she's happy , and i guess that's all that matters ... right ? ? ? 😕 😔 
USERNAME hell yeah , thats my moon right now ! ! i feel angry , i miss you ): 
USERNAME very true , but still ... it like i didn't even try :( 
i sorta wish i had someone to watch #thenotebook with me 😔 
i'm a senior 😥 and i'm starting to realize that soon i may never see half of my friends again . 
first time riding in the back of my car ! i wish USERNAME was with me 😔 @ south fort myers , florida URL 
those five days off went by so fast . 😞 
i think i'm gonna go buy USERNAME a starbucks . after what i just did to her ): 
USERNAME it did go too fast :-( loved the workouts . i may stay with the program #mamavation #bobharperlive 
hate seeing you talk to someone else . life is a bitch :( #fml 
#confessionnight as of three weeks ago , i let all the hoes i had goo . 😞 
and i don't have any classes tomorrow so heck yes this rocks but i miss my #illuminate folks :( 
first weekend that i haven't hung with USERNAME in the longest :( #sadtweet 
i'm so poor that my friends have to drive me to & from mandatory work meetings . 😔 
😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 ... i though i'm trying to keep a smile , it jus aint right knowing she's lik 😞 😪 😢 ... 
i haven't seen a video game in a minute :( #juice #smta 
why did i have to see that . and why do i feel so hurt #fml 
my dad never gets sick . but when he does it's bad . feel better daddyo :( 
USERNAME stopp :( you used to base me on heat :( #goodolddays 
USERNAME wahh i heard it was dumb but i still wanna see it ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME it was users pick by USERNAME for the 105 yard run back to his end zone ! :( 
i love this show ! i don't want it to end already ! :( #breakingamish 
USERNAME didn't shake it up burn down ? ! :( 
gahh i missing the walking dead right now being at this lame ass bowling ally > :( 
#breakingamish season finale . i'm #hooked on this show and it sucks that this is the season finale . 😭 🐴🚜 
USERNAME whoa i wasn't there , i missed it :( but i just don't know . why don't u text him and ask ? 
waited all week to watch this show .... and you're not here to watch it with me 😔 
i wish USERNAME would get off work . kind of want to start out date night 😭 
i wish i wasn't scared to talk to #oomf 😔 
last night here and i don't want to go home . 😥 
grr ! ! ! mommy didn't want to get me nutella > :( 
USERNAME was really looking forward to your talk at yuiconf :( 
noo bitch you have to marry noah wahh 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME why didn't you call me ? :( that looks so yummy ! ! 
my sister went on the ferry boat without me 💔 
i love you 💜 rt USERNAME talking to my bb USERNAME about college 😔 she's all grown up 
so , my granny had some fried ice cream , and i didn't get any ! 😔 
why can't i be as perfect as her so that you would look at me 😔 
someone come over and cuddle with me , please .. 😔 
going crazy -natalie on repeat </3 god , let me get through this . 
pretty sure i just broke my laptop 😭 god hates me 
people stop ruining walking dead ! ! :( ((( fml bye twitter 
i can't even get it through my mind how this is the last week ill spend going to school with my friends ... ever ... 😳 😞 👋 #getreadytocry 
s/o to USERNAME for being in 1st block ! haha being pretty and funny ! haha we have kinda have grown apart 😔 #followher 
been applying for college that i forgot walking dead is on .... can't start watching it now .. ugh .. 😔 #sadtweet 
USERNAME i know baby ): i'm gonna try to find time soon , i promise ! ! 
he was right next to me taking pictures and giving hugs . i wish i could've got a picture ): 
when should i start my summer reading books ? ill just read them on the way to games since my ipod is broken 😭 
thats what i get for being a dumb hoee . lol . 😔 
such a long meeting and so disappointing our registration is not very high :( 
you make me feel like shit sometimes . off to my bed . 😔 
one last time . :( (@ rocket city diner) URL 
i've had my tweeting privileges taken away while #thewalkingdead is on . #depressing #sodifficult 
i want to drink something warm ! my throat hurts :( 
less than two guys now . dear god . pleease let him be home . :( 
i dislike when i tweet people and they don't tweet back like now i feel like i wasted time :( 
USERNAME my mom won't let me cause you don't give me lessons anymore :( hahahah 
when you cry in front of your girlfriend ... 💔 USERNAME 
all work & no play especially since i have expenses up the ying yang to be able to afford 😔 😕 💵💰💳💸❌ 
USERNAME lmaoo righ t.t hat nigga suppose to be locked up tho lol 
veterans day parade was so hectic but glad i did it #lastjrotcparade # 😭 #itwillbemissed 
less than two hours now . dear god , please let him be home . :( 
i'm never going too . get over youu . 💔 
"USERNAME lesbian-est . i miss my sissy already . USERNAME lol funniest movie ever ! i miss you too girl </3 
USERNAME well my foot found ur other earing ... or the same one again idk . hhahha #fml 
every time i look at my lock screen i get upset . seeing that picture 😔 
i hate feeling like this when i'm alone 😔 😥 #sad 
#reasonswhygirlsaresingle because guys look at a girls face and body and not her heart 😔 
USERNAME here's me being basic again , i can never win 😧 
USERNAME because our teacher is full of it ! i miss shepard :c 
USERNAME is embarrassed of me and hides my existence from twitter . it's whatever . 💔 
i don't want my parents to leave tomorrow 😥 #foreveralone 
when you have too pee &nd can't bkhuz your on the bus ! ! ! >.< #fuckmylife . 
USERNAME aw well i liked it and i freaking miss you :( 
rt: USERNAME if kansas state finishes the season at #1 , then this is how it will happen (ksu=luigi ): URL (via USERNAME 
i wanted to make it official today but i ruined all my chances 😔 
i feel so lonely when no one is texting me 😞 
someone teach me how to use snap chat ! ! ! 😭 
USERNAME too far from my dog :( hahha and we should catch up when i'm home ! 
when all you ask for is to fall asleep with him like normal but you can't 😢 #fml 
i hate having to wait until 11 to watch the walking dead every sunday night :( 
i'm probably annoying him . ! ! 😖 😥 sorry USERNAME URL 
my heart just sank . :( it's okay noah , just buy her chocolate . every girl loves that . 
my hubby finally washed the car . 🚙💨💨💨💨 first time since we got it in august 😳 😧 🙈 lol 
USERNAME USERNAME hahahah markies at the movies and i'm out to dinner .. :( 
USERNAME :( more deats tomorrow ! ! #imsorry #iloveyou #callifyouneedme 
USERNAME me too ! 😔 she had another baby too 
USERNAME um help me :( btw do you have a real version of woo hoo ? someone said mine wasn't real 
i have to confess ... sometimes i prefer rihanna's style over beyonce's 😔 but never her music tho USERNAME 
> :@ cada pinche desepcion .. bla bla bla puras palabras :'( 
i hate having to miss cheer practice because of this :( 
USERNAME i just realized ! i miss 17 minutes :( 
why is it every time i watch the notebook i'm cryin cuz i get so jealous wish that i had a relationship like that :( 
i thought i was ok ... then your little sister messaged me to tell me how much she liked me . #thanks #fml 
i miss USERNAME for real , we need bestfriend time ! :( 
USERNAME you guys are gonna be gone too ? ! 😔 😥 
i don't know what to say to your one word and emoji texts 😔 
my sweatshirt smells like stripper vag , black n milds 😔 😑 .. 
USERNAME ugh lo sé, weeona mis bebes de district 3 se fueron de xf skjfksjf lloró :( 
#confessionnight littlefoot is my favorite girl friend , she gives the best hugs i swear , i miss her so </3 
#confessionnight right now my heart is 💔 but i gotta learn to forgive and trust .... somehow 
USERNAME i'm drinking and USERNAME turned down a beer ... the world really is ending 😧 
it's soo embarrassing having your card declined in front of everybody . lol then having to do the walk of shame putting your food back 😔 
treal life freestyling (nellz 24th birthday ): URL via USERNAME 
USERNAME 4 some reason , arlington district still has 2 go :-( :'( 
well thank god my brother is ok , now of course my daddy's gonna take me to get food since i haven't ate today :( ❤ 
should i try raw sea erchin or no ... ? #scared #parasites 😞 
uggh .. this sucks .. feels like i'm getting sick . :( headache and muscles hurt . and womens camp is in 2 days ... 
USERNAME you follow 209 please but not me ! :( 
USERNAME haha nope girl i coulda told you you wasn't gonna keep that weight little ladies never do . when i have a kid ima stay fat :( 
working ... come let me make you a drink ! it's so slow ! :( (@ louie's bar and restaurant) URL 
ryan gosling ! no ! comeback ! i love you ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME we were streaming it ! shit , i should've tweeted it more :( 
sometimes i just sit back and think what was the purpose ? ? ? i hate it so much :'( 
i don't know why i am so tired today . i wanted to stay for #homeland but i barely kept my eyes open through #onceaupontime . i need sleep . :( 
i wasn't even texting and driving . i'm so uncool 😔 
my back is killing me like usual 😔 😖 #massagepronto 👆 
oomf thinks i played him . but i can't be two places at once :( 
USERNAME it sucked .. i still don't know if i'll be at work on tuesday :( 
i honestly miss his kisses even tho we kissed earlier today lmao :( USERNAME 
USERNAME duhh it’s cold af up here i hate it :( 
USERNAME they haven't found out how yet but he passed away ): 
USERNAME i miss you already 😢 💔 come stay with me tomorrow or tuesday ! 
USERNAME :'( so you dont love me ? fuck u bitch were done . i will never feed your high ass again ! 
that weird line ... figuring out if you just did something really smart or really stupid 😞 #stupidfeelings 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss us too . :( #summer #timeofourlive 
USERNAME lmao unfortunately not . i'm going to my first cold-weather faire this weekend and i don't know what to do to be warm :( 
😠 a sandwich isn't going to make up for not seeing the show ! ! ! at least write me an ad 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME dude , the only one that wasn't signed . :( abby's gonna sign it for me ! 
i'm cryin already :( love and hate this movie ! 
USERNAME USERNAME can you guys go thursday . i really wanna go but i have to work :( 
in the threading vs waxing debate , threading definitely lasts longer but wow it hurts more . ouch . :-( 
the day is almost over and i've only been able to cross 3 things off my to-do list 😔 i was planning on being much more productive today . 
but i love the devil 😞 👹 😘 rt USERNAME USERNAME first mistake was fuckin with the devil's pie 
looking at my thermo notes and i just want to cry #imadeahugemistake #idontwanttobeanengineeranymore #fml #wah 
time to rest . only one i know with no long weekend :( (@ seven springs village apartments) URL 
USERNAME we need another caribou session and talk about everything lol and i can't go to bbyo tomorrow :( 
USERNAME lmao u have to cr t.t o that movie 
i wish it would snow here ! but it never does . :[ 
just had 2 of these and they were so good .... but i'm still hungry :'( @ five guys URL 
USERNAME ha your right . #peoplemusthateus :'( #jk #iguesswehavefriends #waahh (<that was suppost to be a crying sound) 
guys like u remind me why im single ! ! 💔 .... 😔 
hell yea . mutha fuckas be hiigh ou t.t here now lmao 
why must the notebook be on .... i am trying to study here :'( #hopelessromantic 
anything with tyga in it reminds me of weekly gtown alc runs w/ USERNAME & USERNAME :'( 
think i might have a cavity; scared to go to the dentist tuesday 😭 
USERNAME i know you dont see all your fans tweets but i wish you would see mine :( i can wish 
ugh ! i work my calves too much ! now i can barely walk ! 😞 i'm super sore ! 😫 thanks for stopping me USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME oh yes you are my favorite davis as well even though you didn't come to #illuminate :( 
ugh just had to drive by my little dead friend again .. so sowwy :( 
#cofessionnight i still have nightmare about the bull shit i went through last school year 😔 😥 😢 
USERNAME lmaoo , idc about the eagles anymore they broke my heart lol 💔 
sure do rt USERNAME 😔 rt USERNAME :-/ rt USERNAME we still wear tongue rings ... ? 
tryna find hoodrat things to do , but no luck . help us niggas out ? :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME it was in one of my tweets . but my parents say it's too damn expensive :( 
soo hungryy but i don't know what to eat 😞 
USERNAME truee dats wassup i like to hear my niqqka on da come up t.t . g .. we all we got ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME i feel lost i've just been a totally mess :( 
a water cup fell on me at work and now my phone is fucked so i guess my phone is staying the night in some rice ugh sigh 😣 😭 
now that i'm in college my parents think its okay and funny to talk about sexual things .... it's not okay 😧 🔫 
USERNAME no te lo puedo pedir . tu no me sigues .. :( 
aah i don't want to miss the notebook 😣 must be home at 8❗ 
tf happened last night ? i feel like i got punched in the chest . #ouch :( 
USERNAME USERNAME oh no i miss seeing you today pretty lady :-( 
USERNAME tell me if its good i need to sleep :'( 
well , after a long day working in concessions in smell like straight popcorn :( laying down and playing hay day is just what i need ! 
gonna take a bubble bath , sit back ,& listen to music🎧 😔 
why is it already past 8 and i have school tomorrow ? ! ? 😔 😁 
why did i just do that ..... :( fuck . 
can't believe this shit is still piling hot ... #fml #fmm 
don't go to breaking dawn with out me ! :( ((( USERNAME 
lmfao so according too my boyfriend , people that go too hell are reincarnated into tampons 😞 
USERNAME i don’t want to wait . :-( . but i guess i’ll have too . :-( . lol 
USERNAME USERNAME i don't know , i just woke up 😞 
wish i had a relationship like one you read about or see in a movie 😔 
ugh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! what the fuck ): 
USERNAME i've never been to one when it's not 900 degrees . going to carolina ren faire in charlotte this weekend . high of 57. :( 
my ankle is killing me ! ! fuck ! fuck ! fuck ! 😫 😭 😩 
, i really want somebody to text mee ! ! ! ! :( i told aniya she smell like fish & she stopped texting me lol 
USERNAME i cry if i see one ! ! i cant even be near one or ill have a panick attack :( lmao we both have to face our fears soon ! 
USERNAME i'm not sure :( bakersfield is so far and i don't have the money for the greyhound 
USERNAME i say your best shot is google translator , it's helped me a lot . i would help , but i think you're farther than i am . sorry ! 😞 
USERNAME its alright i don't know how to hit on girls either 😔 🔫 
i need someone to text . my phone gets no love . 😔 
i'm about to cry . i have to take my nails off for swimming . 😔 😢 #sosad #legitcrying 
gahh da heats lost :( :( ! ! ! ! 
“USERNAME i hope a guy sends me a goodnight text like this one day . 😔 URL yeah maybe in my next life #lol #jokes 
USERNAME every episode i wait for them to find him ..... still waiting . 😔 
USERNAME it's been too long , come to me please :( 
mom please stop talking about when you were pregnant with me i'm disturbed ) ): 
USERNAME so not fair , like i haven't slept-in in so longg 😥 
USERNAME she was trying to get the ball away from people and christian on our team came in to help and kicked her ankle :( it popped 
USERNAME whitney i need to talk to you 😒 😒 😞 😞 😞 
all i wanna do is make a smoothie , but everyone is asleep and my blender will wake them up if i turn it on . 😣 #momproblems 
when i see i want to quickly ask what's wrong but end up with the same response nothing when ik there's something wrong 😔 
USERNAME hahaha true , i wish i could come but i can't tonight :( sorryy 
USERNAME i lost two regular this year , plus a shiny poppy pin from the mint they were selling at school . i liked the pin a lot . :( 
me= 😞 😷 😰 😵 😴🙏. i'm sick . prayers and bedtime with 🐶. doctors in the am i hope . 
gotta go get another cat scan . i know it's something gotta be wrong . 😔 
saw that i got a snap chat from USERNAME but mine doesn't work so i can't open them or send them 😭 
USERNAME the quiz isn't tomorrow is it ? ! ? ? :( ( 
USERNAME colorado hopefully .. but i'm pretty sure i'm stuck here till graduation 😏 😔 
USERNAME why aren't you guys following me :( i bring good luck ;) #aske3 
last time my friends and i tweeted a bunch of oomf tweets back and forth i lost like half my followers 😔 
i want some iced tea . ! 😥 💚 🍷 
USERNAME i miss you moore💘 i'm watching he's just not that into you and it's not the same without you 😔 
USERNAME 😒 😒 😞 😞 i'm sorry i was trying sis 
(sighs) staring @ #exgirlfrind text . :( man i needs me some cheering up now . 
cross fader on my mixer just went r . i . p . during my busiest time of the month ... :( ups better come correct with their 1 day shipping service 
USERNAME USERNAME that's not far , she likes here sword :( 
i really want cinnamon rolls with cream cheese frosting and chocolate :( 
USERNAME ikk me too & i work allday mon and tue 😏 😭 
i need to write a paper proposal , a 5 page history paper and fold my laundry .. hard life :( 
my stomach been hurting for like five hours ! shit is irritating ! :( 
my anxiety is ridiculous right now . #drawing #capstoneessay #otherthings ): 
i have to stop thinking about you because i know your not thinking about me 😔 😔 💔 
aw , i miss seeing USERNAME on my tl ): 
i want to go get wendy's , but i can't while #thewalkingdead is on :( 
USERNAME USERNAME and this . (decided to tonight) #fml URL 
“USERNAME dan and cody load in URL this makes me miss everyone so much omg :'( 
USERNAME i've seen #bsb in concert 5 times here in colorado and tried so hard to meet them just once after 19 yrs with no luck . 😣 
USERNAME i know :( and if i forget to wear it one night , the next night its so tight and hard to put on ! 
USERNAME i know , i'm scared to go get an ex ray because i feel like there's gonna be something wrong :( 
USERNAME :-( ikr ! girl i feel so helpless ! ralph been helping , u physical therapy is his major 
USERNAME but half the time i text you , your on twitter :( ( 
i wanna move back to allendale boe but u see the location ...... ): 
spelling these words will be a test in itself 😥 
kemayai' being mean she won't play hide & go seek with me :( 
USERNAME early if he wants to something in any of you guys 😢 
“USERNAME ctfuu wtf "USERNAME niggas be like >>>> 😭 😭 URL lmfao 
that was the worst game i've ever played in my entire life . needa step up 😔 
USERNAME no #siu for me tonight ! :'( at my friends' w/o cable , but hmm ... some how some way USERNAME show me a way to catch it;) 
damn , zach doesn't work at dunkin donuts anymore and larry doesn't work at arby's . no more free food . 😔 
wth i texted you today jesseka & you didn't text back :c 
:'( why do i feel like i have nobody ? 
last dinner at my aunt gails :( then going home tmw afternoon . ugh 
of course im going to skinny dip when USERNAME isn't working . :( ( 
i feel like the girls in valentines day pretty much every day of my life #suckstosuck 💔 
skyfall is sold out for the entirety of monday and now i have nothing to do on my day off . 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME looks like they hate me too luke . 😭 
i didnt talk to brittney today , it wasnt the same 😔 were the awesome possums ! 
the worst part is knowing my best friend is upset and being hundreds of miles away . i can't even give her a hug . :( 
everything you ever told me was a lie . </3 
my mom and step dad just made me shower with the door open incase i passed out or fell #sicksicksick 👎 😞 💊 
when my mom asks me if i'm about to cry ... she knows me too well .. 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME this is why you broke up with me , you left me for her .... ): 
i'm so bummed ! i coulda got a pic with jc chasez but he was all in a hurry 😔 oh well . 
#confessionnight i was so young when my everything was took away from me :( 
what i would give right now to watch a movie and fall asleep 😔 
USERNAME i miss you to :( and no , i just moved to warren with jon 
just being nerds while everyone else goes out ... 😞 🔫 USERNAME USERNAME 
there's a fire in the movie theater ? ? ? we had to evacuate in the last minutes of skyfall ........... 😞 😒 
head hurts , feel nauseous , exhausted and the person i wanna be with is hours away :( 
this USERNAME broadcast of USERNAME #lavsea on USERNAME is as bad as an internet broadcast . very jittery and dropped frames . :( 
rick has gone off the deep end . my poor baby :( #thewalkingdaughter 
USERNAME if you come down for my birthday , you won't even need to get me a present cause you're all i need ): 
there's songs that switch up my entire mood . 😔 
daamn have to wait 'til christmas to go back home to wa . now that just breaks my heart , i shoulda just went friday . 😔 😥 
USERNAME :( jamee you're so mean to me . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME hate to tell you but prob infected 😕 😟 😢 
ugh why is tmrw monday .... this weekend went by faster than usual 😔 😥 
it was so nice today ! how is there a chance of snow tomorrow ! ? ! .. #nothappy 😔 #iwant ☀ 
well , i just don't know what to think of that .. 😔 
rick ... get outta there , bro ! #thewalkingdead 😳 😥 
damn back home , back to work ... a . k . a . back to the real world ! ! ! ! 😔 😑 
USERNAME haha i've been told its good but i've never had anyone to watch it with ! ! ): 
USERNAME ok ! not in sb though . we'd get raped :( lol 
spent all day at the library and still feel unaccomplished . #cantfocus 😣 
rip 🚽 rt USERNAME that taco bell messed my tummy up . 😔 
you can't tell anyone anything these days . 😔 #notrust 
get me out of here , still have all of clearance 😣 😔 😣 😔 🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫💥 
USERNAME i just feel bad you don't care about me :( 
i wanna be with you . 😔 but i want you to want to be with me again . like you used too . 
having a tough time holding everything back right now . #urgh 😭 
USERNAME you and me both . :( i still act like a kid but in an 18 year old body . 
i want my mamaw to come home now ! ! ! i hate her staying in virgina at my aunts .. december 7th hurry up so i can see my mamaw ! ! 💔 
passed few weeks somethings been bugging me . i just couldn't put my finger on it . & i just did . :'( #breakingpoint 
getting retweeted by USERNAME < getting followed back by USERNAME :( lol 
auntie nene i miss u so much u were always that special aunnt if u were down here u would be ashamed of alot of people/decisions #sadtweet ♡ 
leaving my make up places i visit seems to be a habit ..... one that i would like to break . damn damn damn damn damn 😣 
everyone is getting followed expect me :( USERNAME #e3followspree #e3followspree 
#confessionnight i actually only like one person at the moment but he moved to florida 😔 
i hate the sudden urge to cry .. #moodswing #sad #depressed 
USERNAME cause you were too busy getting sushi without me . 😢 
i dont even have tht one friend i talk to everyday :( #confession 
USERNAME sad i missed u :'( wheb r u going to be in the bay again ? 
USERNAME sshh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! don't call me that on the social network ! :( 
probably just gonna go to bed ! ! :( no need to stay up ... #tired #sad #lonely 
man bieber and selena broke up 💔 this is my chance tho hahahaha 💑💑💑 
just discovered USERNAME was all fake . i feel like all my sundays spent invested in this show were a lie ! #sadtweet 
i feel special now theron . <3 lol , but my phone is broke :( 
i want to live on nilbog ave or street . but it doesnt exist :c 
USERNAME umm u been mia ..... i don't like it ! ! ! i miss u 😢 😢 
but i don't want them to be mad at me :( 
watching wedding shows makes me wanna get married :( i hate being 17 lol 
USERNAME that can't be good :-( at least these days you can get a lot of monitor for not a lot of money (less than you used to pay anyway) 
when you know there absolutely nothing more you can do <<<< 💔 😔 
#confessionnight when my mommy dies ill probably go psycho , she is my rock & my bestfriend . i can't imagine life without her </3 
hate it when my brain remembers that i am forgetting something but doesn't remember wha t.t hanks for trying , brain , but you're making it worse . 
USERNAME i was just thinking about it ! i always miss you ! 😔 we need to do it again soon ! 
USERNAME lmao 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 dis nigga said petra ducks the team is 
USERNAME girl . if your mouth is still hurting you probably have dry sockets ): go get that checked out 
#confessionnight i can't lie , if you told me we could go back to that summer night , i wouldn't have changed a thing . #shithappens #ohhwell 😔 
hope he is okay , hearing a lot of ambulance ): 
i can't , because there gone , there broken . 💔 
when you always talked to that someone and then they just stop answering so your stuck always checking your phone and hoping he answers :( 
USERNAME u never texted me :( ( i've been waiting ! 
just this sore on my face <<< 😒 😔 😣 please be gone 
USERNAME your back on twitter ! ! ! ! ! ahh , finally ! what have you been doing ? 😭 😊 😊 
i think my boobs are giving me back problems 😣 
USERNAME haha that's what i said before i graduated high school but it never happened 😢 
wtf we been done ww bed check nd we ain't got shit to do till 10 ): 
USERNAME i miss you doe . just sayin ..... </3 
i just want to go to on the border ): 
USERNAME but i have to know how many there is . :c 
ich fühle mich zur zeit nicht wohl .... :'( (at dauphin street) — URL 
somebody slap this b*tch across the face with a bar of neutrogena > USERNAME 😔 
ok that really cute guy thinks im a total bitch cus of ana :c fuckk 
goodbye munchkin . i will always miss you; you were a great hamster . ❤ 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME miss tf out of u boys 2 like 4real :-( 
don't do this to me again ! ! ! :-( coldplay will play 3 shows in the us in december 2012, inc nye with USERNAME 
ayee ! my girlfriendd jus t.t exted mee : ))) #lifeesupport 
i don't know why i say the things i say but i say them anyways 😞 
USERNAME why don't you like my bunnies ? ? #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME great minds think alike . i've never had one of the giant ones though :( 
#confessionnight i've fallen in love with someone i can't have . </3 
USERNAME change your avi . i can't take it no more :( 
sad i can't go to the gsu-uga game . if only i had a ticket . 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME urgh i've been driving all over for 2 days and havent seen one ! :( want one soo bad ! any idea for xo merch ? 
USERNAME i have a runny nose to , i can't talk . & i have a headache to .. ): 
#confessionnight i wish you felt the same way ... 😔 😒 
that's probably the last weymouth game ill ever attend . #sadday 
his first niners game and they tied 😣 #49ers #candlestick @ candlestick park URL 
i'm to use to you for me to forget about you :( 
i hate having to be quiet :( i don't wanna do tht 
my self esteem is slowly going down the drain 😔 #confessionnight 
#whyrelationshipsend : the hell if i know . i can't even get one to start :( 
why is rick being mean to the chino ! ? 😔 👎 #heissonice 
my mom and dad really went thru some struggles . 😔 😞 
girls get out of bed so quiet/slow like a mouse . guys have to do a freakin barrel roll across the whole bed& take all the covers w them ? why ! 😣 
the last time i was here , i was with her . :( (@ hollywood & highland center w/ 6 others) URL 
craving the fuck outta a salad . literally bout to cry over it 😔 
ahh this sucks so bad ! it's gonna be hard waiting a month & half , & i quit my job for no reason now . :( fuck 
i wish i wasn't this far away from you . it sucks so much . 😔 
we need to talk USERNAME i miss you ): call me when you get the chance boo . 
USERNAME dude bad vibes no good :( get some friends over there fast ! 
USERNAME give everybody a hug for me ! ! <3 i miss you guys so much . ): tell your mommy she's gorgeous ! 
just ended 3 day love fest with USERNAME so sad i had to go 😭 #whydontilivewithyou 
found these tickets from 2003 ! i want a pens season :( URL 
im tired i have had along day working on the house 😔 
i'm going to be 41 with no kids or husband :( 
i hate being locked in my house :( it's so lonely 
its been soo long sense i've hungout with USERNAME :'( 
my head hurting & my stomach growling ' * waits on kira * 😩😫 😒 😔 
my mom called . i got excited cause i thought it was my babe 😔 😒 
quero ir pra poa , tem como ? ? ? ? :c 
this nyquil is kicking in and i don't want it to anymore .. #gettingtired #fml 
USERNAME i miss you too ! :( i was just thinking about that 
not ready for nate to go home :( but he's got work in the mornin' and i've got a busy day ahead 
the thought of how inconvenient it is to not have a car just set in with thinking about going to class and work tomorrow ! ! ! ! ! #fml #efftthis 
i wish i could have a relationship like huddy and USERNAME :( 
i'm going to bed . school tomorrow . ugh . #fml #dontwannago #shit #goodnight 
i'm ready to be done with high school , i'm already into college now i just feel like i'm playing a waiting game .... i don't like this game :( 
USERNAME bummer :( i would see them at leeaast 235 more times 
USERNAME lol , ): which english do you have left to take 
fuck i forgot about breaking amish .. noo :( (( 
man ! siri is suuper mean to me . :( 
USERNAME and USERNAME you guys didn't tweet me ! 😥 😪 
USERNAME no phone :( ((((( and i can;t chill i work at 6am 
feel lost now , was so pumped to go home . being away from my mom for months at a time is the worst ! :'( 
#thewalkingdaughter why did that black lady kill my friends :( 
#confessionnight i miss having fun nights with USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME . what happened ? ): 
that moment when you're so #depressed and he is too . don't have enough energy to get him to smile or laugh . it pains me to see him hurt </3 
USERNAME right ? everyone is drinking one except us :( 
not able to feel anything but pain in my chest 💔 
wheres USERNAME at ? haven't talked to him all weekend . #sadtweet 
wish i was watching the notebook , but no ... #homework . 😔 
i don't wanna do my homework :( ( .... في حالة طرب ! ! ! ! URL 
#confessionnight i will probably cry the day i move . i'm going to the same school , but i'm leaving the house that built me . 😭 💔 🏡 
ew my face .. but my hair's growing 😔 😒 #me #ew #hair #instamood #bigtee #relaxing #nighttime #collarbon @ home URL 
USERNAME USERNAME no one can be kikier than kiki herself . this is not fair ! bebe ! noo ! ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME can't i just get notice by one of you 😔 #isthatsohard ? #1fan #e3followspree 
USERNAME USERNAME you can't , you live too far away :( 
USERNAME i wish :( soon mema . love you tons 💘 
i'm so tired and i don't wanna get up and close my door and turn my light off ahh 😔 #pitbull 
USERNAME is impossible & rains on my parade 😔 😩 
my ipod be acting up just like these hoes be acting up 😔 lml 
why is it that as soon as i start to forget you , bam ! you find your way back in my life . 😒 😞 
USERNAME it's going to take me forever to catch up with it on netflix . 😔 
hey guys a girl just died from cancer . she was the nicest person you could ever meet i cant stop crying :'( she's in a safer place now ;*** 
USERNAME hey bababaaby ! what's wrong ! ? ! ? ): 
USERNAME USERNAME mike you weren't supposed to say that ! ! lol .. ): 
USERNAME aww sorry dude :( come to sv when you get back ! 
#confessionnight after tuesday , all 3 of my best friends are going to be living in another state from me . 😭 ❤ 
USERNAME oh well ? ok i see how it is now alyssa u thought we were friends :( 
why does my little sister laugh at me while i sing teenage dream ! ? 😔 
USERNAME i know . :( but texans are on too ! revenge tomorrow for me 
that moment everyone is drinking a margarita except us 😞 USERNAME 
why does my wi-fi never work when i want to go online shopping ? 😔 😭 
#confessionnight i hold grudges on the people i love the most </3 
i hate when couples sit on the same side of the booth . it's awkward as fuck i look dumb taking your drink order . 😿 
USERNAME i just texted you ! oh my , some much to do , so little time . 😔 
why does this day seem like it's never ending 😔 
USERNAME maja im crying tears right now ! :'( but i know things will get better and i have in god that he will help you abd tobias ! xoxo 
i haven't had a cold in god knows how long ! ! ! why now 😨 😥 😪 
getting off twitter cause i have to catch walking dead tomorrow :( 
USERNAME uhm i did the essay but forgot about the test #fml 
it's about to be my one year anniversary in december of being single ! #sadtweet 
looks like i have to sell some of my shoes 😳 😪 😭 😥 
i just miss my bff , USERNAME come home already and knock some sense into me 😔 🌻 
USERNAME lol u dont have i phone i cant send the good faces :c 
USERNAME don't be mean i'm in a fragile state . #wahh :( 
makes me sad when my brother leaves . 😔 😢 😭 . not used to only seeing him on the weekends . but proud of him . 
USERNAME im pretty sure georgia got i t.t hey want it so bad 
remember the time we were crying together in the back of val's car and only we understood why ? lmao 💔 
USERNAME omg sis that tori account is mine ? , how did you get my pass and email , i am getting on there tommerw :( 
USERNAME i think i missed the #e3followspree :( life has no more meaning to me 😔 
USERNAME :c i was wondering if she was taken by USERNAME 
USERNAME i miss y'all man 😥 i can't wait to be back 
USERNAME USERNAME hahaha damn well thanks guys ! never took it :( (( 
it's nights like this that really make me miss pc 😔 
if there's a girl out there for me , please come get me . i can't find you .. :( #random 
someone please pick me up and do me favor its major .. ): 
it'd be nice to tell my friends that you were my girl but its whatever . #foreveralone 😔 
watching #thevow and can't help but think about our first time 😭 ❤ 😭 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME awe ... dang it ! i'm a bad person 😞 
USERNAME unless you die today . then it was last day of your entire life . #truth #depressing #sorry 
#confessionnight i've been wanting a kitten for over two years now and i still haven't got one 😭 
USERNAME my new friends are the only thing i'll miss :( (( 
i wish i had glasses for my 3d tv 😔 
USERNAME i will buy my ticket just need a ride there 😔 
can you call me saying , one more time ? 😔 
i'm still depressed that lori is dead .... poor little carl .. ): #thewalkingdead 
my twitter is all sorts of fucked up . 😣 
my last tweet for a little bit .... tell dasean i love him kayla and i want him here with me </3 USERNAME 
USERNAME no girl likea me so ): never had a girl that has ! ): 
USERNAME i want to go wait for me 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i hate how when you say one thing i get completely nervous and scared 😔 
in the mountains . i feel like bella fuckin swan . where's my edward ? 😔 😢 
i can't beileve i'm not going to see him , on his tour this year . 😭 😰 
well erg i just texted the girl i like a few minutes ago and she won't reply :'( aww 
#confesionnight i always try to keep my man the happiest on earth .... when i have one . but i never get anything in return :( 
USERNAME i know :( i had so much fun that night ! i can't wait to camp all summer ! 
i can honestly say its getting to me & i might even break off what we have :'( i don't want to but is the best for us :'( USERNAME 
USERNAME agreed . the snow scares me so much ): 
#confessionnight i miss having somebody to text every night 😔 
i miss everyone from valmeyer :( # ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME it's usually like a minute after i picslip so i'm like 😭 😭 😭 😳 😳 😳 
USERNAME :( ( yeah that's what my parents think . i was hoping it wasn't that though 
yup that was the most difficult thing to do in my life 😔 
there are no qtz that work for this company 😔 
#confessionnight caffeine , why can't you let me sleep ... 💔 
USERNAME lol no ma'am i'm bored out of my mind ... she's gone to see jamaica & eat that cow foot lmao hurry backk ! :( 
when yur parents don't have time for you <<<< #fml 
i hate the mudfuqin police .... buddy aint never wrte me a ticket for my tinted windows tho && not only that i gotta red light ticket too :( 
i hate that the weekend is almost over ! :( 
:-( what a shame dailybooth is closing . so many pics i took lol at least i will be able to download them all . good times 
so , i don't want to leave . 😢 😔 💔 
but he like never talks to girls so i'd never have a shot 😭 😓 😞 😕 
hey biochem exam , i really really don't feel like studying for you . 😔 
USERNAME hey hey now , you know twitter is filled with spoilers during prime time tv lol ....... im sorry :( 
USERNAME USERNAME 😧 😧 😧 😧 😧 😧 😧 ✋😩😩😩✋😩✋✋ 😧 damn i was tryna eat ! 
i got a headache now . ugh . save me now . #fml 
so to USERNAME for being soo nice and for leaving the volleyball team in 7th grade :( like no . haha #follow 
you'd think that i would be used to saying goodbye to my family every weekend ! but no , i sometimes want to turn around and stay . 😥 
kalo dirinci pengeluaran makan siang hari ini , tip yg gw bayarkan td bahkan udh bisa beli menu makan gw td kalo di indo 😞 
USERNAME ahh i was working ! ! :( next time for real i wanna be there ! i'll call in sick if i have to lol and yeah wtf ! i called her out 
USERNAME need to put a little wd-40 or olive oil on those #nextironchef gates .. so squeaky 😣 
#confessionnight i hate how much my dad is gone . :( come home and stay home #daddysgirl 
USERNAME wat omg my group is gonna fail we don't have candy :( 
USERNAME no but really ... haha i miss you so much ! ! 😞 
i feel bad for the little boy on walking dead he had to shoot his mom :( 
all the free stuff i got at the game , but all i wanted was a win 😔 @ heartbreak hotel URL 
USERNAME i know ! it's one of my favorite ! i have yet to watch the whole movie though 😔 
so mad i forgot all about the vip event at pink > :( 
#youknowyouwenthardafwhen you accidentally tackle allee into the cement . 😔 
what #oomfs said last night might actually be true 😞 😭 
USERNAME it got stolen right after i texted you tuesday :( 
wish i had the new halo 4 game 😢 #xbox 
or i can just have carlos tear ya new one again 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME oh .. well ok c u tmrrw morning w/ 👽 ... 😭 
lo k el viento se llevo tristemente nunca regresara :( ( 
USERNAME went to church praised god and seen bae :( 
my dad just made fun of my captain america boxers .... 😔 
if you only knew the half of it 😣 😒 😒 
USERNAME well , good ? , but still bad :( #fuckcancer 
going nuts , cannot find my directv remote so im stuck watching tangled ... which is ok but i was trying to run my friends playlist :-( 
USERNAME my dad said i can't make plans this weekend . :( 
i don't like picking things . just choose for me :( 
USERNAME me ! i've been dying to see it and i have no one to see it with . :( 
cold :( can't wait for my babe to come home <3 
USERNAME your on an operating system that’s 5 years old :( + you probably only have 1gb of ram ? 
sometimes i think your embarrassed of me :( but i get it ... who would want me . #fml 
i just want the lockout to end .. i miss hockey :'( 
i haven't talked to either of my bestfriends today hardly :( 
my bird has been outside this whole time ! ! i hope he didn't freeze to death 😳 😥 
& my cousin who is 14 and not allowed to have twitter 😞 
i just want a 1940's or 50's chevrolet or ford antique truck . is that too much to ask for ? 😭 😭 😭 
aww poor michonne ! ! ! ! :( ... andrea girl u stupid #thewalkingdead 
i knoww . i remember :( text me USERNAME kam remember what i told yu 
“USERNAME i miss you :( USERNAME miss you too nat 
USERNAME nope :( roads are too shitty ! gary wants me to not risk it 
USERNAME poor kai . why must it be you against the world :( 
my mom told me that my dad once walked 3 miles in a blizzard just to get a heater for the apartment to keep us warm .. 😢 
USERNAME ok i'm in ! ! i wanna be a vegan but its so hard in the dorms :c 
putting the phone away and watching this till i fall asleep . open at work tomorrow morning , 645 gotta be there 😔 
USERNAME damn . you just said it all . 😦 
USERNAME you are mf ! :( (( & lol what's her real name ? wasn't it jasmine or sumn ? 
these are the times i miss christopher wade gurley </3 
laying here in bed n i'm realizing that i don't have him laying beside me :( which sucks but ill have him next weekend tho 
good girls always lose to 😔 they aren't anywhere as good to you as i am . 
i wish something like the scene in the notebook would happen and the person i love would show up here :( #yeahright 
gotta be ready to go at 7 am tomorrow morning ughh . probs not going to be my most attractive morning ... 😞 
when vee and alyssa have the people at olive garden sing happy birthday to me <<<<< 😒 😣 
about to try and get some rest .... maybe 😔 😔 
just miss the good ol days when u were around . miss u 😥 😰 👫 💔 
what a drag to go to work right now 😣 
why can't that 10 min talk be unlimited ( forever ) ! :( 
i was outta town so ididnt get to see my bae :( but im glad she had fun sunday mine wasnt as good without her ! USERNAME 
never getting gingerbread latte again :( (@ starbucks w/ 2 others) URL 
USERNAME you boyd dont know how badly i would die from a follow from you boys :( #e3followspree :( 
USERNAME my blue hair fell out ! ! ! ! :( 
defensive driving this saturday from 10-4 ! 😔 #thatstoolong #imgonnadie . 
USERNAME just got out of my bad mood and now you're in 1 ? ! :( ( 
USERNAME we want to do something though and my dad won't let us go out </3 
USERNAME meetoo :( who elses is working tuuesday ! ? 
i should have known not to leave my bottle of vodka with USERNAME . 😁😁 😏 😏 😔 
i really wish i could drink wine with my fancy dinner right now . :( USERNAME 
i can't keep going 🏃 💔 on with out ❤ 🔫 loving u 
USERNAME now that i told you to ! ! 😣 😬 
USERNAME USERNAME ohh that's cruel ... take it out on your sister not the poor little turtle :( #savetheturtles 
USERNAME idk i think sometime this week hopefully ! and i didn't even have my iphone a week :( 
USERNAME dang it ! i forgot ! now i have to wait until 11 :( 
it seems like its fucken 12, im tired as shit ): URL 
USERNAME why are you so mean to me ! ? :( 
looking at the polls and drake isn't doing so hot 😔 
i cant answer anymore questions about quarks or else my head will explode . ): 
nervous with mike :( he barly kissed me today or showed that he loved me .. i trust him but i've nvr been cheated on so idk wat to look for :'( 
USERNAME wanko's warehouse . loved it when vic got kicked by mikey :{ ) 
my ma tol me i couldn't drive her car no more cuz me & my btchs smoked it out ... #sorry 😔 😏 
seeing everyone's starbucks instagrams make me want starbucks but i'm too lazy to go and get it 😭 #firstworldpains 
#confessionnight i'm a virgin , i just ask girls to lie and say we had sex 😔 😞 😭 
i hate when people drunk text me & idk if i can talk to them about what they said later on because idk if they remember saying it . 😞 
can my mom call me back already so i can smoke with liz in peace 😞 
USERNAME hahaha i bet you have ! im jelly :( 
USERNAME i know ! we haven't even seen each other . wtf ! ): & your my cousin ): 
USERNAME USERNAME you don't trust my baking skills ? ! ? ! ? :: :( ((((( 
i hate being sick :( i keep sneezing and i can't breath thru my nose ! 
that intense , empty feeling you get when he leaves .. < 😔 stay longerr 
she let thhe wrong things take control of he </3 
USERNAME USERNAME jenni . por da rt me m muero por uno please make my dad i'm soy una soldadita :( 
#confessionnight i wish mine and abe's relationship didn't end the way it did we were really great friends at one point in time 💔 
that level of thirst where you try to shake it off but all you can think of is waterfalls& capri sun commercials 😔 😑 
USERNAME dustin said he seen you the other day somewhere i wish i was with him 😢 😢 
the fact that my stomach is . killing me right now ! ): 
laying in the hallway cause im to tired to get up 😞 someone carry mee 
i really wish i didn't have to study and that school came easy to me 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME i'm sorry it's not you it's me , i'm allergic to my phone . :-( 
USERNAME ugh ! i wish i could ): but i kinda ditched a lot of class last week so i have to go all this week and monday and tuesday . ): 
USERNAME :( *bear hugs* i will bring hot chocolate and a teddy bear if needed ! 
USERNAME haha i did it once and it didn't work :( but umm ill give u some tips and some #s tomorrow ;) #settinyouup 
when ever hai is sad it makes me sad :( 
ya mismo es el fin del mundo 😦 😫 😭 #findelmundo 
USERNAME get done with your test ! ! ! im bored ! :( 
came home to kassi's toys everywhere but no kassi :( 
USERNAME USERNAME :( i wish my curiosity didn't make me open this . #sosad 
#confessionnight today when my mom was telling me my brother was in the hospital i thought she was gonna say he died . :( 
USERNAME i miss you :( my life isn't the same . 
lots i selfish people in my family . 😔 we all got problems of our own , and shit we all deal with in a daily basis . 
why oh why do my jets have to be so terrible :( ((( 
ill trade everything that i have just to have you here . :'( 
USERNAME stop it .. before i blush ... too late :( 
read my bestfriends text almost an hour ago , and i forgot to text back 😢 💔 
omg ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME im so upset , bring me a cookie tomorrow and roses with chocolate ? i love you <3 333333333 
#confessionnight i love singing and i haven't done much of it lately seriously . i need to though 😞 
USERNAME seriously ? :( damn it ! where is the next closest one ? ! 
USERNAME i know ! ! my moms been sick all day though 😔 
driving to my sisters house , haven't seen my baby love for 2 days </3 
USERNAME ehh . :/ the teens are swell . #thatisall #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( wish i would've thought about you ! 
can i go back to lost canyon yet ? 😢 💔 😩 #home #missitalready 
i really don't need to be getting sick right now . :( 
can somebody tell me where i can get cheap iphone 5 cases/covers ? ! i don't wanna be stuck with this otter box 😔 
what has probably just happened to me .. 💔 URL 
the last thing i wanna do tomorrow is go to school 😞 🔫 
USERNAME ik i'm trying its just hard 😔 too much going right now 😕 
USERNAME that awkward moment when your best friend leaves 1200 miles away #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME day 11: thankful for our veterans and that i am not a jets fan , just wish USERNAME could break away . :( 
aldi yang asli USERNAME rt USERNAME :USERNAME aldi .. say hallu donk :'( mampir ke fav ku please . 
i hate being ignored time to find someone else 😔 
USERNAME that's a sick joke , my friend :( #nobueno 
all i see are tweets about the notebook ... but i'm not watching 😔 
having a blister on the bottom of your foot is pretty painful and annoying #fml 
looks like its gonna be another secondhand serenade night . #sadtweet 
i swear , i can be such a baby sometimes . 😣 
leave it to me to burn my arm on the oven door 😠 😔 
USERNAME i would tell u i miss u buddy but u don't fuck with me 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME i can't be friends with you cause bryan won't let me :c 
i care waayy to much ...... for people who don't gaf and that's my biggest downfall :-( 
USERNAME & it sucks cause all my favorite upper classmen graduate this year . lol , you , USERNAME , USERNAME are leaving me ! :( 
USERNAME awh i miss you so much too 😢 i'll be home in 8 days ! ! i have so much to tell you 
everyone's tweets are so on point with my feelings tonight that it's scary .. making my mind dig up old memories :( 
USERNAME i almost threw a fit . you never called me . and i don't have your number because i have a new phone . 😭 
early i told USERNAME a pick up line then he was just like and on the inside i was like 😭 
USERNAME yeah yeah no one has and i'm moving this summer 😔 
i wish i could just close my eyes and everything will be better 😔 
i have never been in so much pain in my life . #fml 
#confessionnight USERNAME you are still my bestfriend . but u ain't there for me anymore 😔 
USERNAME steph ? ? ? ? ? i don't have a problem with you ! ! ! ! ! ! what is going on ? ? ? ? why w/ you say that ? ? ? ? :( 
it's been six weeks since i've been home . 😭 
USERNAME i didn't know him but its still sad 😢 
well that just made my night suck .. #mylife #awful 😞 
missed #dexter cause of work :( ( wating for #homeland ! 
they had to kill billie kent off ? :( going to miss USERNAME on #boardwalkempire - she was awesome ! ! ! ! 
blessed to have a loving family , but sometimes you need someone else , that wont happen in this small town #needtogetaway #sadtweet 
me and my stepson . the other daddy is m . i . a ): @ justice league headquarters URL 
USERNAME you fucker . you promised you wouldnt put it on ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME find me an extra ticket to the concert in arizona ! i miss justin bieber 😭 😓 😥 😰 😨 😔 😞 😣 
maan ! why all this jank stuff always happen to me ? ): < URL 
my mom doesn't like me , she lets me starve :( 
miss those nights wen we sat around horse playn all night 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
there was a bomb threat at the palisades mall ! 😧 everyone be safe ! 
so wass tlking to my mom & stared crying ! :( .. 
USERNAME lol no ur not ur the one staring it i'm the virctim :/ #sadtweet ! its cold ! ;( 
#confessionnight i smoke weed and tell u how i feel cause i cant tell u without it :( 
USERNAME USERNAME but the one i want is made out of wood 😭 
i wish all my friends were home . meh . 😢 
one week vacations should be illegal . i need at least two . #sigh tomorrow is monday and the end to an incredible five day vacation . :-( 
she's giving boys what they want; tries to act so nonchalant; afraid to see that she's lost her direction 💔 #beautifuldisaster 
no hoes on stroll ..... 😩👯👯👯 😔 @ hoe stroll URL 
USERNAME i feel like you boys will never follow me :( #e3followspree :( follow me pleasee ? 
getting so upset thinking about how i have to leave my friends tomorrow 😞 
when you and your best friend like the same guy and he likes you but , you give him up so you don't lose your friend .. #foreveralone #fml 
did i really miss the #e3followspree 😭 😭 😭 😭 boys ! ! ! notice me ❤ ❤ ❤ USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i guess so :( why are we sober right now ? ? ? 
if i turn my heater in my room on i burn up & if i don't i freeze . 😔 
my phone will not send any messages , for the second day in a row #fml 
USERNAME i can't :-( (( i'm babysitting :-( but i promise u we have 2 do something thanksgiving break <3 
USERNAME i miss you too ! i miss mayra as well . :( they always remind me of her at work . 
USERNAME sameies . dang .. :( i just saw that commercial and now i want it . hahah . 
USERNAME i wanted to watch it with you 😔 since we have for all the movies 
USERNAME black coat & tails (if looks could kill ): URL via USERNAME 
to much thinking for me right now . #ihate #thinking #tomuch 😔 
USERNAME i am not kidding , he said i am not paying 150 for any of that shit ! i told him yes you are then he said your not going ! #fml 
i wish my homework can be done by itself haha :( 
i'm playing on 80m cw . responded to a guy's cw with w8b . he sends ? ?. i reply and he disappeared . :-( #hamradio 
USERNAME USERNAME yea my problem 2 * it sucks being winter & we cant do both :( course if i'd hit 4th # yesterday i would have :( 
USERNAME :( i feel your pain . i sat from 1pm-6pm after the rain and didn't see squat . 
my phones going to die and i forgot my charger at home . waah :( 
uncontrollably sobbing watching my sisters keeper 😭 😭 😭 #saddestmovieever 
#confessionnight not talking to shayla for this long is possibly the worst thing ever , i'm depressed about it . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm super worried i won't make it :c 
USERNAME :( this is the 1st year i've had $$ for them since i've chaned jobs .. funny thing is i make .30 less than what i used to . but when 
i miss USERNAME :( #bestfriend #separationanxiety #pedophile <- first thing that came up haha 
i'm a fuck . just grabbed the metal grate off the stove to clean . it was just on got 25 minutes #fml 
USERNAME idk 😭 😭 😭 i sowwy i miss youu 
tonight was about to be so fucking chill with USERNAME 😔 
literally crying at abe's and rebecca's wedding 😭 😭 😭 abe is so cute 
USERNAME ima be so funky looking bc i gotta go last minute shopping with jp 😔 
missing my favorite earring<<< downside of being drunk the other night 😔 URL 
USERNAME that's the spirit ! ! lol i never see you and claudine anymore #sadtweet 
USERNAME please ! ! ! ! ! i love you ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
i want those shoes but i have no money :( 
USERNAME i had to withdraw from chemistry .. so now i will have to retake it :( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 but .. 
USERNAME 11/11/11 11:11. my wish didn't . one true :( 
the notebook extended version ... oh . my . gosh . 😭 
USERNAME i've wanted u to follow me since the start and i'm really starting to lose hope now :'( #followme 
.. wow the last song would be on when USERNAME is at work andd the notebook :( # lovestorie night 
when the person on drive thru dont get your order right :c 
USERNAME but remember i sang it to you and naynay :( 
sexually frustrated , stressed , mentally drained ... like what else *sigh* 😞 
USERNAME lmfao i can't help it . i'm a die hard . 😭 
watching #thenotebook without USERNAME just isn't the same ... 😔 #ifyoureabirdimabird ❤ 
rt USERNAME :( rt USERNAME i once had a bobcat as a pet . sure miss her . she was my friend . game control took her from me 
#i can't get enough money for buy his heart :( <3 truee 
i just want to go to bed . 😔 #sotired 
when USERNAME and i both whine at the time entering maryland .... 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME lol i'm gonna be 😭 😭 😭 😭 for real if i don't see twilight this week ! 
event review: hard la: wolfgang gartner (11/10/12 ): on saturday night , wolfgang gartner headlined for hard la at the ... URL 
USERNAME lol bc you didn't tell me and i didn't get them :( 
USERNAME i've wanted u to follow me since the start and i'm really starting to lose hope now :'( #followme 
idk if i should get a onesie or a scarf 😔 
USERNAME haah . y'all garbage . y'all almost lost to the hawks too . 😔 
USERNAME no :( ivebeen fiddling here and there but can't figure out how to make the final thing like we want . 
wish *people* would text me back once ina while ... i miss talkin to 'em </3 #please ? #maybe ? 
USERNAME no :( i have those huge cramps like i did before :( 
i never new love would feel like a heart attack 💔 
USERNAME i've wanted u to follow me since the start and i'm really starting to lose hope now :'( #followme 
USERNAME i care ! but i lost my phone :( 
loving you no more i just i can’t i just can’t be loving you no more i love you more than i love myself 😔 
USERNAME wow ... actually thought that you wanted to have a conversation ... #feelinthelove 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME lmao i cuddle with my pillows :/ </3 
USERNAME i miss you soo much ! i seriously need to see you 😩 😢 ❤ 💔 
USERNAME lol , why you leavee me babyy ! :'( 
USERNAME you're always so sad on twitter 😔 cheer up ! life's not that bad , promise 😊 
this honestly sucks .. i'm so not ready to go to school tomorrow morning . :( like , wtf . i'm still in vacation mode . 
#confessionnight i think i'm about to take a ride , i have a lot on my mind right now 💔 
#confesionnight ; i miss my real dad ' he was never in my life 😒 😔 . 
there's something about you that's got me going crazy <<< #fml 
a woman knows when a man looks into her eyes and sees someone else ... 💔 
you text me and my heart starts beating fast 💔 
USERNAME i'm in nashville or i would totally go :( 
ughh , time to start my homework . 😔 🔫📝 
USERNAME so does sleep ! lol oh well im old i ain't growing no more :( 
USERNAME i've wanted u to follow me since the start and i'm really starting to lose hope now :'( #followme 
just seeing all this mail just from colleges has me stress the fuck out . imagine , when it comes to paying your house , bills , and taxes . :'( 
i never thought i would be going through another 💔 but i was wrong . 
USERNAME i think at this point i'm out of ideas ... :( if you want , i can give you some cash to cover the cost of the badge if we 
you dont know how much i hate missing you :( ( 
i swear i felt so bad for the kid . :( 
thank god for sleep aids , i'd never sleep without them .. unless i have alex 😞 
USERNAME its ok ill let it slide this time :( and aww :/ ill give u a blanky lol 
USERNAME okay well that's good then , something like this would happen to you :c 
USERNAME lmao ! my poor friend :( soo is tht no house o soul ! ? lol 
annd i feel like im never gonna wanna listen to them again , because i do soo much ... :'( 
USERNAME i know :( i tried to get you to come over yesterday tho ! 
none of my friends will go get sushi with me , so i have to buy it to go and eat it in my room alone :( #sushiprobs 
dude she scheduled me on the wrong days again :( fml turn 19 so you can swwerve for me ms . exotic ! USERNAME 
USERNAME ima hate not being able to talk to my babe tonight 😥 
USERNAME omg . i wish . i can't . like . i lost my eye pod and my computer broke :( (( 
USERNAME i was drinking .... but i mean oh well next time :( 
USERNAME i've wanted u to follow me since the start and i'm really starting to lose hope now :'( #followme 
USERNAME hahah you're right as if the mistletoe would even help . 😔 
at the end of the day do you still think about him ? 😔 
USERNAME dude , tomorrow is the last day i can practice ... #fml 
that just killed my whole month :'( fuck it . 
i feel like rick isn't gonna love the baby 😢 #thewalkingdead 
USERNAME noo 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😪😪😪 😢 😢 😢 😢 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
101s @ chavez (sf ): :sfo arpt 12 min rte 92 18 min daly city 8 min 
#confessionnight i miss #oomf more than i can even handle and idk what to do anymore 💔 😔 
17s @ summit rd (scz ): :slippery/wet roadway reduce speed 
80e @ 8th (sf ): :high winds on bridge (was: slow down 35 mph curve 3 miles ahead) 
cause when a heart breaks , no it dont break even 💔 
80w @ bay brg incl (ala ): :high winds on bridge (was: slow down 2 miles ahead 35 mph curve) 
92e @ foster cty bl (sm ): :high winds on bridge 
USERNAME i've wanted u to follow me since the start and i'm really starting to lose hope now :'( #followme 
why does every sunday turn into me sleeping and watching tv rather that doing school related work ? ! thank god tomorrow is inservice . 😔 😴 
omg i seriously got my first college wart on my foot :( why do my friends let me walk around & go to the broom with no shoes on when im drunk 
USERNAME no one ? ? u really can't think that low of all of us ... :( 
i could cry i miss USERNAME USERNAME so much already ! ! ! ! #sadtweet 
a person who truly loves you will never let you go or give up on you , no matter how hard the situation is </3 
USERNAME hahaha that little thing is scary ! i was thinking what if i walked into my room and he was playing with my clothes .... 😧 
USERNAME i've wanted u to follow me since the start and i'm really starting to lose hope now :'( #followme 
help USERNAME locked me in the bathroom at work ! > :( 
i really need a friend right now . #sadtweet . 
USERNAME hey i miss you text mee ! ! ! 😢 
when the hell is wolf gonna come out ? ! 😭 😭 USERNAME has us waiting too long . hope it's worth the wait . 
i don't want to move 😢 i really like 101. 
do i have to go to another week of community health ? ? 😧 🔫 #9daystilportland 
rick has gone off the deep end ! 💔 😢 #thewalkingdead 
USERNAME hahaa what ! ? ! ? ! i'm so confused 😣 
i am going to start watching walking dead ... i feel so left out of the loop on sunday night tweets ! ! 😔 
USERNAME youre following everyone but me , follow please ): 
we have no food in this house and i'm starving . #fml 
USERNAME oh well i apologize for that :( but you did read it righr haha 
poor rick . i'd prolly freak if they ate my wife too . :( #sogross #butsosad 
sister's baking a cake for her boyfriend #toocute . i wish i had a boyfriend for i could do all that cute stuff with & too him :'( 
went to 🔨 for my liver and they hit me with 💀 went to 🔨 for my lungs and they hit me with 😭 and all 🎇 we be 💎 like ah mf 
why wont USERNAME follow me ? do they hate me ? :( #e3followspree 
oh my gosh i can't stand when guys are tweeting all in their emotions all . the . time . 😣 😡 😠 😤 😣 #stop 
so thankful to have known such an amazing , funny , and awesome person . rip allen brazell . 💔 i will never forget you 
np :( god send me an angle) i dont know why i got mine USERNAME 
the closest to the bay i'll get to this weekend . 😔 @ ghirardelli soda fountain & chocolate shop URL 
watching the lionking , the fucking part when simba is trying to wake up his dad ..... 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😩😫😩😫😫😫 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME :( (((( on a serious note i would be so fine if he broke up with me for her .. 
i wish every love could be like it is on the notebook :( 
USERNAME whaat ! ? mom works all day tomorrow too :( 
USERNAME true . it sucks . too much work in #utsa . i have a test tomorrow and 1 on tuesday . 😱 😰 😢 
now you're just somebody that i used to know . #stranger 😔 
USERNAME skjksf lo eres , yo también <3 . mi ultimo voto fue hace 1 mes , se tardó como un mes , ya no traducía por lo mismo :( 
i may have to just go to bed , band tomorrow :( 
when it's cold my nose is the first to freeze 😩 😔 😭 
USERNAME froze the freaking ham :o stupid idiot ! now i cant have a sandwich :( 
i wish USERNAME and USERNAME could make up 💔 #rhoa 
well the garage door is broken , our apartment is falling apart ... 😭 
omg why can't i speak spanish 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i think my best friend is mad at me .. :( 
one guy on my plane out of bloomington was headed to london and one was headed to dubai . im in north carolina :( #blonoworldwide 
looks like plans are already changing for this weekend .... 😔 
why do i have a phone when nobody texts me or calls me :( 
USERNAME i'm so sorry maddie . i feel terrible for you :( 
i hate studying in the weekend and especially if i have midterm in monday #cantstudy ☹ 
someone take me to the norwayne game this week :( 
USERNAME unlike last night , tonight i'm getting my pisco sour (i love ): being ordered for is over-rated . #round2 #cocktails #bliss 
rt "USERNAME ok no one talk to nathan . :( ” 
USERNAME me too :( i threw up this morning ! 
USERNAME i know how you feel , i lost my dog back in 2008 and she was with me since i was born . it's sucks .. i'm sorry ! ): 
watching the notebook alone .. road to disaster #fml #cantnotwatch 
i know i actually miss having you around everyday USERNAME :( 
i think im getting strep ... my throat is killing me and its swollen so much :( 
USERNAME :( dammit ! i wish i loved closer ! 
i mean most boring episode of the walking dead i'm disappointed 😔 
USERNAME i wanna go too but i'm allergy to shrimps :( 
this is what USERNAME did to my owl ! ! ! > :( >:o . #paybackscomingbitch URL 
-______- everyone just throws around the word these days ): 
USERNAME fuck you . dmc is suspended this game , so we might suck a lot tonight :( 
i think rick needs a hug :-( i feel so bad for him . #thewalkingdead 
everyone thinks that i have it all but it's so empty livin behind these castle walls :( 
USERNAME noo i even talked to mommy swisha last night :( 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! :( my baby freshies 
when you still have feelings for your ex- </3 USERNAME 
USERNAME it's all of the deleted scenes ! they're premiering them tonight and i forgot to watch it :( #sad 
USERNAME i work till five ): i'm trying to leave early , i don't know when morgan's leaving . 
USERNAME nahh probably not :( i wish i was going though ! 
the shit boys do behind their girlfriends back <<<<<< 😧 😮 
i guess they lost since didn't nobody say nun lol 😭 
someone cow see sinister with us right now ! ! :( 
i told my mom i had to leave and she just lays down in bed for 20 minutes 😞 
USERNAME tomorrow 😭 i have 3 left it just takes soo long ! 
i really hate seeing dead dogs on the road :( if you hit some ones dog have the decently to stop and tell them 
this past week i had the worst luck ever . wtf 😣 
bruised my ribs jammed all my fingers on my right hand and rolled my ankle #hurt #bmxlife :( someone come baby me wahh 
😳 lol jk it's not that long 😔 😏 .. 
#tex - his face says it all :'( he'd rather be at t/ #texans game ! ! #bullsonparade #texansgameday #cutesttexansfan URL 
#confessionnight i really like this kid still 😞 & he doesn't want me #pathetic 
USERNAME i do too 😭 but i miss you more 💔 
why am i so stupid when it comes to math :( it's horrible 
USERNAME consider it done . i miss youu phannster 😞 😔 
USERNAME awe . you should come back friday . and attend ladies night at the detour ! saturday i'm going to the clint black concert :( poo 
#confessionnight i'm so infatuated with #oomf i get so happy when he likes my photos on instagram lol :[ 
USERNAME lol , it succks ! :( big time hah 
i have been home for two hours , and i already miss USERNAME like crazy :( :( 
USERNAME i’m jealous . i’m suffering endlessly at ct . :( #hardlife 
essay due tomorrow , 2 due friday , and another due saturday . #wow :( 
i think i picked the wrong day to eat hot chettos .. :( 
USERNAME oh and you didn't think to let me know i was waiting like a dog next to the door for you , ... 😔 
even though i act like i'm fine without my mom , i really do wish i had one while i was growing up 💔 #confessionnight 
i feel like need to throw up .. gross #fml 
soo not looking forward to waking up at 5 tomorrow ... #basketballproblems #conditioningsucks 😔 😁 😞 
just gonna be lonely and watch the notebook . if only USERNAME were here to watch it with me :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME just saw this ! it's so cute #missyou 😥 
starting to get emotional bout the fact i'm getting rid of my king size bed and downgrading to a smaller one </3 
tanning is so relaxing , but likee my tits are burnt ): 
USERNAME i probably would too but i don't have a tv in my room :( 
USERNAME i love you too :( i had fun with you  
USERNAME i feel like crap ! ! :( i won't be at work tomorrow 
me neither :( good thing we alleys get full credit 👍👌🙏 
USERNAME aww :( you're welcome . he still tried , and that says a lot . most people don't even want to serve . blessings to you & your family 
USERNAME USERNAME what the hell i would have gone :( 
USERNAME waah . this makes me miss my old man 😭 i wanna be hoome ! 
USERNAME unfortunately i can't do that anymore 😔 😔 😔 😔 lol 
my lil cousin mahji growin up ! he can say his abc's 😢 
i hate that ronderick asks where his daddy .... :-( 
#confessionnight i miss you , more than anything in this world ... 💔 😥 
after two weeks . i finally finished my fashion project . #accomplished #finally 😥 👏👍 
just knowing how this movie ends makes me so upset 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME awh :( i miss you guys soo much ! ! ! 
USERNAME uhoh .... he cheated on her ! ? ! :( 
soo , i got in trouble in school without even being there . #fml 
damn ! what i didnt want you to feel because it's not good for me 😓 💔 
USERNAME i miss you too ! :( ( merp . my bed is lonely 
what's it going to take for USERNAME to follow me ? i've tried everything :( #e3followspree 
i met you , and i was afraid to like you . i liked you , and i was afraid to love you . i love you , and now i'm afraid to lose you . </3 
USERNAME you might possibly trade him for me . considering i haven't seen you in like four months 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME we still need to plan the girls weekend ! ! we should all ask off a weekend during christmas break .. it's far tho :( 
the ciroc and amsterdam from last night has yet to leave me system 😔 
: :c ue collective gasp from females all over the country::” me neither ! 
i feel bad that i neglect my dog , but when i try to show her love she just runs anyway . #depressed 
at the animal hospital . my poor cat . he probably thinks this is torture :( :( :( 
sumbody hit me up i'm on the road bored 😢 😥 😧 
USERNAME dam . you must ain't got no hair then . 😔 lol 
not gunna let it bother me .... lol yeah its bothering me ): 
just seen the raider score -.- i wish we coulda tied ! :( 
USERNAME i know i'm in that circle ! super pissed i didn't get to see you lastnight #sadtweet 
that was definitely the saddest movie i've ever seen in my entire life 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ahh connor you cheated on me and USERNAME :( 
i hope i never forget my kids ... :( this movie makes me cry every time . 
USERNAME shh i thought i was gunna be home later 😒 😔 
USERNAME ugh , you guys need to speed up saving photos at full res via #vscocam — on an iphone 5, taking forever to save them all :( 
when USERNAME says no they all should be ugly to u . :( .. 
USERNAME babe i hope you know i can't see the emojis on twitter :( 
i wonder if danielle is going to call me tonight i know she missed me </3 
USERNAME at least you don't have a final tomorrow ! 😞 lol 
it break my heart when allie doesn't remember her husband or kids . 💔 
you say you get bread but your mama/daddy still have to pay for shit ! :( 
USERNAME i love them . i still don't have transit of venus </3 
USERNAME no . :( um . hmm . skins . 
watching my favorite himym episodes . such an amazing show ! too bad they are getting old :( 
USERNAME aww :( if i had medicine i'd give it to you 
yeah i know what it feels like to have a family member not know who you are ... ): 
#confessionnight i feel like i'm losing the closes people to me , and i really need them right now . 😢 
USERNAME i will miss your beautiful face tomorrow too :( try not to have to much fun at school without me . 
USERNAME i think that's when it's gonna hit me .. our little traditions won't be the same without you and your bumblebee :/ :( 
USERNAME im sorry baby :( i miss you so much it's not even funnyy 
i literally do everything for USERNAME and she is a bitch to me 24/7 😔 
USERNAME i am 😔 mostly because i haven't shot mine yet .. 
i keep looking at that picture .. i really want to have a nice flat tummy :( 
USERNAME oh i meant like i wish i could have my nails done in general ! starbucks doesn't allow it ... :( 
my sunday routine is amazing and i love but idk why i decide to be so productive on my day of rest 😔 
savannah tourney with the u17's , then state with my u18's . and that's all left for club . #sadtweet #clubsoccerproblems :( 
no matter how hard i try to teach kassie how to say yellow she says lello ! :( 
my dad sent me a picture of my moms home cooked meal .. i miss you real food 😭 
USERNAME broo i was so excited and you just shut me down 😔 
god please , if this is your plan please stop 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME they can't go back because then who would all the white girls fuck ? ! :( 
USERNAME and i am saddened that you didn't know my number anymore . #sadtweet 
i have the cutest sweater to wear tomorrow but it's so itchy :( 
i'm missing the notebook because of study hall 😔 💔 
my gf just called me slow <<< asshole , :( 
USERNAME uh yes ! i'm still soo freakin creeped out by it :( 
USERNAME nope we found a new employee :( shoulda dropped by and left an application 
to all the dudes who played me , eat your motherfucking hearts out 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME why y'all have to jump a nigga ? i'm helpless 😔 
USERNAME - u in the same boat im in .. im sickk ! # :( 
ben fell off the face of the earth i'm sad 😥 💔 
however , ace mad at me 😔 ' but i didnt do anything ! 
USERNAME you need to text me 😢 i need some cousin advice . 
my dog ripped my nose ring out :( holy crap that hurt ! 
USERNAME baby i went to cici's in da bronx , :( when have you free ? 
i think i'd be a good spider , people would be like :( 
USERNAME i know but i don't feel like going all the way there ugh . i'm really saad . 😔 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME i wanted to tag another mariah in this , but i don't follow one 😔 
someone call me and make my day .. please ): 
not looking forward to waking up super early to take my cousins to school but i have no choice 😔 😒 
watching my favorite childhood drama again . cant believe its 12yrs since i first saw i t.t ime flies n i still luv those days . 
i see all these tweets about the notebook and i haven't even watched the movie before . #sadtweet 
i am seriously beyond stresses out & in so much pain #notkidding #fml 
i think i'm about to go crazy ! how tf do you write the date in military format ? ? ? ? ! ! ? ! ? ! somebody tell me please :( 
who likes ur pictures and then unlikes it lol #sadtweet 
USERNAME i already gave them all to my friend kate ! ! 😥 😥 
USERNAME no promise it's horrible :( i was so sad . it wouldn't call and a bunch if other stuff . i'd wait until the bugs are worked out ! 
USERNAME haha hey there ;) did you not get my text againn ? :( 
this is a nightmare i swear it is ... 😔 
wow that talk i had with my uncle got to me ... 😞 he's right , he's always right , and he has lots of knowledge about life . 
i just wanna die my hair , but can't 😔 
i didn't push it i didn't complain and i didn't say nun 😒 💔 🙏 
i do not want to go back to campus yet . #wahh 😩 😢 😭 
wish he felt the same way , smh #sadtweet USERNAME 
i got a empty rillo with no weed :( #sadtweet 
so sad breaking amish is over 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
this sucks ! ! :( come on tuesday ! ! 
that feeling you get when ur so tired but can't stop thinking of that one person n don't wanna sleep ... 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME no timmy your fake ! ! you hurt my feelings :( jk lol 
USERNAME i work at 2 😭 but in down for the remate if you guys go early 
why do guys that look like ryan gosling only exist in movies # 😥 
USERNAME i'm upset with ypu until tomorrow ! ! ! :( 
sigh ... my psychology book just upset me horribly . i was reading about how diabetes is linked to alzheimer's . pretty upsetting stuff . :'( 
USERNAME wahh no more phone calls or pictures or anything :( <|33 
sweet jesus why ! ! i lost another follower . im running out of champers to spill ! ! 😢 
i'm about to go kick rocks cause i can't get any attention tonight 😔 🚶 
i wanna go to go see my baby el komander ❤ 😥 
look what i found 😳 😣 😷 USERNAME but that night>>>> URL 
just remembered if there was no lockout , zach parise would have came home to nj tonight and him and i would have been reunited 💔 😫 
i wish i could forget i ever met you . 💔 😭 
i just read online that coffee beans are endangered of extinction ... i'm sorry USERNAME 😭 😭 
i dont want to be old and wrinkley ! :( 
ugh , i really don't wanna start this essay . 😣 i've been avoiding it for 3 weeks already , now it's late 😒 
what is wrong with me ? ? feeling so shitty all weekend :( not fun . 
i need a sign right about now . big decisions to make ... 😑 😔 
USERNAME forever ! like 3 hours and i'm not even finished 😔 
three episodes left ? ! #boardwalkempire on USERNAME the good seasons always end too soon ! :( time for #homeland on USERNAME 
soo freaking tired all of a sudden ! ughh , way too much work to get done :( 
USERNAME unfortunately the only way they go away is resting your legs . :( it sucks ! or a lot of ibuprofen before practice ! 
seeing you have a text and hoping its from a certain person but then it's not <<<<< 😔 
just wait until wednesday . they will have to carry us out of the gym USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i came to say goodbye to will , den and conor (but he wasn't there 😞 ) a little before 8ish 
detroit lions make me very sad in pants #fml #fanproblems #notanotherteenmovieasiankid #detroitfans #detroitpride 
i miss the cell service in dallas ! 😢 #arkansasproblems #4gmyass #at &tfail 
my mommas always got me cryin . i miss her so fucking much 😔 😢 
i haven't been on a date in a while 😔 
so into watching the notebook , i didn't know 300 is on #depressed 
my life officially ain't shit ! pray for me man ! 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 😭 😭 😭 😭 
the only bad thing about after this nice hot bath is that i'm going to be really cold :( 
not talking to her all day , automatically leads to thinking she lost interest .. 😔 
USERNAME i miss you so much :( we need to catch up ! 
USERNAME and then you feel like you boutta die of hypothermia 😔 
my parents just got their nfr tickets , guess who didn't get one :( #me 
USERNAME i see how it is maddi :( #notnice #meanie #truetalk 
i'm never satisfied with my hair 😔 i just died it black & now i want it back brown with blonde in it 
it wont be the same without u tomoro morning USERNAME USERNAME :( #missingyou 
born to win with the brotherr ! ! dad your missing out . :( #bonding 
i kno now u dont love me the same 😒 💔 🙏 
#danielsharman , #coltonhaynes and #tylerposey . i'm ready for the next teen wolf , already ! #xfinity at least put up the old seasons ! </3 
i miss jaedeen 😭 😭 😢 😢 😢 😖 😪 
USERNAME my boy got locked up not to long ago to :( 
i'm super sad breaking amish is over . 😭 😢 😫 
USERNAME you never followed back on the gram ... 😔 😒 
black friday is only two weeks away and i don't have the money i wanted for shopping . #depressed #pissed #waah 
so sad a fantastic couple down the drain . :( (justin and selena) 
USERNAME idkk and my throat hurts too i'm like dying :( 
USERNAME crying more now . love you my best friendo . :'( 
trying to pretend i don't miss my boys already . :( 
i need someone that i can lean on ... #idontknow #whatisgoingon ? :( 
sobbing time .. ! i'm watching the notebook 😢 URL 
USERNAME that really sucks lol i would hate if that would happen to me :( lol 
USERNAME you right you right ! but the love in this movie 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i want that love 
i need to go get a massage .... :( i hurt . 
you know .. i'd prefer it if you killed yourself .. but we all dont get what we want sometimes :-( 
don't want anything to go wrong linda , porfavor no quiero problemas . :c 
i swear my parents never let me do anything 😔 
USERNAME about to walk on to the other side . 😔 
USERNAME i'm sorry ): i was watching a soccer game then i went to my aunts 
wow what the fuck everr 😡 😔 😒 😞 😣 😢 😪😩😫 😠 😕 
to think this is where it all started . too bad it had to end . #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME i heard we don't 😔 only because me and zach can drive and have fun and they hate us hahaha . #tagetittogether 
no guys are worth your tears and the ones that are wont make you cry 😢 
USERNAME :( sorry leesie . i’m surprised you’re not watching the notebook 
USERNAME poor baby :'( i took 4 advil and i still feel sick 
USERNAME i dunno ! 😞 i loved it there with the trees for shade ! 
USERNAME they don't have it on windows phone ): i hate having this nice piece of poop phone ! 
the fact that people don't know how to do there fucking jobs #fuckyoucableguy 😠 😣 
i'm gonna make sure to take my anxiety medication before the USERNAME concert lol i don't wanna freak 😔 
so i forgot my macbook charger at my dads #fml who wants to let me borrow their charger tomorrow ? #seriously #help 
USERNAME that's why i heard .... i'm nervous 😭 i don't wanna cry ! 
walking away that night was the hardest thing i've ever done . now it replays in my head like a nightmare and always makes me cry . 😔 😪 😥 😩😪 
i texted you babe ..... 😔 ” really ? lol 
USERNAME USERNAME :o will u order it for me and ill send u my address i don't have a credit card :( 
USERNAME i wasnt on my computer im sorry lol we didnt have our daily twitter convo :c 
#desmotivaque ... otra navidad sin nadie a quien abrazar ! v.v " 
when my girlfriend USERNAME won't text me back cause she's playing xbox ! ! ! :( <<<< 
need a back rub so i can go back to sleep :( #wideawake 
with becky , trying to get you off my mind/: i miss you like crazy </3 
, that tweet #oomf made , that said it all , no questioning that . ! <<<<<<<<<<<<< :( 
but no seriously why do i like you ? 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME lol no ! ! he just has crazy hair :( 
one thing i really hate ... presenting in class & i have two this week #fml #hateschool 
USERNAME omg ... hopefully someone will take up for me on here bc that really hurt my feelings brittany ! 😭 
who the fuck was on the other line :( ( noo i hate waiting a week 
when USERNAME can't wait to show me her new pants and tells me that they are purple ... #whatspurple 😞 
USERNAME love u bb . miss you already . :-( 
u tried to play me like a fool 😒 💔 🙏 
i get my phone back and no one texts me :( #sadtweet #wtf 
why can't my friends come over and spend time with me ? 😣 
USERNAME it’s about 28 photos , going on about 30 minutes now & it says it’s only 58% done . waay slow & eating the battery :( 
USERNAME yess must be i hate her bein like this :( ( 
, people that play w . my emotions , <<<<<<< that's that shit i don't like ! :( 
couldn't stay around thinkin u would learn to love 😒 💔 🙏 
your hearing rumors about me , and you cant stomach the thought , of someone touching my body . when im so close to your heart 💔 
i don't want to wait two weeks to see the next USERNAME 😭 😡 #revenge 
USERNAME alright lol and no :( i wanted to stay the fights were so good 
USERNAME i miss listening to you guys :( i live in colorado and there radio stations aren't as good as southern california's ! lol 
i just wanna talk on the phone w/ you 😞 
i loved u deep in my heart . 😒 💔 🙏 
when they show carrol middle school on the movie > #wishicouldabeenthere 😔 
USERNAME i mean right when i got this phone they came out with windows 8 & my phone can't update . all new apps are on windows 8 ): 
you owe me a visit ma'am USERNAME cause you were definitely a no-show at work today :( 
i think i might regret the fact that i just texted you ... 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME cheliinq bro aqkii secandome lo cabello pa ir pa la fuckinq skull :( 
USERNAME aww :( i'm sorry . good luck meow , think about our adventures tomorrow ! 
cuddling with roxy is not nearly as satisfying as cuddling with oomf is .. wahh 😔 
when you feel some type of way , but you're not allowed to say </3 
i should've known this wouldn't last long 😒 💔 🙏 
#confessionnight i have this bad habit of always checking out my ass in any mirror i see lol :[ 
stfu and just get me my cigarettes . i wish it was that easy :( 
that moment when you read something & makes every single part of your body feel like it's crumbling :( 
USERNAME i'm doing hw 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
nun can undo what you've done to me 😒 💔 🙏 
USERNAME shoot if i could i would ! i can feel myself getting sicker :( 
i'm posting sad tweets because i'm fucking hysterical right now . everything is making me sad and causing me to cry . sorry . #fml 
i have to give miss kitty back to her owner :( ((((( URL 
USERNAME this is the worst pain i've felt in awhile . 😭 
USERNAME lmaoo i was seriously just about to tweet something about this . i miss you to girlfriend 😘 💔 
feeling crappy goin to sleep with grams 😔 ✌ 😘 😴 
USERNAME no ! ! :( he's working ! ! ! he has two jobs so i dunno when i will get it -_- 
USERNAME it just kills ! and advils not helping either :( 
making a lot of bad decisions lately smh 😒 😣 
i wonder if he still mad at me :( it's been a week && two days man :/ 
i just need someone by my side in times like this #sad :( 
USERNAME can i borrow your apple i'd :( ? ! 
i'm so ready for him to come back home tomorrow , he's been gone since friday afternoon . :( #toolong 
USERNAME :( i want to see blue man group #havefun 
USERNAME tryna find a dutch lol ohh iight . an shit still workinn . :( 
USERNAME i would say save me one but that's doing too much being that i never see you 😞 
loved a great day with friends but wishing i napped at some point now :( goodnight world , monday awaits ! 
USERNAME USERNAME i really like a guy to i just can get him out of my head </3 
ugh , i'm so full i don't wanna be full anymore ): 
USERNAME for real but now i don't have a real motivate to go to san diego 😭 haha aren't you going for thanksgiving ? 
& made me drive thru the night from wi to ky to in & back to ky #fml 
USERNAME estoy triste muy triste , mi hombre no me quiere coger por la vagina . 💔 
USERNAME do you still live in morehead ? i miss you more :( 
and i just wonder when it will finally find me , since its seem to of found everyone else 💔 
USERNAME i'm scared for tomorrow :( hahaha where are we meeting again ? 
USERNAME im sorry :'( i hadnt knowdessed u had followed me d; and no uur not ! (/.\) 
USERNAME dude no one will see this movie with and it has made me sad . :( why didnt we hang out this weekend 
after that conversation i really got to go free ma mind smh 😔 
USERNAME it's not the full version . it's a trolled version :( 
i never realized how much i liked you until you found another girl 😢 
watched my girl and cried like a baby 😣 😭 😢 😩 
reminds me of mlg dallas . oh texas . :( 
school tomorrow after this 6daay weekend i'm good 👌 still don't feel like gettin up earlie :( 
my heart can't possibly break when it wasn't even whole to start with 💔 
i tried to put in my 9/16 tunnels and they wouldn't go in :( (((((( 
USERNAME maybe you can get USERNAME to watch it too ! 😔 
i'm in agony right now ! i feel sick and the internet here at work is down , so no USERNAME basketball . 😢 
i hate night like this . not tired . bored as fuck . just laying here thinking . and that's never good . 😞 😔 
#conefessionnight i hate the new disney channel . & yet i still watch it #fml 
USERNAME i'm never going to another game again 😔 smfh so depressed 
my heart ain't a brain but i think that i still love you ! 😔 😕 💔 
USERNAME najbolje iz posla izvlačim nekako , a sebe da izvučem nikako :( pozz , odoh na offduty . 
USERNAME 3 of them just passed . the next ones a day after thanksgiving but its in san jose this year :( 
i seriously don't know what i'm going to do with myself because i have to wait a whole year to play a sport with USERNAME again . 😢 
i hate when i get hungry at work cuz everything looks soo good :( but i gotta hold it in and eat my granola bars :,( 
can't retweet . twitter is so mean to me :( 
#confessionnight i miss my auntie like crazi ! ! :( 
damn this weekend is going by so quickly :( #slowdown 
USERNAME i know you need it ! ! ! aw lucky , i'm just in my room like a lonely :c 
i'm sore all over my body and i'm still feeling sick :( 
USERNAME yes . i was disappointed when he didn't 😔 
USERNAME you would put me on blast like that > :( 
😾 💨 cough , cough , cough ! ! ! 
i want a makiato straight up from vertigo :( #meep #missmacedonia 
USERNAME wahh :( miss you too ! wanna go black friday shoppingg this year ? 
USERNAME :( lo se , arregle eso , le hablo por dm . 
USERNAME ya i member that it was good ! and too hot . i miss u guys :( how's papa doing with the car ? 
holy shit i just remembered i have that jacket in my locker . ahh . it smells like you too .. asdfghjkl . i want that jacket now . :c 
USERNAME hahaha and i'm definitely kidding right now . you're fine ! i did miss you a little though :'( 
USERNAME where were u when the show just first started ! bandwagon fan ! and dale was that nigga :( 
#confessionnight idk about USERNAME , but these have been the longest & loneliest 14 days ever . i miss him 😔 
#confessionnight i want 2omf's but they taken :( i'm not gne pull nun dats wrong 
it seems so late , but it's not . 😞 #exhausted 
felt like it was me against rome ! ! 😔 
USERNAME me to ! ! ! ! ! my forever long dog past away :( 
this is a lot harder then i thought it would be .. wishing i wouldn't of slacked off all weekend :( 
im so hungry but idk what to eat . #sadtweet #fattweet 
USERNAME you must be a psychic .... 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME he's saying that he regrets moving on and shit and wants to be back with me . ): 
not looking forward to this week at all 😔 🔫 
wat i just saw broke my heart even more 💔 
it wasn't over . it still isn't over . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💏 
` pain makes you stronger , tears 😪💦 make you braver , a broken heart 💔 makes you wiser and alcohol 🍸makes you forget all bout that 👌 
i hope i don't have a lame ass birthday ! i lowkey feel i am 😔 
when USERNAME can tell i'm crying on the phone ..... 😳 😁 😢 #oh 
i want her back but idk if i can forgive her ... :( 
i wanna be a billionaire soo freakin' baad ... that way i don't have to get up at 5 for work 😭 rt if you sang the first part ! jk i get no rts 
i wrote you 365 letters , i wrote you everyday for a year ! 💔 
hi i'm jessica . and i'm addicted to parks & rec . 😔 
i just wanna give up , but i know that'd be my biggest mistake 😥 
it wasn't over . it still isn't over 😥 😥 😥 ❤ ❤ ❤ 💔 💔 
trynna do right by you got me here , now all i am is alone . 💔 
i heard littlestown is getting a pizza hut ? come on what about burger king or chipotle 😔 
i fucked up ........ bigg fuckin time :( ! #damn ! 
USERNAME no :( my mom freaked out and said no 
#confessionnight i just wanna make my mama proud . and i feel like i'm doing the opposite . 😔 
USERNAME i just realized that justin burner can't go tping with us cause he's at the ema's 😔 USERNAME 
i wished someone said they wanted to snuggle and cuddle with me :( lol 
i wish more than anything that i could have gone to lakeside this weekend .... 😔 my sister said it was amazing 
i think its time to slow down in the drinking department . spent over $200 last week alone . :( 
i am so embarrassed to be related to you 😔 😷 😭 
USERNAME that periodic table coloring thing and the other stuff :( its due tomorrow 
i parked at wooded way because i can't find my id . i walk to my building multiple bags in hand ... theres a front row spot . #fml 
USERNAME i could have swore she didn't die ! i thought t-dog told her to run 😔 
i still got the deepest feelings for my ex 😔 #confessionnight 
well USERNAME broke up with me and her and USERNAME kicked me and gavin out of chillin with them at youth group ! bad weekend :( 
my mom is annoying as fuck . e can't come over :( #dammit 
great ... im all alone and now the notebook is on 😒 😔 
#confessionnight i raw dogged before . 😱 😨 😫 😔 
i just want us to be happy . havent talked to my baby like that today #sadtweet . 
USERNAME keep an eye out for him :'( i need my baby to come back home ! 
wish i could wear my pajamas to school tomorrow 😢 
my parents made me miss the #fucking #walkingdead to do last minute #chores #fuckinggreat #fuckmylife #fuckschool 
who is on the phone , rick ? > :c #thewalkingdead 
leaving my #gramfam folks in jan :( will miss y'all .. but i will be back 4 sure 
USERNAME amen . i know exactly what you mean ! #sadtweet :( 
i want someone to write me 365 letters . :( 
USERNAME hahahahahah oh i wanted a bearded fuck to love me :( 
it's a shame that a relationship like the notebook will never exist in my world . because i've never been & never will be that lucky . 💔 
i don't know if im gonna be able to make it through this full week of school . #noo ): 
went to assembly and got red mango with zac ... both epic fails 😢 lol watching that's my boy then bed 💤💭☁🌜⭐🐐 
USERNAME hey kara im not in your group anymore 😳 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 
#confessionnight : me & my mama stay having disagreements , but no matter what . istill love ha ' she's my backbone 👎 😔 
i wish i had something for this headache 😔 my head is killing me 
bubbles wouldn't let me get a good picture of her ! 😔 
USERNAME jesus fuck . well love you & if you need me maybe we can train cooper to run back & forth from our houses carrying letters :( 
#rt if you ever cryed your self to sleep :'( 
USERNAME it wouldn't be long just a little nervous with how much work ill be having done :( 
the notebook is on .. gets me every time . 😭 
every time i let my guard down around you , i always end up getting hurt </3 #done 
USERNAME do you realize how long its been since we tweeted each other ! ? ! ! ? ! #sadday #missit 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME and the others i couldn't fit :( 
waking up to go pee & not being able to fall back asleep << #fml 
everyone pray 😔 my kitty got ran over and he's in the animal hospital and idk if he's gonna make it 
love when my bf calls but makes me miss him ten times more 😔 #comehomeplease 
the end of the weekend is near ! :( (@ barcodes) URL 
can i go back to last night ? no ? okay :c 
USERNAME this guy has been making to money a's in obama's math class :( lol stupid fun ! 
dogvergnügen (dawg-feh-gnu-gen ): the unique joy you feel in the presence of dog 
i just hope all my retro's come back out cause i gave all the kids my j's 😔 
this movie makes me miss USERNAME soo much more than i already do 😔 
USERNAME that's why i figured but i was still like what in the world ? ! ? can it be next sunday yet ? :( 
i dont wanna get up at 5:40 tomorrow . :( 
mirror mirror on the wall , please make me , pretty , thin , and tall . </3 3 
USERNAME alright i guess ...... i haven't seen you in forever 😔 
damm court on tuesdayy 😵 😡 #jailtime #probation #alldat #fml #ohwell #fuckthelaw 
USERNAME i know ! 😁 ill be lonely without my nae 😢 mom wants me to keep the may move in date but i just need to get gone already lol 
all these confessions are really making me feel lonely af 😔 #thesinglelife ✌ 
#confessionnight i don't like her at all just because she has a chance with you . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME .. spoilers . the both of you . :( 
#confessionnight i'm scared to tell you how i feel 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME haha yeah kelvin is the worst filter 😉 i sometimes use dslr photos , but i haven’t been recently 😞 
no .... i would go above and beyond for that boy </3 
just made a buncha pizza rolls but my stomach feels like shit .. idk if i can eat them :( 
USERNAME ohh , it sounds like you like himm . ): 
i can't afford to lose what means the world to me ... my heart would be in a million pieces :( teequan tania dari darnell tatyana <3 
this is not normal , i never get headaches 😥 
USERNAME i'm just dirtyy minded t times . 😕 😣 #mybad 
USERNAME i need to repent to jesus ! 😁 😔 👼🙏 
is it bad that i think michelle williams doesn't deserve a man as awesome as jason segel ? 😞 
i always cry my eyes out everytime i watch spider-man when uncle ben dies 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME it's so depressing 😔 i'm not okay with it . 
USERNAME haha probably . i have no money at the moment :( 
don't tell me you luv me tell me you love me ! 💔 
the notebook ... i wish i had a girl , i could take in my row boat to where little ducks are :'( 
#confessionnight : i overplay songs when i'm obsessed with them 😔 
my grades are good , i was so freakin close to a freakin 4.0 that damn b 😔 
wela is making me picker her up at 1030 tomorrow which means i have to wake up early 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
o this is lovely my side has a sharp pain when i breathe :( #notcool 
noah and allie make me so happy 😭 😭 ❤ 
USERNAME still going strong ! lmao sad i didn't get to say bye bye :( 
i can't wait until college . no matter where i go , i need to get out of this small town . 😔 😕 
USERNAME lol , this my first time tweet watchin , 😔 , im quit tho ' 
i need someone . i held jabril down , he pushed me away :( 
my phone just went physo and called everybody that i have messages from . #fml sorry if you got a call lol 
that moment when you wish you could take what you said back ..... </3 
my moms not buying me a xbox for christmas 😔 😣 😣 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
and just like that- i've been replaced by a shopping cart . 😔 
did you hear that ? it was my heart breaking 💔 
i miss summer :( i miss seeing the people i always used to see that i rarely see anymore 
i just wanna go to school tomorrow for ball practice , but it's at 4:15 :( #pcssproblems USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME miss you to ! and i know ! :( 
chargers keep loosing their games :( let's step it up san diego 
“USERNAME #tootrue ... 😔 URL rt ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME i know i'm seriously so excited . i get so anxious sometimes haha but he's only home for 2 weeks :( 
USERNAME completely forgot about the allied health test tomorrow ! what's it over ? ? 😳 🔫 #fml 
i've been spending the last 8 months , thinking all love ever does , is break and burn and end . 💔 
USERNAME i ordered a cherry-sprite today and you know what wasn't in it ... ? :( 
just gotta find a girl that can sit through a meal with me without being disgusted by me :'( 
USERNAME lmfao ! the fact that youre laughing at my pain is a problem lmao . 😣 
USERNAME so i saw the trailer for the last episode of #icarly it looks soo sad :'( 
me and USERNAME never did finish our connect four game 😔 
USERNAME i caught my rabbit , and he hates me , obviously 😔 
i'm sorry 😞 i won't do whatever i did again :c lol 
i will be so sad if the world ends i don't wanna die 😔 
USERNAME everyone is quoting th notebook but i don't know what's going on , i feel like a loser 😔 😞 😒 hah 
USERNAME your tweeting every second but won't tweet me back . 😳 i feel the love . 💔 
hate wearing socks in bed ! ! ! 😣 😖 
USERNAME haha but i did it on that last arabian thru to double .. i was so dead 😣 
i have to spend thanksgiving with the most boring family i know . its only gonna be me cause my sister's gonna work . #fml 
USERNAME smh u see how u be forgettn bout me :-( 
heartbreaks are the worse thing in the world . nobody can fix them , but the person that won't fix them 💔 . 
my weekends seem to go by too so fast 😔 
USERNAME tomorrow ! we need to hangout because i miss you 😭 
USERNAME yes he is tyler . come get me :( 
USERNAME wahh 😭 i want one so bad ! i found 3 i fell in love with . 
#confessionnight .. i don't think i've really made peace with the whole situation with my dad ... 💔 
it really sucks falling for your bestfriend because it's double as bad when you don't work out 😔 
i wish i was with my boyfriend tonight :( #wishfulthinking 
USERNAME USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 you're suppose to be my best friend forever and ever and ever 
srsly hav had dee cray-ziest f-ing weekend ... sadly its time to check back in to reality and do homework :( 
USERNAME omg same ! for like 99¢ hahaha i can't figure out how to play it from the iphone tho :( 
USERNAME damn wendy . why can't you just be an optimistic thug princess for me :( 
that awk moment when your best friend favorites one of your tweets but hasn't texted you back . . . 😒 😞 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME th edmodo bitches ! that was due friday . fuucxk i only did half of it :( ( 
USERNAME :( i missed yours too ! i need to see your face soon ! ! 
its probably because i went outside with my shirt off and bare foot . :( 
my dad insist's on not taking the highway while driving to dekalb #savetollmoney #fml 
#confessionnight i take everything to heart . not always a blessing . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME what the heck ? ! liam better be on the back :( 
USERNAME nahh v.v ill shuttup lol i dont got no more confessions anyways . 
i can't listen to music all day .. sadly , after too much , my head starts to hurt . 😔 
my life hasnt been the same since me and my iphone broke up :'( 
USERNAME lmao im mad that they lied to me > :( 
USERNAME i've been good ! you just never hmu :( 
i really need to stop thinking about all the bad things could happen .&think positive; it's the only thing that's gunna keep my mind clear . 😞 
finally i can lay down and relax ! my back is killing me 😞 
i haven't got a goodnight text in a while . #sadtweet 
USERNAME i have been living under a rock ! damn i miss you ! :( 
one text can just ruin your day , even week . 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i wouldn't have to be this way if you weren't so mean ): 
USERNAME dammit ur right . my dad does love beef ... poor poor mom :( 
rachels making fun of my sex hair on snap chat :( #itsmessyiknow #boouwhore 
USERNAME not my fault :( phones are aggy *_* & hell yea ! ! we needa get a crew and hit up the movies ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm going during christmas 😭 
USERNAME oh ... yeah your right . :'( no fair 
USERNAME is gonna hate me for the news i have to tell her on tuesday ... 😓 😧 😶 😕 👎👎👎 
USERNAME you won't always have my back 😞 *kicks rocks* 
#confessionnight i'm prolly the worst person to be on a volleyball with .. i have such a temper and i snap at my teammates sometimes :( 
USERNAME well we need to change that ! ! :( and make it a 💙 
i got a glass of water , it was at room temp , i left for 2 mins , i car back and its colder than a penguin juggling icecubes while its snowing :( 
coming home for thanksgiving ! ! ! ! ! ! #wahhcrying #soohappy #cantwait 😭 💗✈ 
girls are funny i know so much that'll have bitches like 🙀 and niggas like 😾 😬🙈 but u kno i'm not like that 🙋 
i haven't seen USERNAME in like a week :'( #withdrawals 
USERNAME so upsetting :( and i don't feel like anything really happened in this episode , i did not enjoy it 
#confessionnight i never wish death on people but tonight some really cruel cruel things :( god forgive me ! 
about to take this pain killer , my shoulder is killing me ! ugh ! 😔 
friday i was on the punishment list for soccer and it sucked 😭 
this waiter is making fun of the fact that i cannot talk . that is not very nice sir .. :-( 
car rides suck ! i miss my sissy and babies already ! :( 
[] [][][][][][][][][][][] look emojis ! just kidding . there just brackets . :'( 
miss the good ol days .. #sadtweet USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
or colder than my soul e_e wait ..... that sounds horrid :( 
USERNAME lucky . jerm doesn't even want a tree :'( 
USERNAME they said no .. :( i even trie the cry card ! ! ! ! why don't they fall for that ? ! 
hard to keep overlooking something just because you don't want a fight :( 
well my straight through double today is now over ! busy busy day 😣 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( i miss all of you guys ! im coming to a tourny ! 
i hate the mom for hiding the letters from noah to allie . 😔 👊 #thenotebook 
USERNAME i can't believe stupid people actually voted for him instead of the sweet bobby ): 
not looking forward to saying goodbye to boobie tomorrow 😢 🐶 #bestfriend #lovehim 
if i'm seriously getting sick right now i'll cry ): 
USERNAME you put words to exactly how i feel . :( 
#confessionnight sometimes i wish i could go back in time and change things and spend more time with you ! 😔 #forgiveness 
USERNAME u no how we do out we be bustin at fuck nixxaz nd we always been t.t . g these hoes acting up 
really worried about when mitt romney jokes won't be topical anymore :( 
i hate school and i quit . 😲 🔫 😥 
omg what network is the notebook on . ? :( 
my new apartment is missing one thing . my boyfriend .... :'( 
hate leaving my boyfriend and dog every weekend 😞 lawlz 
such a perfect day <3 too bad it has to end :( thank you bae <3 USERNAME 
how much can one person take .... cause i'm about to my breaking point :( 
when people know nothing about soccer but yet they call out the ref 😒 😣 😠 
i swear you will never know how it feels to be loved 💔 
USERNAME amen 😔 i hope this weeks a better week ! 
so many good shows and movies on tv tonight , but so many other things to do 😔 
USERNAME hello , nae just told me you came to my house and i wasnt home 💔 
i can't get past 156 followers :( twitter is wack . back to facebook 
#confessionnight i didn't even get a birthday cake for my 16th birthday and it really upset me :( 
USERNAME come move in with me , your baby sister cares about you so so much & misses you more than anything . 😔 💔 😘 
USERNAME i'm tired of itt & the bleach ruine my hair ): 
well as soon as my roommates friends leave ... 😔 
USERNAME ohh i see how it is . cool . we're not friends anymore .✋🙅 you don't love me . 💔 
i honestly can't take it feeling like this anymore . it feels like a dark cloud is hung over me . :( 
yeah 😔 rt USERNAME USERNAME knowing you aint worth the truth .. well thas if you ask me . 
my ass is gonna have to go back to school . #thatsthatshitidontlike 😔 😞 😩 
i just wanna call and tell what's happening and i can't because you wouldn't even care .. 😔 
USERNAME totally understandable , sorry we don’t chat as often 😔 i’ll try to ! ! 
USERNAME happy birthday , sweet girl ! ! you think you feel old ? i feel really old ! ! :( 
all my friends are either sick , doing family shit , or mormon . #homealone #fuckthisimgoingskateboarding #probablynot :( 
i wanna hide my head as a eagles fan ..... :( dallas 38 eagles 23 f .... URL 
USERNAME jangan la menyampah . kita kan kawan baik :( 
USERNAME :( i'm sorry . everything will get better . eventually . ❤ 
my porkie birthday tomorrow & i so sad he not here 😥 
goddamn it big bang is where i was basically 24hrs ago sjcidjdkskckskdkdkfkjjs god hates me 😭 😱 😩 💔 😿 😵 😧 😦 
i'm just kidding , my phone won't let me sleep . 😔 😒 
my brother won't be home for thanksgiving or my birthday . 💔 i want him to come home ... now . 😞 
the big band theory isn't on 😔 damn you tbs 
USERNAME i try 😢 pe really works me out hard , you wouldn't understand . 
USERNAME i meant i'm the winter hater ! today was perrfect and warm ! but it looks like you will get your way with the snow soon :( haha 
completely forgot about the spanish vocab due tomorrow 😔 😔 
USERNAME i cant do that :( it wouldnt make sense ... im watching it lmfao 
this time last week i was with USERNAME in cali :( 
watch no one double tap lol 😔 😢 @ boredville URL 
it's 37 degrees in my house right now because no one has been home , i can see my breath . 😣 ❄ 
USERNAME ally girll ! i miss you ! 😔 schools awesome , it's hard but it's pretty cool , and nc is nice i just miss being up north ! 
missing dexter tonight with my love , but i don't wanna leave :'( 
se me enojo USERNAME porke no fui al baile con ella otra vez :( lol 
the big bang theory isn't on ! 😔 damn you tbs 
USERNAME i wish you were going :( if i go in january i should have the apartment done an open may cant promise that 
brought all my baseball stuff in for the winter . when it dawned on me . it's gonna be a long winter :( #sadtweet URL 
isaiahs such a mommas boy but as soon as my sons dads mom comes around he only wants her :( i feel dissed lol 
i say the most vicious things when im angry 😔 #madatmyself 😡 
i just seen the name kemondre on my tl & now i'm sad :'( i miss my big brother mane . i love you dre : * 
its impossible to fall asleep when you are sick and always uncomfortable . #fml 
i used to ride shotgun but i think it's too soon still . i remember when my dad would call me his favorite copilot 😞 
seriously fuck everything . i'm so tired of everyone 😢 😡 
USERNAME i love you ! sorry about that .... i feel really bad 😥 😭 👎 💔 
who wanna right mr crouse essay for me ? :( 
#mydream to be USERNAME 's one less lonely girl . just one time , pick me ! 😔 
USERNAME it's okay , just don't let it happen again > :( 
USERNAME the only vowels are a , i , and the y’s . :( 
i thought i was gonna facetime with my gf . USERNAME :c 
USERNAME USERNAME yo desde el movil no piedo :( ((((( 
taylor swift is like in my mind right now . 😔 
watching the last song . the tears come down in 3, 2,1 😢 😪 
USERNAME imf what a horrible statistic and and even more terrifying reality ! :( 
USERNAME it fell out sometime yesterday and when i woke up it was already closed up :( (( 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ): this sucks ! 
#confessionnight i am never good enough for anyone . everyone always loses interest in me 😔 
i haven't talked to twinny in forever USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
oh good . cutler has not come out of the locker room . just what we needed to hear #fml don't fail us now campbell #snf #gobears 
i've been doing work all day but it doesn't feel like i made any progress 😔 👎 #somuchtodo #solittletime 
USERNAME but it's your birthday ): lol but okay ! ! ! then we can get ready to go outt ! ! 
USERNAME :( love you , if i need anything let me know 
being forced to stay up to do homework ... i hate you teachers 😡 😭 😴 
the fact that USERNAME is crying while watching big daddy is heart breaking :'( 
USERNAME hey hey hey u have ur bd begging for u i have to beg for mine 😔 
i wanna go to the #2050 tour :'( ( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME i want to cry now . i want him . 😥 
USERNAME uggh .... i forgot to remind you . :( 
#ripkiki another belieber we lost to cancer . stop </3 & this is kind of weird , since that's my name . a little odd . 
USERNAME just had a mini freak out because i realized i won't see you tomorrow :( but have an amazing first day at your new job ! ! <3 
USERNAME ur crackin . me the hell up with ur tweets lmao 😭 
idk what i did to my shoulder last night but damn it's fucked up ... 😭 😩 
when i don't know what to say , i just agree . 😔 
wish he would call so i could actually talk to someone today .. 💔 
should prolly go to sleep soon since i have classes tomorrow :( 
th worst part about this iphone is when i text girl i never get a text back ... i guess i don't have 3g when they text back #fml 
#confessionnight i really wish oomf lived in the same county . 😔 
sociology is impossible . too bad i need this extra credit . #fml 😑 
USERNAME i told you to come to me ! ! but noo . :( 
USERNAME i'm getting old , man lol and i've got more and more unfinished games behind me ... :( 
USERNAME USERNAME well , if didn't have to travel so much it wouldn't have happened . 😔 
starting to sink in that my brother moved to florida yesterday ..... #sadtweet 
USERNAME not even deserving of a tag anymore .... :( #crying 
USERNAME i see a couple of other upset people . i'm scared :( ( 
dammit ! ! ! ! now i need 60 more dollars ! ! ! 😩 😢 #brokeass 
i wanted her to be happy with me/4 me . :( 
it's around that time of night where i'm sitting here wondering if my cousin is alive or not 😔 
USERNAME i pay for amazon prime . is it streaming for free with prime or do i got to pay ? 😞 
USERNAME 21 today and you have dodgeball and have to babysit ... im disappointed . #sadday 
USERNAME i miss yeww ! i can't remember the last weekend we hung out :( 
USERNAME omg it's my favorite movie ! :( why doesn't that exist anymore . i'm not settling for anything less ! 
😔 “USERNAME wow 😳 rt USERNAME 😕 rt USERNAME x______x rt USERNAME 
:( rt USERNAME what is happening ? ? ? ? URL 
USERNAME well i was gunna say nov 21 rrb in uvalde but i won't be there :( 
i've been so tired all day & now its time to sleep and i can't #toomuchonmymind 😔 
the notebook is forever ruined for me . :( great ... 
and the only way we could talk was by text . like what happen .. :( ((( 
the days of being comfortable are gone . :( #wah 
USERNAME 😱 😱 😱 i'm telling ! you jerk 💔 😢 
USERNAME lol girl shut up you are gorgeous omfg i'm jealous :( 
i always have so much faith in people and then get let down . 😞 
USERNAME jus stressed out . annoyed . aggravated . ugh :'( 
i don't know what i'm gonna do about music for saturday :( 
2 chainz: me: *wipes a tear* that was some deep ass shit , man .. 😭 
step on my feelings and i'll squash yo ass . 🙅 😭 
😭 😭 😭 😭 rt rt rt rt rt USERNAME words can't express how bad i want to go back to 8th grade and stay there forever . 
i feel like i haven't seen USERNAME in years . ): 
ouuch i'm in so much pain 😣 i know i'm gonna be sore af tomorrow . i can feel it #cheerprobzz 
USERNAME aww i cant ! :( i only read updates 
having to many emotions going on at once . 😣 #frustrating 
#confessionnight i feel worse about myself thanks to oomf 😔 
#conefssionnight i am absolutely afraid of clowns ! :( 👎👎👎👎 
it kills me everytime my little cousin asked me can i come with you and i have school , 😔 love my ladybug 💜 
USERNAME i shall give up now 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME USERNAME 
i love her so much ! 3 days seeing her is never enough ): im gonna miss her with all my heart </3 #364miles #aftoboise #toofar 
i've had a long day .. i need a massage 😣 . 
USERNAME oh .... well that not what katelyn said ... #imsorry #forgiveme # :( 
USERNAME awe pooh ill be at boot camp then :-( 
USERNAME was nice to have everyone together ... even with the rain and loss :( 
i can't watch the notebook while USERNAME is in alaska ... i miss him too much 😔 #depressionmode 
i'm having a withdrawal from my bestfriend ! she needs to get ungrounded , december 1st needs to come faster 😔 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME we have school :( i'm off sat too ! ! ! 
seriously want a flat top haircut . hahah hair isn't long enough doe :( 
she said ... 😦 #damn @ lerner health and wellness center (gwu) URL 
all because the amp i had to take my meds . :( 
USERNAME but but jade don't do me like that 😥 
got a feeling #oomf not over there ex :( , ehh .. 
damn school ! ! ! :( stupid test first hour .. #ruinedmyplans 
falling asleep to the song the last kiss .. #sadtweet 
i want all my friends home from college 😩 😔 
USERNAME i didn't met her i'm from new york but i didn't see her :( 
USERNAME it sucks :( thanks tho ... oh & uhmm what's this i hear you're hanging out with USERNAME tuesday & not me .... #sweet 
spending thanksgiving by myself for the first time ever 😔 😔 
mahal gd :( kung icompare sa pesos </3 pero worth it naman 
making strawberry milkshakes at work ! ! wish we were actually busy ! ! :( #lame URL 
i need texting buddies 😫 dm your numbers :[ <3 3 
i've never felt so alone till now , but i guess i have to learn to deal with it 😔 
USERNAME girl im sorry ): but listen you will find someone that will love you , call you beautiful because you are , think you're 
USERNAME i deleted it do uu hate me now :( 
example # 1, when i think of how fast my nieces are growing . 😢 
watching all these love movies makes me sad because i will forever be alone . #sadtweet 
pop a molly n go make friends at 711 rt USERNAME i'm bored and nobody likes me 💔 
USERNAME hell no this niggas here lame ! ! ! 😢 
lets see if i can actually sleep . 😞 ughh stupid nose 
USERNAME lol shit i wish ! i cant come til christmas ! :( but imma probably cook some good ole southern food for me and some teammates ! 
this car is going way too fast for the road conditions ... i'm seriously scared but dude won't listen to me :( 
USERNAME haha i know i'm scared they are gonna be really upset ... 😢 
i wonder if you realized i wore make up to look pretty for you today .. 😔 
the affordable care act is a bureaucratic hot mess . i'm all for good health care but i don't think this law is the answer . 😔 
example # 2, thinking of how old my dad is .... 😢 
i want to see my grandma i miss her 😔 
USERNAME i know :( i just want the best of both worlds lol 
USERNAME you never texted me back you fucker . :'( 
USERNAME giants should've beat cinci , jets should've beat the seahawks ! :( 
USERNAME you fat headed fuck ! ! ! > :( 
USERNAME about to go sleep got work in am ! ! knowing i don't wanna go :( 
there is no such this as a for people under 21 in a . c :( #theblow 
USERNAME oh no ! already had a cringeworthy moment that i had to cover my eyes for 😣 so good though 
i always see the finest boys . when i'm driving the raggediest car -.- #fml 
yeah , a relationship like the notebook would be nice but one like the titanic would be better . except jack dying :( (( 
i think i'm going to miss the play off game this week :( 
night 1 with david gone (._.) i hate being home alone :'( 
example # 3, when i think about rapists . 😱 😥 
ugh i feel horrible . 😞 why why why ? 
my dad just told me that he hurt not only my mom , but me too .. #stop :( 
just cried cause there's a huge ass spider in my room and now i can't find it 😳 😩 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME estamos llamando pero suena puro ocupado . :( :( 
#confessionnight i used to spend like everyday with USERNAME i miss the old days ): 
USERNAME USERNAME omg star clann ftw ! i miss everyone :( 
when USERNAME tells me i cant eat until i finish my paper </3 
i . wan t.t hat . jacket . naoow . :c #mylifesucks #gimmethatjacket #fml #poop 
i've had an iphone for 6 months now and have yet to facetime anyone . #lame 😔 
i feel like i just cough up a lung :( fuck this cold . 
USERNAME nope i didn't kno she was in new york :( (((( 
whoa 😳 rt USERNAME #confessionnight i am one of the best twerkers in the city of dallas 😔 
making notecards to study is so time consuming ! ! 😞 
USERNAME i know diets start tomorrow but i have tons of shepherds pie left . :-( 
i so wanted an ipad mini until i read the reviews . :-( 
today didn't go as planned at all . 😩 😒 😥 oh well . there's always next time . 
super tired ! ! ! ! baby needs to get home pronto ! ! ! 😔 
i remember when i had 2 sisters i was so close with and could tell anything to them . i would do anything for them to be my sisters again .. ): 
so my dad sent me this picture and he's in brazil and words cannot describe how jealous i am 😭 😞 😒 URL 
one day , i'm going to actually open up and sing to someone . i'm soo shy tho 😔 
s/o to USERNAME for being really cute &never texting me anymore . ): you should really change that ! he cool&is nice , sometimes .(; 
USERNAME USERNAME saame ! when can i see you guys ? ! :( 
my aunt just offered me her condo in la for a weekend as a gift , she knows a can't fly out till january 😫 😭 
walking dead took a turn for the ugly 😒 i don't like ... #walkingdeaddaughter #walkingdeadfight 😣 
i showed my dad this and he said no :( ((( 
i want sweet & cute messages .... ): #singleprobzz #foreveralone 
it's drives me crazy how in the notebook they always try to get allie to go for the successful guy instead of the one she truly loves 😁 💔 
USERNAME poop . ): okay , ill see you tuesday . ! 
follow USERNAME ladies . he'll followback . he 50 followers :( 
USERNAME i wish i knew 😭 😭 😭 carly brought them for me . i think walmart ! 
almost got in the shower with my socks on #fml 
USERNAME you're already watching it ? ! you bitch ! haha 2 more hours for me ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i wanna meet you guys at the whataburger in seagoville 😔 
well long story short i blew out at a 1/2in for being stupid and skipping 7/16ths and only being at 00 for two days ... now at 16g :'( #gauges 
USERNAME ohh yeahh ! hmm and my car no tabaja :( 
i can't watch the notebook tonight because i will bawl my eyes out . 😔 
ooh my bitch , i miss you already baby :( 
thats what brought me and last bestfriend apart tho 😢 
#confessionnight alot of people are scared of me 😢 why tho ? 
i really need people to play halo 4⃣with me 😔 no ones playing right now 
i feel as though my stomach is about to burst . ate too much mcds 😣 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 whatever live it up in the fall ya dig 
i really wish i had the science channel ... :( #firefly 
USERNAME how come i didn't get this bowl of gorgeous on me :( 
i'm not texting you back because i'm trying to forget about you like you forgot me #sadtweet 
my cousins get to sit in the sky box to watch the bears play . why can't i ? ! ? ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
#confessionnight trust me at your own risk , i'm only gonna break your heart , 😔 
out of nowhere i smell it . i taste it . and i start fenning for it like bad . #marijuana #fml 
tonight was my me night and now i'm at walmart 😥 
USERNAME no :( school is stupid we should all just be uneducated . 
like woahmy gondge . and my papers her out at the exact same time . what does is mean ..... ? hmm .. #smokemeout . had he stash long time . go :-( 
USERNAME lol . you have no idea . it gets bad . :( 
i have to see my cousin USERNAME next week ... #fml 
USERNAME was up with you wyd tho chase ! ! to me it seems as if you don't like me :( 
USERNAME aww and now im gunna watch it by myself :c 
bitch got a man 😧 but she scheming on the low 
i'm tired of caring so much about what people think about me . i'm done . 💔 
r . i . p . bailey you were my favorite birthday present ever and you were a great cat . love and miss you little guy ! 😿 💔 
i jus thought u cared but u really don't i see 😒 💔 🙏 
USERNAME im just kidding too d; i know u were playing ^~^ and im kkiddng :( ur a trill ass niggu c: 
#confessionnight my relationship with my mom is falling apart , while my dad lives 2 states over & hasn't talked to me in 4 months #sucks 😔 
USERNAME miss you .. it seems like were #notsoclose ): #dislike 
USERNAME oops spelled that wrong watching football and tweets at same time ! so sad about the schools :( 
my dad called me a bitch for no reason 😔 
#confessionnight i miss my grandpa everyday and i talk to him every night before bed . i wish i had one more day one more goodbye #sadtweet 
USERNAME you don't say hi to me anymore ): lol 
USERNAME lets hope not .. :c lilly seriously why did you do it ? i stopped for you , for very few people that actually meant something 
so my dog tried to get in the oven while i was taking the cookies out and i ended up burning myself ... 😔 
USERNAME read it ! it's really good but noah continuously makes me sad 😥 
can't wait to just get out work , and crawl into my bed ... worst mood ever 😔 
just realized the world is supposedly ending in a little over a month 😦 
my room mate is for reals smashin some persian chick in the living room . cant go to the kitchen for snacks right now . #trapped #fml 
USERNAME so far so good . you ? how was the script ? i miss heat :( 
i can't believe i missed the walking dead tonight 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME haha yes ! there is so much suspense you've missed ! ! ! ! :( 
limping because my boyfriend rebroke my knee :( #crippledprobs ❤ 😘 
USERNAME stop being negative thats not the brian i kno 😔 
my baby has gone missing . :( he has orange hair & feckles . (kidding) but i can't live without him , #william #comehome URL 
USERNAME finally home ! didn't have good cell reception :( did u have fun ? indiana jones ride still down ? ? 
USERNAME ugh ! i can't find any movies that look good :( 
the fact that there's not an h&m in the woodlands 😳 😭 #deprived 
i can have another u in min 😒 💔 🙏 
i really miss my best friend USERNAME #comehome #toofar 😪 💔 
i'm actually starting to get bored of the blonde tips in my hair 😔 
in a couple weeks i can say bye bye to parties #sadtweet 
USERNAME lol i got so upset cause all my black folks are huge and y'all be playing rough and don't see me there so i end up hurt to 😥 
why does nike take 4 weeks to ship ? ? 😔 
USERNAME i have so much shit too tell you ): omgeesh 
USERNAME ill be in the back *me goes to the back * *beau on stage* :( sorry USERNAME . can you atleasr reserved her beau 
darn , i just realized him and won't have the same lunch time this week ): 
outta all the people who left my life , there's only one 2 that i miss 😞 #toomuchpridetoevertextthemthough #wewillneverbefriendsagain #sad 
#confessionnight im sick of having i wanna have it :'( 
USERNAME same :( i just want it to be spring already 
well i'm sad ): USERNAME my mom said that she would take me to the jingle ball , but its to far ... )': i really want to go ! 
#confessionnight #oomf showed more feeling and affection when we use to talk :( it worries me 
i wish i had a friend with an iphone so we could have pointless conversations using a ridiculous amount of emojis 😢 
josh rand - wake up (beat prod . by eli . miles)(prod . by ghudd ): URL via USERNAME #wakeup USERNAME 
the notebook was our movie though .. :( #bringmeback #please 
USERNAME i know i seen :( (((( it came to soon i just found out like yesterday lol i want to see him again soo bad/: 
looks like this night is going to suck .. 😔 
i just lost the two most important people in my life 😢 😭 💔 
USERNAME as sweet as that is of you , i'm looking for a large body of water that's at least 100 degrees 😔 
USERNAME noo that's the one i want ! ! ! ! > :( 
#confessionnight i hate when people fall asleep on me ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i literally just realized who & what that song is about ! :( 
yesterday i was called a aka none athlete regular person .... it hurt my feelings :( #sesitive 
#confessionnight its been 4 months since i had some ! ! ! ! :-( sad case 
40 down . 85 to go . i can do this 😥 🔫 
this is the best part of the notebook 😢 😥 😭 #losingit 
USERNAME why can't i do nothin right i ruin everything i'm sorry babe :( i love you with all my heart 
watching this episode of #rhom is making me wanna cry with USERNAME dog 😢 😢 
USERNAME hahaha not to you , butt on that note yeah why you too 😥 
USERNAME i miss the old him ): now he is buff and smokes &wears work out clothing and only cares about football &doesn't listen to our music 
#confessionnight wish i knew what made you mad at me :'( 
USERNAME lol me either iam bored a'f & all these slow luv songs keep playin that only u lik ... i miss my babyy 😭 
#confessionnight for once in 3 years , i'm the single loner of my family :( #hateit #itsucks #fml 
wanting him to feel the same about you #fallingapart :'( 
the fact that its 50 bucks just to apply to colleges . and i'll only end up going to one . 😦 🔫 
USERNAME i have to wait for season 3 to come on netflix 😔 😔 😢 haha 
aww my baby USERNAME <3 he looks so sad :( bc he left #mqb :( my babby . im sad too , your a winner bobby ! my favorite dancer <3 
USERNAME omg no i wish charlemagne was mine :( (((( he's actually USERNAME 's ! :'( 
USERNAME hahaha ! ! i knoo . i'm sad ab it :( 
sometimes i feel like i have no one , and that is the worst feeling known to man . #sadtweet 
but what did she do ? it's all you“USERNAME i'll cal the police on her rt USERNAME USERNAME your roommate will report though :( 
packing up for travel day tomorrow while watching fantasy factory saddened at not seeing USERNAME in this episode :( 
USERNAME USERNAME no ... you hung up on us :( 
rt "USERNAME miss you :( USERNAME te extraño maas ! muaah 
i want a new stuffed animal . but not just any one . i want to go to build-a-bear so bad :( 
i don't understand why you do this to me . i don't deserve this , especially right now . :( 
i wish i knew a thing or two when it came to school .. 😳 😣 
USERNAME i will probably go and just sleep over ! i miss ya :( 
sundays just aren't the same without it being 'sunday funday' ... 😥 
i wish i could change everything about myself 😢 😔 😓 
USERNAME i sit by myself . there are only 2 lines and everybody goes to them . it's like the cash only line at both of them :c 
USERNAME shit ! ! hope you get meds & seen to soon , how did you break it ? :( 
USERNAME stole my chapstick and now my lips are all chapped 😔 😒 
outta everyone who left my life , i only miss 2 😞 #toomuchpridetotextthem #itwouldneverbethesameanyways #sadstory #ohwell #cdpn 
if only i could talk to girls like ryan gosling #smooth .... 😔 looking like him wouldn't hurt either . 
USERNAME i really want a cupcake right now ! 😭 
i feel like he should live with someone whom has time for him . 😔 
USERNAME i literally had tears running down my face .. 😣 that's the second encounter i had with a spider today .. i'm now paranoid 😫 😥 
i don't know why my friends insist on snap shotting my snapchats :( 
#confessionnight i get insecure about my body a lot . i know that i shouldn't though . 😔 
hope this loser gets outta work soon & says something to make my mood better because i can't deal right now . 😔 💕 
USERNAME hope i get to see you sometime soon #missmybf # :( 
USERNAME you do have a say . that's why i asked 😣 
i just realize that i don't get drank easy 😔 
that's the saddest episode of glee . 😭 😭 😪 
is it safe to say i'm not glad to be back in my own bed ? i'd rather be at the hotel going to the coliseum in the morning 😔 
USERNAME i lost my dog a few months ago and today is his birthday it's really such a sad thing 😥 
USERNAME people at warped can be really nice ! especially to little girls who get knocked over easily 😣 
she's got everything that i have to live without ... 😔 
#confessionnight single life really does get lonely . no bs . 😔 
justin bieber & selena gomez officially broke up , r . i . p jelena </3 
somebody didn't want their picture taken today ! :( @ our humble abode URL 
i should've went to the library . focusing at home is impossible . 😔 
USERNAME umm .... i don't think so haha 😥 😳 
` when you miss someone so much your dieing to text them back but your mad at them so you don't 😣 😒 
fuck ! ! ! cutlers out ! ! ! #werefucked #weregonnalose :( 
this thing was a masterpiece til you tore it all up 😔 #tswift 
my parents just left to go to the hospital . my step dad might be having a heart attack . :( 
ya me canse de estudiar , solo estudie 30min jaja :( 
USERNAME ima do that tonight too .. have a test tom :'( 
i'm happy that there's no school tomorrow , but sad i won't be able to see USERNAME #sadtweet 
maybe i should just give up ... i think i'm wasting my time . 😔 
this part of the notebook makes my heart hurt 💔 😭 
#confessionnight i've never played in a playoff game in high school 😭 
well i need my bestfriend ... USERNAME :( i wanna cuddle . 
i always cry when the dad dies of cancer .. 😢 
USERNAME i was away this weekend and put it off 😣 if you know how to do the graph please print me out one and just change it up a bit 
don't wanna go to school tomorrow :( i just wanna enjoy my last 2 weeks living in lc 
i wanna go too sleep already but it's way too early 😣 
USERNAME omg so smart ! but i have to have four characters . and that wouldn't work for this project anyways :( 
USERNAME hahahahahaha i said i was just kidding :( but it wasn't what you thought , i think 
anybody know the number of stephany's pizza ? im starving and i dont wanna go out in the cold -___- ughh i guess i have to cook now > :[ 
USERNAME i hate when my dog has one its so sad 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME omg i was about to say ..... that kid was there and i didn't know ? 😭 😒 
:o thats rude adina :'( rtUSERNAME USERNAME says the ugly one . 
USERNAME no bueno . :( i wish i could help . smile dufus ? ! ? ! :/ )USERNAME 
text you on saturday ! dm me your # i don't have it anymore :( 
USERNAME all my favourite characters keep dying though :( lol . sack and juice were awesome . i imagine more of my favs will die lol 
i wish i didn't have early classes tomorrow , i just wanna see my babee :c 
USERNAME help a nigga out im gonna miss my truth stream it too me 😭 😭 😭 
#confessionnight i did something not good lastnight ! ! #sadtweet 
USERNAME :( i know i'm such a baby lol . 
USERNAME yup ! it's never goodbye , just cya later 😢 
USERNAME you just reminded me that i had hw for her . :( 
looking at my year book and probably about too cry . i miss last year so much #mybestfriend #myhusband #trustfalls #studyhall #slidetackles 😔 
USERNAME you're a little bit too far for sharing :( .. 
the picture on ig i've gotten the most likes on was the one of my nails .. #fml 
eating chocolate in bed .. i can't believe hammie is gone 😢 #rip 
why must i cry every time it's time to say goodbye ? :'( i miss you baby ! ! ! USERNAME 
USERNAME we got about an inch today just enough to turn things white probly be gone in a couple days tho :( 
layin in bed watchin the notebook with USERNAME tryin not to cry ! this movie gets me every time ! 😢 #singlelifesucks 
everyone last night made it clear that i look like no one in my family . 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME linda say hello to naty porq nunca mas la leei 😔 
i want you , i want all of you forever ... you and me everyday #thenotebook 💔 never gets old 
oh my god i'm flustered it is veterans day . #fml 
USERNAME yu bacc or . no t.t ill da am 
#confessionnight i miss playing the game of basketball so fuckin bad .. 💔 🏀 
hate when kolvu sticks his butt in my face damn cat wipe ur butt eww :( ) 
USERNAME damn you i thought he retweeted me i was so excited 😭 
USERNAME i tried but when in wen t.t o the back he went . on stage even though he will be in the back sorry 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME that can always work but we can smoke together :( 
so sad i didn't get to see taylor tonight 😔 
#confessionnight i'm scared to have a 3 some with two dudes :-( 
USERNAME i can't wait to be home bro i'm herbless down here 😔 
USERNAME what ? you're going to delete me ? ! :( 
end of an era :-( rt USERNAME at cary's galaxy cinema , a last picture show flickers to an en d: URL 
USERNAME lol omg i don't usually eat 4 my tummy hurts ! 😫😩 😭 lol but you're not fat either ! ! 
USERNAME ima do cry in my room if your serious :'( 
got tickets to see the voice ! too bad i'm not going 😿 @ cafe de hutauruk URL 
i got carmel all over my new victoria secret sweats #fuckmylife -.- 
i miss my phone calls with danny and lucy and tyler 😭 😔 
USERNAME i can't . i have to stay with my mom and i don't have a ride to duncanville every morning :( 
not getting to sleep anytime soon 😢 might be grumpy tomorrow #fairwarning #lookout 
i have a bruise on my foot from someone barely stepping on it last night . why the fuuck do i bruise so easy ! ! ! :( 
i miss my bestfriends 😭 😭 😭 i never see them ever 
wtf allie . noah is the sweetest guy in the freakin world . whyy . 😭 
USERNAME yepp , one too many dr . peppers 😣 
USERNAME i think i need a new one eh ... can't find it anywhere ... :( sigh ... i think i taking godpa's iphone 4 eh .. 
y'all , i just want to go to a hockey game 😢 #missingthepreds #nhllockoutsucks 
i only wish i could cuddle up and watch a movie #sadtweet 😥 
what hurts the most just came up on my pandora . and it just killed me . ): #ripjosh #iloveyouandmissyou 
any1 good at chemistry ? i could really use some help ! ! ! ! ! please 😔 😱 😢 😕 🙏 
my thumb would randomly start hurting the day before i'm supposed to get the cast off 😔 😪 
my life will never be as great as it was when demi lived here . i miss her more than anything 😔 
USERNAME more like they will literally witness a break down on my part .... 😩 😭 😫 
#confessionnight there wasn't shit to do tonight 😪 😔 👎 
awe ): well still cant wait to go out ! 
my ride along officer keeps forgetting im in the car ... #sadday #wth 
USERNAME maybe if our lives were less amazing you would leave us alone . 😔 sigh . 
i wish i could tweet my last emot-thingys . but i'm not as cool as everyone . i just have a droid . :( i can't even see them ! 
USERNAME no :c jenny's mom invited us to eat d; < 
a xanax would come in handy right now . #cantsleep #toonervous 😣 
my whole body aches & my temperature is 100.5 😔 good think my baby is here to take care of me 😘 
USERNAME i'll be at work i always miss everything 😔 
can't believe USERNAME unfollowed me 😡 😡 😡 😭 😭 😭 
a year ago .. i made the greatest decision of my life . no regrets . and i would give everything up to get that perfect part of me back #sadday 
USERNAME aw your so sweet . but it's cold :( but ok get ready ! 
USERNAME idk ! ! ! ! ! :( must have fallen out of my bag 
going to have to turn this movie off bc it's depressing me :( 
i may be really sad at the thought of no more nascar performance next year . i was actually learning . :( 
i want the cheddar bacon potato skins that are in my fridge , but my mom is in there and she will want some ... i don't care to share . :( 
USERNAME can i just say you are one lucky girl :c 
my loves are busy & had to get off the phone , now i'm bored :( 
USERNAME my whole body aches & my temperature is 100.5 😔 good thing my baby is here to take care of me 😘 
just saw my dads last name on the tv and instantly got sad 😞 
USERNAME cuhs u have ratchet hair jk lol its so healthy :c 
i really do feel bad .. its just you've done stuff like that before .. ugh </3 
step by step , heart to heart , left right left ... we all fall down ... fall down like you soldiers . 😔 😘 
omg i feel soo nauseas ! ! ! think im bout to throw up ! blahh my tummy hurts :( 
USERNAME me too sue :( i just ate some fiber cereal and it tasted like cardboard ! quiero pupusas ! 
USERNAME USERNAME :( sry hunny , i know losing him hurt ur heart xoxo 
USERNAME same ! i didn't go last year . 😔 
my whole body aches & my temperature is 100.5 😔 good thing my baby is here to take care of me 😘 
😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 the notebook 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
noah just put me in tears . that's freakin adorable . 😢 ❤ 
i wish i was watching the notebook ! ! ! i used to have it on dvd till someone in beeville stoled it :( 
USERNAME but it just seems all guys are exactly the same #smh 😔 
USERNAME stop being mean . 😡 *walks out* 😔 😔 😔 🚶🚶🚶 
USERNAME awe ! ! i miss you too love :( ( 
i wonder what we could've had if i never left . 👎 😔 
eligibility list come out this week and my grades look like💩 😧 🙉🙈🙉🙊 
USERNAME at the apartment workin on a 15 page term paper ! ! :( 
👱🎡👩 ... 👱 ❤ 🏠👩 ... 👱 💔 👩 ... 👱📩x3⃣6⃣5⃣ ... 👩💍👦 ... 👱🚤👩 ... 👱 💋 ☔👩 ... 👩 💔 👦 ... 👴📖👵 ... ❤ . #thenotebook #socute 
thank god i have guy friends who eseill be handling #oomf , if they see #oomf omg its gonna be worse then the firs t.t ime #oomf got jumped . 
i don't know wether to cry or idk ! 😔 
i just have to expect the fact that there's no more of us 😔 😥 
now i be looking at my phone like •﹏• </3 
i want to meet channing tatum . <3 #onlyinmydreamsthough :( 
i wonder how it feels for someone's back not to hurt , back pains since freshman year 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME i thought i was the best .. 😔 
yess ! ! ! i do girl ! for real ! 😔 wish i didn't ! 
ugh i am starti g to regret ever meeting her 😒 😞 
pretty sure #oomf just walked out on me for something that wasn't even directed towards him . #awesome . can today get any worse ? :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME you two have me balling over here dang it ! 😢 😭 
someone buy me these boots from target ! ! ! 😔 URL 
♡ ♡ micahs crib is being taken down' by his grandparents ! :( the memories ! well time for his big boy bed ! 😊 
....... i guess i won't be talking to him tonight ... sad face :( 
USERNAME true true c: except for me ): do you not know me ? o.o ha 
#confessionnight i get offended when people put USERNAME down . 😔 
USERNAME you did it wrong </3 its supposed to not have capitalization or punctuation </3 
USERNAME aawhh 💔 😱 yes your welcome to come visit me at the hospital if you want lol im not trying to be alone 😉 🙈 
USERNAME sí, he pensado irme muchas veces . si tuviera la oportunidad de irme lo haría :-( . 
this book almost has my in tears ... how i'm spending my night when i don't have school the next day 😭 👌👎 
i find it funny that i can randomly spurt out spanish when it's convenient , but in class i sound freakin retarted ! lmao #languageautism :( 
made some progress on my quilt blocks today but hard to work with a wicked headache . gonna be harder to sleep now that it's back . :-( #fb 
i don't even know what to do anymore ! this feeling makes me sick to my stomach ! ! 😔 
why can't i turn my lights off without getting up ? 👣 😔 😴 
ik i'm not the only mf who hasn't had a relationship at bhs ! ! ! ! ! ! #fml 
math is reducing me to tears , awesome .. #fml 
watching the human centipede 2 d; oh dear lord why v.v 
USERNAME thank you babe i love you both so much💕means a lot to have you both to help me keep my head up . this was just so unexpected 😔 💔 
USERNAME i'm so sorry :( but all these confessions are really sad . please stop ? :( 
i mean i love them , but some of them are stupid , and mean :( 
omg this movie has never made me cry this much 😭 😭 😭 
leaving concerts is always so sad . when will i ever see the who again ? ! #quadrophenia 💙 ❤ 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME lol right :( i'm just going to go on friday and spent the weekend there ! 
why cant notebook be part of my life ? :( 
uqqhh :( :( i hate gettin red light tickets forreal 
sick :( 💊👊😷☕ thanks baby USERNAME x cuidarme love u ! 
USERNAME i had to go home and make my own food ... :( 
geez i'm still working on my abs ! haha takes time ... :( lol 
USERNAME i wish ! :( thatd be soo cool ! 
USERNAME lier he told you something huh ? v.v i know how he is 
USERNAME miss u more snuggle bunny 😔 🐰 😰 💔 
USERNAME :( :( :( i knoww , gosh . i miss you too ! this sucks . ass . big time ! 
just realized tomorrow is an a day and i have a math test first hour . #fml 
how am i losing to marcus in fantacy football ? one running back is on a bye and the other one has negative 1 point . #fml 
wake me up the following friday so i can go get my christmas tree and attempt to have better days ... 😔 
#confessionnight i'm a emotional person i cry about everything weak self ! 💧 😢 
USERNAME the awkward moment when i know your last tweet was about me 😔 
everyone has that one love they will never forget #sadtweet 
#confessionnight im head over heels in love with you but im to afraid to show it ........ 😔 :/ 
can all my babies move to bowie i miss seeing them everyday :( 
USERNAME noo ! shitty birthday ! aw sorry you are in pain , hope the rest of your day was good :( x 
USERNAME yeahh lol thanks for hitting me in the no no zone :( 
having a feeling i'm not going to wake up early lol .. 😭 
#confessionnight : i hate trying too kiss , i have small lips . #ughh :( 
trying not to cry myself to sleep again from thinking , don't feel like having my eyes swollen tomorrow morning . 😣 
USERNAME how long til you get to see him again ? :( 
josh rand - wake up (beat prod . by eli . miles)(prod . by ghudd ): URL via USERNAME everyone retweet ! ! ! USERNAME 
USERNAME life throws us unexpected situations .. just have to think hard and clear about what matters the most 😔 anytime 😘 😘 😘 💖👯 
i want #oomf to myself but sometimes you can't have what you want 😧 
my phone keeps going off & i can't even see anything #fml 
66 degrees out tomorrow and i don't even get to go out and play in it :( 
can't even take one day to just be lazy .... not possible in college #depressed need this semester to come to an end ✌ 
when the going gets tough cutler gets hurt ! lmfao pussy 😿 
USERNAME i know 😔 hahaha but thank goodness ! ! 
so that happened ... fucking awesome even though i look really bottom heavy :( i've been losing weight , i swear ! ! ! URL 
#confessionnight i'm so distant with the person i used to be the closest with , the one i always thought i would stay close with . </3 
iv peed so much today it's un normal damn 😞 
i wish i had a really cool . emily brooke robbins isn't too cool 😒 😞 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 , jk yes you do 
USERNAME my charger just completely broke .. and now my heart just broke .. 💔 that was the best and longest charger i've ever had . 😰 😩😫 
i'm histerical crying and that part didn't even come 😣 
why do i keep reading our messages ? why do i even still have them ? 😭 
heaven got one heck of an angel last night . ez , my pal , my heart breaks for you & your fam . you were taken too soon . </3 #rip 
taking a shower just so you can cry & no one will hear you . best therapy ever . 😰 💔 
i was finna do somem real bold but i aint gone do it ... 😞 
USERNAME but i love you and USERNAME so much x632771 :( 
USERNAME yes sir ... we'll id cutler is out :( 
USERNAME USERNAME weyy :'( i change my mind for sure now 
USERNAME dude i havent hung with you in a grip #sadtweet #crying #nojoke #brokenheart 
the dudes were probably just seeing who was the finest of the bunch .. 😔 
am i seriously crying cause this show is over . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
im about to go back to work tomorrow after my 7days vacay;(but i still have a hangover from njcon .. 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i seriously don't wanna read lord of the flies , the chapter is 20 pages :( 
USERNAME yes .. my phone is broken :( so if u txted me i wasn't ignoring you ! 
#confessionnight i dont really know if i believe that the world is going to end in december , i don't think about it cause it makes me sad :( 
my last grandparent ... gone bro 💔 💔 i can't deal smh bye 
my life is incomplete without my blue dress beauty 😢 USERNAME 
my legs are in the worst knots :( ( 😞 #fixme 
i'm so sorry . 😣 i feel like such a butt hole ! 
yep my day has officially turned to crap ... and i have no one to talk to :( 
stress and ocd are fucking me up . 👎 😔 living with someone not in their right mind doesn't help either , but if i'm not here the who is ... ? 😕 😒 😴 
USERNAME ew ! delete that ! ! ! ! 😔 
USERNAME he's a freaking psycho now ! ! ! idk how this is going to end i hate waiting for next sunday :( 
even tho we fight , my mom hasn't even been gone for a day & i miss her so much already :( 
USERNAME please come tickle my back ? :( lol #itsanusthing 
having to memorize 5 pages of notes 😔 😣 😫 
the winds are kickin in & our 74 degrees is blown away . rain & cold on monday . yech ... :( 
no one wants to take me to the movies :'( 
USERNAME yes it does ! ! ! if only that would really happen -_- ) ): 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! and you the one thats a stranger 😔 😏 
i refuse to text you first if you never answer 😔 #sadtweet 
USERNAME no , but i just looked at how many followers you had ... now i'm depressed ... :( 
the things i would do just to get that back 😔 
not gonna lie i cried when miley took off her wig on jay leno & revealed to the world that she was hannah montana 😭 
nerds are going to be scoring all the girls in a couple of years 😔 
USERNAME he's sad cuz he misses madie ! . 😭 😭 😪 
i haven't seen any of this season tho ! super #sadtweet 
i've always wanted someone to buy me a puppy for christmas 😔 
my nights go so slow when my hubby works . 😞 
mhmm what ass ? i've tried but i don't see no ass :( 
USERNAME new cd coming out november 19th 😭 😭 💘. 
USERNAME USERNAME lea , i am sorry for your loss :( . #hugs 
#cofessionnight no matter how bitchy and hard and heartless i act i want a boyfriend .. 💔 
😭 😭 😭 😭 .... the notebook . i can't . 
omg tryna talk to dave about that is makin me cry . :( i hoe everything turns out ok 
whyy iss he madd ! , -_- ughh ! , :( 
can't even enjoy the notebook anymore , makes me too emo 😭 
really looking forward to getting home at 11 and finally doing the homework i put off all weekend . 😭 
and this is the part i sob at :( ( #thenotebook #sheremembers <3 
USERNAME awe thanks chica ! u r too btw thanks for texting me :( 
being home makes me miss high school so much 😔 
q:why it take you forever to txt me back lol ? ? a :c ause i be on here duh 
USERNAME xbox 360. i would really appreciate it alto since money is sort of a problem :( . thank you . 
ahh . ima cry in this part 😪 😥 omg 
having to grab dinner all alone ... these are the times i miss you the most .. 😔 
well it looks like i have to take my belly ring out 😡 😭 
i wish a cute ass west girl would notice an ugly ass east guy like me :( lmao . 
all i wanna do is online shop but i caant 😔 #broke 
of course even when i try not to , i tear up 😢 
i always forget to put fabric softener in while washing clothes . :( 
that was adorbz now it's about to get so sad 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i was ready for bed at 8. so naturally now that it's an acceptable time to fall asleep i'm wide awake # :( 
i wish me and USERNAME talked more , we never do anymore :c 
what we were no longer exists but the memory will always be there ... :( 
my mom started looking at shkuur pictures & broke out crying :( 
im bored & have no one to talk to :-( 
getting up at 7:15 tommorrow .... 😩 😭 😭 😭 😩😩😫 ... goodnight then 😴😴😴 
it's berly 7:40 and i'm already getting sleepy 👎 😞 
miss my girl erin . no one got me and hated everyone in like world as much as me like her ! #sadtweet 
USERNAME well as a skins fan i miss you playing football 😢 
USERNAME aw :( you can text me if you need anything love <3 
USERNAME i miss my phone to oh wait i never had one lol :( 
😭 😭 hate how bad this movie makes me cry #truelove 
lml , i tell everybody i hate dem . i'm so mean :( 
so he say then he cannot depend on me for anything he just hurt my feelings # ): 
i wanna cry for some reason 😭 😭 😭 #justsaying 
USERNAME i don't even know why i'm watching it 😭 😭 we should be watching it together ! 
i have never been so scared in my whole life 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i'm pretty sure i used religion to get your bday off last year ... and every sunday after that . #imgoingtohell :( 
someone offered to make out with me .. but they're really far away .. 😢 
i hold my pee way too often ! perhaps its my fear of public restrooms ! it's like bitches never learned how to flush :( #confessionnight #ew 
i want to cry , allie remembered noah for five minutes :'( #truelovestory 
oh boy here comes the tears .. the notebook is almost over #wahh #imababy 😭 💏 
in deep thought right now i got a lot of thinkin to do about my career and lifestyle . a whole bunch of ? ? ? ? ? ? ? s in my head right now ! ugh ! 😔 
USERNAME its nice to get a brake from that place but at the same time i sure do miss it :( 
USERNAME i had to . 😭 ill bring you with me next time haha devince would die with his jealous self . lol i'm coming home thurs lol 
USERNAME im a quakes fan and those fuck tard galaxy knocked us out so :( 
USERNAME i love you 💖 you don't know how much it means to me to have you here in this shituation 😔 💕 
USERNAME it's for my eng comp class :( did you start your business forum assignment ? 
this part of the movie always makes me cry . 😢 😭 😥 
USERNAME -.- ive been a dancer for 11 years :( give me some credd 
i messed up the heart lol :( #coffee #caffebene #timessquare #broadway #theatredistrict #nyc #m @ caffé bene URL 
i would forget my flat iron at home ... hoping my daddy comes this way tomorrow :( 
USERNAME joey tried buying it for me today , but it was sold out 😔 
#confesionnight : i just care too much ... also i still think about you ... i just want someone to watch x factor with :( 
i wonder how many socks ive lost this weekend ? 👎 😑 😔 
USERNAME how's about you stop this little innocent shananigan alright ! and fyi i don't have your number 😥 
#confessionnight i always said i was the kinda girl who would never get abused by any guy ... but i ended up proving myself wrong . #sadtweet 
i'm most likely not coming back to stafford ... #confession . sorry babe :( USERNAME 
ughh i can be such an emotional wreck sometimes 😒 😢 😭 
USERNAME if ur watching it can u plzz tell me who won i'm beggen plz :( 
fucking USERNAME & USERNAME didn't hit me up this weekend . :( 
USERNAME omgg me too ! :'( we're hanging out soon , this is not a drill . 
poor austin :( he wanted taco bell so bad . and my mom brought me some . #illshare 
ah i'm about to go deaf . i'm tired and wanna die right now . 😔 
😔 😳 😞 😢 😓 😥 😩😫 😕 😦 😟 😧 #me 
USERNAME gasp no . 😦 still in my #prayers . 
wish USERNAME was home , i'm really not feeling well still .... can't wait to have him back home to help me feel better .. :( 
back pain <<< i wish it would just go away ! 😥 
quit being cute and come cuddle with me 😭 😭 😭 😭 URL 
last night in florida 😞 gonna miss the weather an everything else ohh well #sunshine URL 
#confessionnight i dont trust guys ... thats why my relationships dont be working out cuss i usually get paranoid when they go out w out me :( 
feel so sick :-( so wanna snuggle up and sleep in my home ... #saudade 
that awsome fuckig moment when you try to do your project and the printer is out of paper > :( 
go to bed everyone . haven't received scores yet . :( 
i'm going to stop resending my texts i feel iike i'm bothering you 😔 
it must be really sad to be married to someone that lost their memory 😢 😱 💔 
USERNAME and not me ? smh . not much 😔 
just send me a goodnight text again , okay ? 💔 
USERNAME :( i hope things work out . try to take time 4 yourself for like 3hrs writing your thoughts and then get back to hw nd focus 
uhh i hate winter :-( its so icy && snowy ! ⛄🔫 
USERNAME and you didn't come see me ? i'm hurt :( 
USERNAME :( now i'm all of a sudden hated ? 
remodeling please hurry up i want my big room back ): URL 
this part made me cry like a baby the first time i watched it #thenotebook 😢 
being made fun of bc you really like one song<<<< 😭 
USERNAME some people are disgusting ... this is awful :( 
when she remembers >>>>> but then we forgets <<<<< 😔 
and then she's gone again </3 oh my godd :( ((( 
every time i watch the notebook i tear up 😢 
USERNAME mines wouldn't charge unless i had it in a specific angle 😔 
my leg might as well fall off . #ihurt 😥 👎 
USERNAME good choice . if i could i'd do the same . i have to go to fbla so i can't . # :'( 
trying to get my brother to make me some grilled cheese . so far it's a no go ... :( 
where are my god damn retainers ! ! #pissed #wheredidiputthem 😣 😡 😡 
#confessionnight i miss USERNAME and USERNAME more than anything in the world # 😭 💔 
re reading our old conversations from the very beginning & thinking how happy i was then .... 💔 
#confessionnight honestly ... 😕 kinda worried about wlp auditions 😣 
not ready for it to snow 😢 #snowdaytomorrow ? ! URL 
USERNAME someone needs to fix this ! ! ! :( 
... when allie forgets , all over again . 💔 😭 😔 😭 💔 
no allie no ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( 
i feel worse now than i did this morning o_o 😣 😷 
and it's about time for me to turn it . the ending is just too sad . 😭 #whyy ? 
USERNAME i know right :( same with that black lady , idk her name .. she left the safe zone .. she's nuts .. the blonde was the smart one ! 
wait i'm actually letting my cartilage piercing close up 😭 
when i'm bored i start thinking of all the bad things that could end up happening 💔 
#confessionnight i don't give a damn about what a person thinks about me ... but when it comes to attention 😔 
when allie forgets that it's her and noah after her moment of clarity 😭 #crymeariver #sosad URL 
i hate when allie forgets who noah is . makes me want to cry 💔 😪 😥 
USERNAME i can't it's just aww ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
andd i miss when a d was a passing grade in high school . gotta get this chemistry grade up tomorrow :( (( 
USERNAME USERNAME but .... my pre cal homework .... 😢 
i know i'm supposed to hate you but you're actually so pretty 😢 
#confessionnight : saying tho at the end of your statement 👎 😣 
:'( "USERNAME take it off , she said . it'll be fun , she said ... URL 
why can't allie remember ? 😢 😢 soo sad . 
why am i crying my eyes out ? ? ! ! 😥 
everything's been going good & then my mom reminds me i have court on friday :( 
can't even begin to explain the amount of pain i'm in right now #feverround2 #104degrees #flu #letmedie 😬😫 😭 😭 😭 😷😷😷 
USERNAME you don't show weey no love ? :( (( 
jonathan dwyer the only player i'm scared of off the steelers 😥 he's so big & scary :( 
i hate that feeling when you know you're about to cry 😢 
i think i'm getting my dad an ipad or macbook for xmas . so i can atleast webcam with him since i can't see him every day :( 
USERNAME so do i . i'm just rewriting everything and i mean everything . 😔 
😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 poor noah ! he is crying ! 😭 😢 😱 #thenotebook 
cue the tears ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 
i lose total control of my feeling at this part . #fml 
i just want to know when does this finally get better ? 💔 😔 😞 😕 
when old people cry <<< #worstthingever #sosad 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME it's def disappointing ! i was psyched about it :( 
sometimes giving up doesn't mean you're weak . it just means you're strong enough to walk away 😞 
i shouldn't let shit get to me , but i can't help it ): 
these past summers keep getting better each year #takemeback 😩 😣 
hate that i get nausea after eating ice cream #sadtweet 
guess who's staying up tonight ... me 😔 hate feeling like this . #offthis 
curling up in a ball in bed right now sounds so nice . 😔 
when aly doesn't remember 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 the tears start falling 
i have nightmares every night . even when i take naps . what's wrong with me 😣 
watching noah cry ..... 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 
😔 😔 😔 😖 “USERNAME wsj reports fbi found classified documents on petraeus' mistress's computer . URL 
deffiniatly ballin my eyes out thanks to the notebooks #toosad 😭 
what did i get myself into ? ? should of moved out from the beginning 😔 😔 😔 
#cofessionnight i don't think #oomfs girlfriend even went to any if his football games 💔 👎🏈 
this movie makes me cry every time :( (( #thenotebook 
layn dwn with my honey before he go to work ! :( 
ill probably have to get surgery so ill keep avoiding a doctor's appointment 'till i cant take the pain . 😰 😱 😭 ✌🔫 
i don't like the rest of the notebook ... it's too sad :( #byetv 
i've never between hunting :( & i really wanna go . 
dangit . found some messages on my email that are bringing back memories :c 
had some earlier it was fabulous ! 💁” lol lucky 😔 
USERNAME i haven't talked to you in a while :( 
me and my mom are sobbing 😥 😰 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i miss you too ! i won't be in 1 tomorrow . ): 
USERNAME i miss you vero :( can't wait to see you ! ! 
USERNAME that . is no t.t he babys name ? 
to think allie's illness really happens to people absolutely breaks my heart 😭 💔 
USERNAME ahh i'm just finding it ! now i'm sad :( lol #wannawatchit 
USERNAME i hate this . it's not fair ! when will it be my turn ? poopy people everywhere . 😭 
USERNAME im going to sleep cause i'm tired a'f ): 
USERNAME you didn't never text me back :/ , now my heart is in a conner crying 😭 😢 
USERNAME i haven't talked to you in forever ! :( i love and miss you soo much . #yourebeautiful <3 333 
awh they love each other so much .. 😭 ❤ 
it's so hilarious how much i cry when watching 10,000 bc lmao 😭 😪 
USERNAME dreading taking 445. rma has been annoying enough 😢 
why was i born with zero artistic ability ? 😔 
USERNAME ahh no no no tv turn off i'm gunna loose it 😭 
now for some r&r .... work in the a . m . 😔 
lol how you want a relation ship like the notebook when you go after players ? clearly your setting yourself up for failure ... #smh 😔 
that feelin after you get a text that's not who you want it to be ! ! <<<<< 👎👊💢 😒 😣 😔 
i'm lonely ..... hubby is at work and the boys are gone :-( 
the notebook makes me cry every single time . 😔 ❤ 😭 
USERNAME i mishh brother inlaw 💔 taj is a fucking huge douche bag lol & our vacation is gonna be bad ass 🌴☀🌊🚢 #cruisee 
omg . i wanna die . that was so sad . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
hardest thing in life , letting go of what you thought was real . 😪 😔 
#1322 i don't think you remember me .. well i am USERNAME well i really miss you :( & i love you lots ! ! 
crying my eyes out all alone in my room 😢 😭 #thenotebook #nolife 
USERNAME mm is not that your phone doesn't like me :( 
USERNAME i only saw the first half ! i have to wake up early 😭 😭 
USERNAME yup ! i sure hope so oh well you need to help me with my mood ! :( 
the end of the notebook gets me every time ! :( 
i haven't stayed up this late since the summer time , tomorrow's going to be a long day :( 
this year is flying by ! football is almost over :( 
no , i can't take this right now . 😭 
still cry everytime i watch the notebook 😥 😥 😭 😭 😭 
balling my eyes out with USERNAME #notsorry 😭 😭 😭 😭 
the worst part of the notebook is when the old man starts crying :( 
it pains me knowing that the man we rented the cabin from , will be resting his head on my memory foam pillow from here on out :( 
#confessionnight i just wanna be ungrounded so i can see my baby 😔 
breaks my heart to see someone i love more than anything hurt so bad 😢 
USERNAME me too but i don't think i'll ever find a love like this 😔 
mom and i crying as we watch the notebook<< 😭 😢 
USERNAME forwatever reason yur not feeling well cheer up #sadtweet 
the more i think about senior year the more i miss it ... 😞 
#confessionnight i miss everybody in my family who died especially my uncles .. they all died 😔 😭 💔 😩 
the moment you see a cute boy but he is a freshmen <<<<<<< :( 
USERNAME i can't help that i'm in a ratchet mood :( 
USERNAME you physically abuse me , it's worse . you try to belittle me in public :( #imreportingyou 
cool ill just cry myself to sleep now . 😩 😭 😫 😢 
omg i can't find my ap book ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( ((( 
USERNAME balling my eyes out ! rest peace leroy :( 
i just wanna be talking to him right now 😔 
it should be illegal for old people to cry because its the saddest thing ever :( 
don't get your hopes up ... there is no man out there like noah from the notebook 😞 
gosh my heart just broke watching that 💔 #crying #worstpart 
USERNAME nope . when are you going to new york ? please be safe child :( 
USERNAME i wasn't screamin' ! if you thought i was screamin' i'm sorry :( 
oh god .. :( why do i do this to myself . i need to stop watching these movies ... seriously . 
someome please tell me it's not over . it can't end like this 💔 
#conefssionnight me && USERNAME are secretly dating 😔 lmfao jp 
USERNAME i don't know why though . 😢 his songs aren't catchy to me but kendrick lamar >>> yes ! ❤ 
USERNAME :( she texted me about it too ! that's seriously awful . 
i'm sad that i've never texted USERNAME anything worthy of a screenshot . idk that shit just gets to me . 💔 😭 
really trying to make this happen a week sooner ! ! ! ! #tooexcited can't wait 2 weeks :( 
the last song makes me cry so bad because i always think , . 😢 
freezing my bahonkaa off up here at work . :( 
😭 😭 😭 😭 i always get so emotional watching the notebook , and i've only seen a couple minutes of it . 
i need my best friends back i wouldn't talk shit about guys . . . i love you guys 😔 
i don't like the lakers but dwight was my nigga when he was in florida 😣 
i need 2 watch something funny wen this goes off bc thenotebook aallwwaayyss make me cry :( ((( 
the night i dont go to 7-11 to get candy , is when i get a sweet tooth #fml 
the other day , i asked my dad if he'd let me drive home . homeboy pulled out his prayer book . 😒 😔 
#confessionnight i miss USERNAME more than anything 💔 #twin #sister 
the notebook never seizes to put me in tears 😢 
USERNAME yea , cuz yu was nice as fuk too me , nd i treated yu lyk shyt :( 
or USERNAME could hang up the facetime call 😭 . goodnight ilyy💘 
USERNAME lmao . thanks marco . but noone wants to text me , i finally accept bring rejected :( #solaporvida 
USERNAME awe i'm sorry ! i would've if i saw you obv ! :( i moved after cause i wanted to sit down and i'm lame ! 
i hate the tears that always come at this part 😢 
i miss USERNAME i feel like i haven't seen her in years 😢 💔 
been watching the notebook for 20minutes and already balling 😫 😭 #damnyounotebook #getsmeerrytime 
me & USERNAME just cried like big babies ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( 
the notebook is the saddest/best movie ever no doubt about it . 😭 
11.9 k tweet goes out to everyone sitting there watching the notebook & balling there eyes out like me #softtweet #imawreck 😔 
USERNAME damnn that sucks :( tivo though ? yikes the hardest part of my day was dealing with drunk people haha 
night ruined . i hate when oomf high as fxck . or under the influence like lastnight ): 
USERNAME i don't wanna go outside 😢 😪 😰 😥 😞 😔 😓 
USERNAME i should have known that , i'm sorry :( <3 
omg omg ! i miss you now ! 😔 ❤ USERNAME URL 
USERNAME no , don't go . i'll miss you </3 
i always cry during that scene omgg #sad #crybaby #sorrynotsorry 😭 😭 😭 
i wanted to keep my dhs badge but they didn't let me :c 
i wish i was going to ny over break :( but noo the stupid ass people decided to cut down christmas break ... fuck you guys ! 
USERNAME lmao you mad ? :$ why would you block yourself and divorce me :c jerk ! 
USERNAME i wish ! we drove around beverly hills today but no celeb sightings :( i did see like four limousines driving down hollywood blvd 
i don't want my fellow tweeters too go too sleep ! ! ! :( 
i am just crying everywhere 😭 😩😫😩 😭 😩😫 😭 😩😫😩 😭 😭 😖 😫 
damn you #notebook you get me every single time 😭 😭 😭 #truelove #illbethereforyou 
:( don't cry i love you everything will get better 
USERNAME text this evening from a random number of someone i met last night: literally wtf #fml 
USERNAME he was on the voice he said he wants to be taken seriously .. i don't think he made it far :( 
i'm drowning in my own tears , the notebook is so sad . 😭 😪😫 
USERNAME lol ok doll . whys you stop texting me ? ): 
USERNAME at least , the end of this week marks the start of next week :( #fridayfun 
the #notebook on #abcfamily makes me cry like a baby every time 😢 
the notebook reminds me of my nana and poppy .. miss you both :( 
USERNAME wala :( we missed them ! ! ! kahit soshi ! ! ! ! kainiss 
sad that my girls won't be at wrlc :( USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME of course thanksgiving week is my last week here ! i will deff make time for megs :'( 
USERNAME haha i wish they didn't existt ! so scared its gonna crawl in my mouth tonight .. 😖 😭 
USERNAME on that note #confessionnight i think you are drop dead gorgeous and i'm totes jealous of your face and hair 😭 #canijustbeyou 
USERNAME ahh idk :( what time do you get back tuesday . cause that day would be perfect 
i don't want to get old , i don't want to not remember 😥 😭 #thenotebook #sosad 
holy shitt didn't think i'd cry this hard at a movie i've seen 100000 times 😭 😢 
i hate black friday . and i hate the fact i have to work in the mall on black friday . i dare someone to piss me off that day . 😣 
USERNAME that sounds good ! ! i don't have any though :( 
USERNAME omg ive been soo bored today :( i was actually missing you 
USERNAME i saw you today = :-d . but i didn't get to hug you after = :'( . 
USERNAME umm don't start amira ! ! 😒 😔 😢 
i bet he would cry if he saw all your tweets :( #reflect 
USERNAME as of right now i'm coming home the 21st 😢 😭 
i thought that was going to end up as another trip to the hospital 😳 😳 😭 😭 
i hate seeing all those cute couples at school . it makes me sad that i can't see him everyday . it makes me miss him more . 😔 
i hate when he takes forever to text back it makes me think theres something wrong :( ( 
USERNAME i cried when he had to shoot his mom :( ( 
alzheimer's has got to be one of the most heart breaking diseases 😥 #brbcrying 
watching the vow with jasmine & i'm over here crying & she is all like it's just a movie vanessa :c 
USERNAME haha ! i dare not talk of marriage lest he flee ! :( hahahah #mylifesucks #someonemarryme 
USERNAME shy , do you have my yellow ponytail elastic ? ): 
#confessionnight i wax , even though that shitt hurts ): 
that world star video i just viewed 😳 😔 😓 people are just stupid man 
their love in the notebook was so genuine & pure . i'm so envious . 😔 
ehh it's a lost case now *sighh* 😓 😫😩 😰 😕 😐 😟 😦 😧 
i haven't been this sad about a celeb breakup since justin timberlake and britney spears ! ! took me forever to stop wishing they'd reunite 😥 
she's our angel , she cant be taken away from us </3 :/ 
USERNAME woww no invite :( i did nothing ... kayla doesn't even like me lol 
i hate how there's no nice cute girls in maize .. all the cute ones are mean :( 
i think i tell the funniest jokes , but legit no one ever laughs at them . well , except for me . 😔 
one of the main things i miss about columbus is the zoo lights 😔 😔 😔 so beautiful . 
i cry like a baby when it comes to love stories ! 😭 
USERNAME right :( do you have classes on thursday ? 
USERNAME girl you is silly ... , & another one of our uncles just passed away smh aunt bunny was crying soo badd :( 
USERNAME me to that's why i never answer cause i feel like my answer is dumb :c 
i finally understand why everyone cries when watching the notebook . it is such a beautiful , sad love story i just can't hold back the tears 😭 
when i run out of skips on pandora : 😵 😭 😢 
USERNAME are you happy you ruined it ? 💔 lol 
no good concerts in nyc for the nxt 2 months :[ 
USERNAME darn :( i was thinking bout coming to cnu that weekend and wanted to see you play ! ! 
#confessionnight i wish i never fucked with oomf in nc during the summer 😔 😔 😔 😔 
talking about life is so peaceful here but my hands are frozen 🙊 😢 
USERNAME you act like you still gonna have a headache tomrrw ! smh , i'm sad i wont get to see you sexyface :( ((( lol 
USERNAME i'm like noo :'( you dumb bitch it's noah ! you just remembered ! ! ! hahaha 
USERNAME i work tuesday 3-6 at my other job :( and they have me off the schedule this week i'm taking something like a 
but even that is probably to ambitious for me . :-( 
USERNAME you left me ! 😢 & you never even come visit anymore ! ! 😭 
people say black , cause i'm supposedly white completed , but i don't know . 😭 
USERNAME no ): hbu did you gone to any of his concerts ? 
#confessionnight i got cut from every highschool sports team but crew :( 
like who likes mondays ... especially with wednesdays blocked schedule 😒 😔 
i haven't talked to #oomf in a while . #awe #sadtweet 
USERNAME i just want to marry you ! is that too much to ask ? ): 
phew , glad i got that off me chest 😥 ” hmm your funny doe 
he can't make it saturday . 😕 i knew i shouldn't have gotten my hopes up . things can never go as planned . 😞 
USERNAME haha . awh , don't do that ! </3 
dont know anything is much better than knowing it but couldn't do anything :( #truestor @ somewhere i belong URL 
if rick keeps acting like this , i'm not sure i'm going too be happy . :( #thewalkingdead 
i want water but i'm too lazy 😭 😭 😭 
worst thing you could possibly read from someone you love 😔 to think i was doing better at this again 
USERNAME i know you do , because you're so mean to me 😣 
why do my elbows hurt so bad ? ! 😞 
USERNAME noo i'm sorry :-( you're the man of the house remember lol 
gonna go look at the apartments wednesday ! i guess i might be moving out sooner than what i thought ! :c 
i seriously miss the old youtube thing for iphone 😢 😢 😢 😢 
wahh ! i love robert :( that's my homie for life ! 
USERNAME what happened to you ? ! you were such a great laker ): 
“USERNAME i want a keurig 😭 " on sale at crest in edmond , i work there ! 
she asks me if i want to go eat with them but im about to leave ): 
i wish i could be there to hug you in the rain :( 
USERNAME dayym ... i wanna go haven't been to one in a while :( 
USERNAME i have to wait till january :( my phone seriously turns off and won't turn on and i don't get a lot of texts anymore . #mylifesucks 
USERNAME yes :( no passports . you need to catch up ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME wee watched a movie haha . no xbox :( it was occupied ... 
off to work & i feel sad . wished i didn't have to work so lexis could have spent the night with me .. :( 
USERNAME awee i miss you too :( text me soon we gootta party ! ! ! 
USERNAME i apologize for my indecency . i just wanted to bring all the boys to my yard . 😔 
omg , i just dont know what to doo ... ): #wah 
guys apparently i don't have a sense of humor i just can't take a good street harassment joke :'( 
USERNAME same thing happened to me friday ! :( URL 
this weekend went by too fast 😔 . didn't sleep enough 😒 
me & USERNAME are hanging out this weekend ! ! ! i miss her :( 
i still fall more and more for him each day and i barely talk to him . i wish i could just forget him ! 😤 😥 😡 😕 
my heart it breaks at the thought of her holding you 💔 
i jus need someone to talk to right now ... 😔 
USERNAME : oh my god , i understand how it feels , my dog too was forcibly taken and i can't get over until now 😢 
told my sister i was in sd , she was very disappointed & yea i understand her position ! feel extremely guilty 😔 
seriously , USERNAME leg needs to get better soon . 😔 
this makes me so sad ... my grandma had what this women has 😢 😭 😢 😭 
USERNAME we need to . i have so much to tell you :'( 
i'm so sleepy , just text me back already 😞 
aww only if more ppl where this thoughtful 😢 URL 
i miss USERNAME :( we must do something soon pretty girl ! 
i miss my dance girls USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME im not used to going this long without seeing you all :( 
so my sister really transferred back to west orange high . and now i'm here alone #fml 
spent $30 fixing two little chain things on my necklace -.- it needs to stop snapping ): 
USERNAME i miss the nine lives of chloe king :( what happened to that show ! ? :( 
#confessionnight some people say my big eyes are creepy looking 😦 
USERNAME i know 😞 what time are you getting back ? 
that feeling you get when you know you will wake up to a monday #sad :c 
wish USERNAME would quit pooping . i can't get up ! 😒 😥 
USERNAME wtf are we home ? :( lol . miss you ! 
he offered to come get me .... i wanna go ! :( but no i'm locked up in jail .... 
my phone is fucked up , sending it in 2morrow to get fixed . meanwhile looks like i'll be stuck with moms friends old one . :( today blows ! 
USERNAME :'( ( i know ! ! ! ! ! 
the end always makes me cry harder each time . 😢 
that's cool ! ! i still fall on my butt :c 
😢 rt USERNAME you're annoying to the point that it becomes unattractive . #bye 
sucks how my mom is going back to california tomorrow morning . 😞 
because my little brother decided to watch tv in the living room i missed the notebook special :'( 
scars on my back , they'll never go away . #sadtweet 
the fact that m dies in the new james bond movie just destroyed my life ... :( 
USERNAME your a fag for not replying to my txt 😔 
on my birthday i always feel rich and i got money to blow .. then 2 weeks go by 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME dude i think it did 😥 cause i don't remember tweeting that .... now i'm worried ! ! 😁 
goodbye pink extension , i'll miss you ! ! ! :( 
my bestie & her bf just remind me how lonely i truly am :( 
#confessionnight when me and my 8th grade boyfriend broke up i cried :( 
USERNAME stop i'm jealous 😭 😭 😭 timmy and cooper ? ! i went to the movies on friday too i didn't see y'all 😭 😢 😩 
i'm making people night but wish i can make oomf night if his sensitive ass forgive me already ... :( 
USERNAME i wish that happened at my house :( but yay ! free for all ! 
no more sukoi christmas lights :-( #cops #pulledover #writtenwarning #lakeinthehills #hopoffm @ pyott and 62 URL 
USERNAME miss you too ! now that cheer is gonna start it's gonna be pretty difficult . :( 
no one has any idea how much i miss my bestfriends<|3 :'( USERNAME USERNAME 
i don't want to go to school tomorrow . :( 
it's so cold and rainy ... ready to close the store n crawl in bed n watch movies ! not gonna happen though i dnt get off til midnight ! :( 
yeah i guess no one will text me when it's 11:11 .... #foreveralone </3 
not feeling short no more <<<< i feel like i'm taller than all my friends now . when i used to be the shortest . now i'm almost 5'4 :( 
not knowing how you feel <<<< help me USERNAME and USERNAME :c 
going to bed alone is not fun . i miss him already . 😔 
USERNAME 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 i'm jelly .. 
i really wish stefanie had her phone right now :( 
USERNAME wahh i feel you :( i miss you bestfriend 
#confessionnight - i haven't heard anything from my bff USERNAME .. and it's really depressing . #imissher 😔 💜 💛 💙 💚 ❤ 
USERNAME love u too bro ! check on devyn && tell her i love her cuz she aint text me back ,, smh 💔 
not only is tomorrow gonna kick my ass because it's a monday , but i'm breaking out , have the flu , back ache , and 99 other problems #fml 🔫 
i wanna go 😔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME maybe the guys ahah 
i hate car rides that are long , because it always makes me really tired ! ! ! ! :( 
noo so this means no mail tomorrow ! :'( *sniffles 
jay cutler out with a concussion :( . i know that feeling bro -.- #concussionproblems #chicagobears 
USERNAME omg . i missed your message on fb from yesterday while in wine county . :( 
ahay teh ! wla ko klntw be careful ! shitzu ! :( 
USERNAME it makes me look like a douche though 😔 
USERNAME it sucks so bad . we're 95% sure we can move with 2 weeks but there's that little bit of chance it won't happen . 😞 
USERNAME yeah it was ! i was all by myself ! :( of course ! haha but soon we will go out ! 
oh my god can this movie get any worse ? ! 😭 😰 
#confessionnight i hate being bipolar , i just wanna be happy all the time but it wont let me :( 
USERNAME mmhmm yea ... i know why 😔 lol but i didn't think you would ever forgive me 
i want subway , but kenny won't go with me :( 
why am i tired 😞 i have to study this cant happen lol 
re watching last week's walking dead episode with my brother because he missed it , and i still wanna cry . 😭 
the decision i have to make tonight is going to effect my life no matter what . why do i have to choose ? ! :( 
USERNAME unfortunately i am only in 112 i prolly won't be much help 😔 
the ending of the notebook gets me every time 😭 
#confessionnight : i'm sick of living down here . it ain't got nothing and will never have anything on memphis . i'm ready to come home :( 
even though he didn’t have a really big role , i miss t dog already :c 
USERNAME i noticed that too ! don’t know how to fix it . :( 
damn rick is going crazy . and poor daryl :( i cried . #thewalkingdead #fuckyeah #fuckyougovenor 
USERNAME aww man that sucks . i really thought by now you'd have an iphone ): now i cant send you my emojis 
wondering why we bother with love , if it never lasts ... 💔 ❤ 
my poor grandfishy 😢 USERNAME is kinda mad you didn't take better care of him . 
#mydog coco 🐶 always looks sad 😣 even though his tail would say other wise ! ! 😅 #petgram #instape @ my castle URL 
when did alexis get boobs ? my babys growing up ): 
i can't watch the rest of the notebook or i'm gonna cry . 😭 😭 
USERNAME my phone is in the next room charging or else i would . 😔 love yaa 💕 
told #oomf that i loved him and he didn't even see it 😭 
jk on that #lt , he doesn't follow me 😞 
omg , the extended scene just made me bawl my eyes out . - allie #thenotebook 😭 
my bed is now in perfect angle for xbox playing and netflix watching but i just moved my xbox downstairs .. 😭 
USERNAME i need to do that too ): any other day you're free this week you pick 
i miss my boyfriend already :( USERNAME #bestboyfriend #lover #bestfriend #trustfull #butterflies 
USERNAME your not ugly at all ! . you've been mean to me before but we never talk :( 
im sorry . im being dramatic . #sorry #screwedup 😔 
i wish you had a twitter . maybe you'd relize i miss you . and you bring your ass back home . :( 
this song by USERNAME is making me extra sad because it reminds me of the notebook when allie doesn't remember noah 😣 💔 
it's funny how when this time at night comes , there's only my american friends on twitter bc all the brazilian ones are sleeping already . :( 
USERNAME i wish i could act out that i love you ! ! but your in a different state , and you wont marry me ! ! ): 
wish i had had more time to fill out this nhs application . :( 
these never before scenes are killing me ... 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME this was a joke , but no not at all :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME right i was just thinking about that ! ughh :( 
i'm so over this long distance already . it makes everything so much more different . 😭 😭 
#oomf knows exactly who he is , stop being so damn adorabllee . pwease ): #merp 
i even had to miss the walking dead tonight to study #depressed 
i hate the weekdays , i'm used to alex sleeping next to me . now i'm stuck here alone . 😕 😞 😒 
sick , cant sleep . so i painted my nails to feel pretty ... tho they may be love filled i look like i could kill ... :[ #cold suck ma nuts 
i'm so lonely since myla isn't here to cuddle 😔 
on the other side i wanna break down and cry 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
. i bout died // y'all still going outta town tomorrow ? i wanna go so bad . but , i got class tomorrow 11-12:15 😞 USERNAME 
#confessionnight i'm fucked up ... like its not normal how fucked up i really am ! 😔 
just crying my eyes out while watching this old man get reunited with his dog that he lost in hurricane sandy 😭 🐶 
last thanksgiving and christmas was a blast ... but it's not going to be the same because last year , i had you . </3 
USERNAME bro ... cousin ! ! i want my granny back :( ( </3 
bye bye blue hair 👎 😢 💔 @ flagler college URL 
USERNAME 😩😩😫😫 😞 😞 yes i have school tomorrow ! right bout now i wish i was in high school lol ! 
USERNAME i'm sorry babe :( i'm going to sleep now but ill text you tomorrow ! 
every time i look at her tweets i get sad for what i read can't believe i miss that time lmao :-( 
just watched for colored girls ... 😭 😭 😭 that movie gets me man 
USERNAME it's the same everytime you watch it . no matter when you start watching it 😢 
i got to get the rest of my piercings when rylan is in the great state because he is causing me nothing but pain ... :-( 
paramore concert set for 2013 .. why is it mostly australia only ? :( 
time to go to bed now .. gotta get up at 7am 😔 😔 
fuck going with red colors for formal i shouldve told alex gray ! v.v 
wow i just realized have a test in every class tomorrow #fml 
USERNAME the last song & let me tell you micayla i could have cried like 10 cups of tears but with the notebook . i could cry buckets 😭 
USERNAME no ! stop ! lemme catch up to you shawty ! hahaa . im barely on 1000 :( ( 
USERNAME - you can't be replaced ! ! ! ! i texted you earlier but you didn't text back 😔 omg ! this friday>>>>>> 
this niggas just playing with my fucking feelings deadass 😔 😭 
USERNAME i have aerobics 1st block :( ugh sucks ass first im not even awake and second i look like shit the entire day lol 
i act like i don't care but really its tearing me up inside :( #confessionnight 
USERNAME lol nah im just ugly thats why huh ? :( 
USERNAME i don't think i'm going to chicago anytime soon 😭 but ill be in ny for thanksgiving 
USERNAME don't have a yard or a carpet and wash a dish after i use it :( lol i catch your drift though ;) 
take this off ! ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
man , i wish me and #oomf didn't fall off tho ... i've known her for too many years to just stop talking 😔 
just called my long lost sister martikia & she didn't answer) ): 
aghh i hate when i'm trying to explain something but i just cant find the right words 😔 
ughh next sunday is the last of USERNAME my truth 😭 😭 😭 😭 😒 🔫. 
USERNAME i did . i ate all 30 while watching the black swan by myself :( 
i missed my 5,000th tweet ! ! ! ! 😭 😡 #shit #fuck #no 
i haven't had a skype date with USERNAME in forever 😔 😥 
USERNAME because you said you weren't the happiest girl :( 
my birthday is saturday ... someone please get me the notebook ! i left my other copy at my mom's when i moved :( 
when are my based vans coming in the mail ? i payed $30 extra for overnight shipping ! on friday :( 
oh my god , i missed the walking dead tonight #sadtweet 
#confenssionnight i miss nobody , like anybody , or have any kind of feelings for any guy ): i feel lonely ! 
USERNAME hahaha aww i miss you too :( (((( only ten more days baby ! ! ! ! ! hahahah titantic ahhahahaha 
#confessionnight when i had to look my bestie in the eye and say bye for another lord knows how long ... #missher #sadtweet USERNAME 
i think i'm gonna go give my dad a big hug and tell him i love him because i don't think i tell him enough . 😔 
USERNAME i definitely will ! yeaah on tuesday ! i really don't wanna turn 19 though :( 
USERNAME im sorry :( ( did you hear about practice tomorrow ? 
USERNAME i keep tweeting my husband , but he wont tweet me back ! ): #depressing 
an hour wait :( it'll be well worth it .. 
i go shopping and it seems they only sell clothes for a skinny girl :( 
my 10 and 11 year old cousins have more people to talk to then i do #fml 
the funeral for her dog was so touching ... couldnt imagine losing my terry after 13 yrs ... :'( #rhom 
#confesionnight jared is my first love , my first everything .. 😔 💔 2years on and off . i miss that , but im tired of being hurt . 
just remembered now that i have a bunch of math homework #fml #notdoingit 😒 🔫 
#confessiontime that text made my heart drop just now . #afraidtoloseyou :( 
USERNAME everyone's dying their hair , :( im jealous . 
my phone has officially been chipped . not one scratch . but it chipped on the corner 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME me to so i could spend more time with you before i ledt forever 😢 
USERNAME :( you not pose to be mean to pregnant women . 
the restore the shore commercial on mtv is really depressing 💔 😪 
#confessionnight i feel like i'm always going to be alone 😔 #nolie 
USERNAME i am always busy and hardly have time to call my girlfriend . </3 babe i hope you know you mean so much to me still USERNAME 
i need to fix this wig if mine and it got wet ! ughh .... my hair is all over the place , oh well . :( 
i wonder if i will ever marry louis :( most likely not 
USERNAME USERNAME verga si para ir al nido otra vez :( 
have a black and blue on my face and i don't know how it got there 😭 😪 😥 
i don't want to go to sleep then wake up and have school the next day :( lol 
lol rt “USERNAME i feel you charlie brown 😔 URL 
i can't even look at beer or liquor today 😣 
USERNAME me either , i just got a stomach ache . 😔 
gonna make these last days of highschool well worth it . we're never going back .. 😬 😔 😣 
USERNAME lmfao i've been sayin tht phrase lately no one gets it :( ((( 
confusion<<<< someone figure out my life for me # :( 
i miss the who already 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i still dont understand why they dont let us wear soccer sweats in school ? #sadtweet 
i never thought i would regret having feelings for someone </3 
USERNAME you'll be sleeping i won't be home till 12 #missyou #wah 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME oh my gosh . so many people got into this conversation lolol . good talk guys . but you distracted me 😭 
#confessionnight i wish i would have realized sooner to trust no one , and we could still be friends . 💔 😕 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( you know you're my fave . i really dislike almost everyone else #loner 
when you have a gut feeling that it's all bullshit #nevercanletmyselfstayhappy #sadtweet 
i wanted good to come from this not drama ): please stop ! 
i'm gonna cry . i can't watch the laker game #sadtweet 
USERNAME 😔 no bueno . just think about how you're a bad bieetch with your flowing blonde locks 💁 
this movie is really getting to me . crying like a baby . 😭 😪 😢 😭 😪 😢 😭 😪 😢 #thenotebook 
USERNAME 😔 😒 i was just tryin to express my feelings some where . no one was supposed to catch that . lmao daamn iit *deletes tweet* 
i may not see USERNAME for a whole 2 weeks ! ! ! ! ! 😱 😱 😱 😢 😢 😢 
that's like the definition of my body hahahah #nojoke #fml #sorry 
USERNAME last time we talked you called me an asshole for no reason and said don't talk to me :( 
USERNAME fuck you ! i wanted to see the around the world , now im sad :'( i thought we were closer . guess not . 
USERNAME USERNAME can one of you bring me some medicine & juicy juice ? :( #seriouslysick 
waah .. crying like a little baby 😭 😪 😰 
thinking about the beath makes me so sad , i miss messing with jameels hair , stealing his food and the piggy back rides . 😔 #takemeback 
i . am . a . basket case ! sobbing :( #thenotebook 
USERNAME i would give anything to be with you :( 
writing my senior presentation speech to my parents make me think about how much i'm going to miss them next year # 😭 😭 #sadtweet #lovethem 
fuck i just want to cuddle up with my b n sleep ! sad thing is idk where its at :-( 
when he climbs into bed with her .... the tears start :'( #tnb 
#honestly i just teared up when allie said on #thenotebook . i'm becoming a puss 😦 😖 
it's almost 11 o'clock and i can't sleep . #fml #firstworldproblems #loosingit 
imma go crazy if me & #oomf don't start talking like we did . and if me & another #oomf don't keep talking . my maine duudes maayne . ): 
this weekend went by way to fast ... 😢 URL 
i think i have a freaking ear infection ): #earshurtsobad 
i dont even know if its worth it anymore 😔 💩 
:( gonna break down . i miss us so much . you meant everything to me and then you up and left and moved away . #why 
too tired and sore ... need a massage 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME 😑 well not when they're coming out ! it's more like when i see someone cry about the baby that's when i start going hard 😭 
the notebook gets me every time ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
ill be seeing you 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i understand wanting to be unique but the poor boy . :( 
#confessionnight no matter what the situation , i almost never text people first because i feel so annoying 😔 
ifeel bad cus ifeel lykk my sister doesn't trust me enough anymore when all iwanna do is help out :( 
so hungry and stuck at work 😔 someone feel free to come through and tip me in fries 👍 
USERNAME :( ah boo i'm here if you need me , always ! love you lotss 
god i hate coming home ! ! ! ! i should've stayed at my sister's house :'( 
joe anaya my ex friend forget about me all the time </3 
i'll be seeing you ! #thenotebook wahh ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
someone come write this paper for me ! ! ! 😁 i just wanna relex ! ! ! 😔 
my #macbookpro is a complete lost guys :'( crying a river here ! 
no more skates left :'( (@ the ice box w/ USERNAME URL 
fuck romulus nigga i did like one at first but he wasn't talking about shit but i still got live for him but time to move on baby sorry .. 😭 💔 
me me me voy a morir lentamente ente ente :( 
USERNAME so sad ): well maybe he's just busy writing me a really long love poem that he will read at our wedding #inmydreams 
USERNAME i know :( we never saw each other to begin w so it's even worse now 😟 & lol my avi don't have my booty 
#confessionnight i'm really scared to go to the doctor tomorrow . he might tell me i can never play sports again . that's my life . 😢 
its so sad all these places that got really badly damaged from sandy :( 
USERNAME lol if you decide to pursue nursing , you'll understan d; it's horrible 😭 
just finished watching the notebook for the first time . shead a tear . :( its so sad ! ! ! 
USERNAME because you can always forgive but never forget ! </3 
such a beautiful place to be with friends . i am happy to be with my friend harry potter . #getsmeevertime 😭 
USERNAME aww one of your songs ? :( i miss youu 
adele - don't you remember #np . fskw tonight , a lot on my mind 👎 😔 😞 😣 😁😪 😕 😐 
the pictures i'm seeing from my bff jenny's sweet 16 in the summer . 😭 #takemeback 
USERNAME i am but in afraid that ill still have to go in there monday ! ! ! :( if so i'm done ! 
this makes me cry every single time . 😭 ❤ #thenotebook 
they died together its so sad but so sweet 😭 ❤ 
USERNAME you're taking gossip girl to prom ? ! 💔 😞 
ohmygod 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😫😫 
i miss my sister , miss watching cartoons with her :( 
abcfamily will be responsible for a lot of hopeless romantic women commuting suicide tonight . #thenotebook 😭 💔 
why is this song on right now . 😔 😔 
is it the movie making me cry , or what ... 😭 
i'm so stupid . i can never do anything right . :( 
what the hell are you thinking ! ! ! ! ! ! 😩 😠 😔 
i miss my baby so much 😔 😭 😭 😭 
i want a relationship like noah and ali 😭 💋 💔 
aww :( .... hubby had to go to work ! ! ! 
#confessionnight i bottle everything up , the day everything comes out , ill be a mess but i always have; i don't know why 😞 🙊 
kinda wish you didn't have a paper to write tonight :( #confessionnight 
in one hour one direction will be a 4 hour drive away from me .... so close but so far ! 💔 
the end of the notebook always makes me cry 😪 😥 
USERNAME just for once please stay out of it . 😞 
USERNAME i'm 5'8 & 1/2 lol . i just got a physical and i'm too tall 😔 😔 😔 😔 
the last scene with allie and noah , dieing together is what broke me . 😢 😭 😓 😔 #tears #sadness #truelove 
i'm all in my feelings and shit now 😒 😔 
“USERNAME that depressing moment when you find out you coulda gone zorbing in egypt 😭 💔 😭 💔 😭 💔 😭 💔 " 
USERNAME true but u are going to are them in dec and i'm not :( 
my mom was like where does USERNAME live ! ! ! ? i was like here in viscyas ! ! ! ! 😭 she was like ohmygod ! ! ! 
USERNAME he is a kid that went to western and . played soccer . he kissed him self :( 
well at least i saw my boyfriend haha even though he was being mean 😥 lolol xad 
what i made for dinner (ladies choice ): risotto (w/peas & garlic), brussels sprou @ mcdowner urban homestead URL 
the notebook ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😧 😧 😧 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😩😩😩😩😩😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😫😫😫😫 
they died together 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
😭 😭 😭 i don't want to work lol imagine if i really cried . 
USERNAME aw :( well , you will sleep good tonight ! ! 
every time i watch the notebook , i cry . ugh 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME ... she's not kidding ... but way to be a jerk lil . 🙍 😥 💔 
the ending of notebook > 😭 😭 😭 😭 😞 😞 😞 😔 😔 😔 💜 💜 💜 💜 😊 😊 😊 
aw lordy bee , the end of the notebook always gets me man . 😭 😭 
aw walked in the door just as USERNAME and USERNAME were walking out 😞 😒 
#confessionnight i miss talkin to a couple people i let go of .. 💔 😔 
USERNAME me too :( (( but don't worry - the party is still going ! can't wait for that midnight surprise ! #pinknationafterparty 
USERNAME i was just waiting on the right time , no need to stay i never planned on comin bck in the first place ! it was comin eventually :( 
“USERNAME why am i so afraid to lose you when you are not even mine ? ): " USERNAME 
gonna watch south park to end this terrible day . but its just to start another ... 😥 😢 
now lemme finish this lil literacy analysis paper . :( #procrastination 
ki d: mom , why did auntie name our cousin rose ? mom :c uz she likes flowers . ki d: what do you like ? mom: richard , stop asking questions . 
that last scene has to be the saddest/bittersweet part of the movie . they both died together and he said 😢 😫 #thenotebook 
#tweetyourrecentemojis 😘 😘 ❤ ✌🙈🚜🍁🍃 😊 🍎 😔 💙 🙉🍂🍏🌿🔫 💋 😳 🐮 💚 
USERNAME of course ! i didn't want you to be mad haha guess i should have realized it was taking it to far 😔 
USERNAME that would be amazing if i did but i dont :c 
just got off the phone with my sister n it's official i'm going back to #nyc sooner than i thought ... :( 
the notebook always brings me to tears . 😥 it'll always be my favorite . 
#eastlubbock shinin bright like a white girl ... 😭 😳 😣 
USERNAME lmfao . man i need help . i'm tryna pass that class 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME because of the end of the notebook ? 😢 
i am not 10 years old so i will not let this scabby knee tempt me , ew 😔 😕 
USERNAME soo mean ... i was jus sayin wassup :-( 
who wants a phone call ? since alec gibson won't let me call him ... :( #thestruggle 
could it get any wirse 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
the ending of #thenotebook always makes me cry . :( 
USERNAME 😾 not funny . i had more chins than a chinese phone book yet still smiled , there's nothing i cant smile about now . ✌ 
it's so fluffy and cute but 50 dollars ! :( for a fluffy rabbit . 
not looking forward to going to school tommorrow 😕 😔 
USERNAME i swear these people were like ......... so not fair :( 
every time they play in the notebook it breaks my heart🎶 💔 
and then they die in bed together . crying forever . dead . done . so sad . 😭 😭 😥 😭 😥 😭 😥 😭 💔 
USERNAME if you're a bird , i'm a bird 😭 
#confessionnight i miss my boyfriend soo much . 😔 😔 😔 😔 he is literally the best thing to ever happen to me . ❤ ❤ USERNAME 
gonna just turn my phone off , smoke me somthing nice , and then look at the stars while i think of you ! :( #loaded 
that was so sweet but so sad at the same time . 😳 😊 😭 
i went to mcds on my break earlier&i rly wantd an egg nog shake & they machine wuz down so i got a carmel frappe instead .. :/ :( 
my mom is making all this yummy food , but i dont feel like eating #whatswrongwithme #fml 
wow the ending of this weeks #666parkave was crazy , definitely make me tear up . poor jane :( 
well thank goodness that cry session is over . #thenotebook 😭 💕 
i want this shift to be over already ! i want to go home and watch the walking dead 😞 
ugh i hate texting people but then 11 at night runs around when i want to socialize and no ones awake :c 
i need halo ! ! ! ! ! :( (( been a fan since the first game came out . id quit basketball for it right now # 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME im gonna miss you all :( 
not being able to talk to angie makes me sadder than fuck :( 
still feel crushed like i'm suffocating from the past 3 days ! ! :( i honestly think i can not work that much again ! ! 
the ending of the notebook always gets to mee 😭 😔 
why do u cry every time even though u know whats going to happen ? 😢 
USERNAME no good sir i dont :( i moved and go to potomac high in woodbridge i might be back next year idk 
USERNAME i know :( rest in paradise USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME 
this week is going to be absolute pure hell . #5days #maybeicanmakeit #fml 
the notebook ! 📖 ❤ now it's time to cry 😭 
USERNAME yup ! the only thing that sucks is that if anything happens the friendship can get ruined 👎 😞 
just cried my eyes out at sinister ... saddest thing ever 😭 
USERNAME thank you 😊 i try to be but i always get screwed over 😔 
USERNAME just come to shs ! 😭 😭 😭 *cries an ocean* 
USERNAME ooh and of course i missed it :( what happened 
#confessionnight my friend don't text me any more USERNAME :( ( opp imma twatch then 
USERNAME im sorry i really didnt tweet anyone today iwas trding and shipping and im sorry i should of told you ! ! :( ( 
auhh ! i have to throw up now ..... :( 
😭 😭 😭 😭 i knew it was coming . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i swear eveytime i get a lighter i get high and lose it :( 
USERNAME i was hoping to get something close to kyla's but i guess it's cool :( 
elderly man found dead in a park :( awee poor poor thang 
USERNAME don't you want to work for me tomorrow and ill take your thursday ? please 😔 
this is not okay i need to see taylor and ed fall in love on stage :( 
the notebook , the last song , dear john , the vow = movies that will make me cry 😢 
i need to work on my communication with my mom . 😔 
.. , so about USERNAME mot calling me back after putting me on blast 😤 😒 😥 😑 
why do all my cats get stuck in treess ughh only me 😿 
i wish i took spanish 3, jills making me watch a movie in spanish :( 
the end of this movie >>> 😢 so cute #iwantthat 
#confessionnight i miss the way things use to be with my dad :( 
he's had his classes for the insurance company . and i haven't seen him but an hour maybe all together :( 
#abcfamily will be responsible for a lot of hopeless romantic women committing suicide tonight . #thenotebook 😭 💔 
#confessionnight i have no friends , just one 👯 😕 😔 
USERNAME ineedtohearitineedtohearitineedtohearit ! ! jackie dont put me through so much pain , omg ! ! :'( :'( :'( 
USERNAME wha :c its a nice sonq . & ouu watever mayra you want him point blank period lol . 
today my mom came to bring me food , i asked her to take me home with her :( #homesick #screwschool 
USERNAME i love you . we always plan to hangout , but dont . like when can you :( 
i'm sorry babe . i feel bad for what i put you through lastnight :( 
i'm pretty sure i have over 100 flashcards for this anatomy test😁 😭 😫 
dunno if i could be any more down right now ... 💔 
i wanna watch sinister considering the last time i saw if i wasnt sober . #sadtweet 
USERNAME i knw girl but i just can girl :( 
USERNAME wtf really ! ! it says on the mail that it'd get to you by tuesday of last week :( (( troll usps 
sometimes i feel as if some of you are to ignorant for even the simple things such as having a twitter 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i know where you live sam ! > :( 
i hope my baby cousin okay 😔 bad things always happening to her . 
watching romantic movies and hating our lives ! #sadtweet USERNAME 
guess maddie doesn't wanna tweet me or text me back . #bestfriendhate 😧 
USERNAME i get sad every time i see this posted in a new place . whyy does he have to leave ? ! :( 
USERNAME can u please get me a job where you work at :( 
my tummy hurts ! :( & i feel nauseous :( 
USERNAME yes please i miss you so much ! ! :( ((( 
#confessionnight i'm broken right now and i'm not sure if i can just brush it off this time 😢 😶 🚶🙅💬 💔 
it's like your main focus once you log in is to make yourself seem completely ridiculous 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i know ! ! ! ! 😞 😰 
USERNAME i was just thinking about that ... i only have one more high school season left :'( 
USERNAME lol ! i got sent down on friday by ms . smith 😔 #lumberjackprobz 
didn't even get to see the ending of the notebook . 😭 
USERNAME aw 😢 i miss seeing you're amiling face everyday 
USERNAME nope ! ! ! ! ! ! i don't want your pity follow 💔 
bruises on my collar bone from all the shooting today :( #gunsighting #goodday 
so i don't think he's coming thru now .. 😞 but i want to know so i can change if he's not lol 
my neighbor stay lookin at me when he outside , but he never says anything :( . and he cute . 
USERNAME i have rugby that night ! i'll be sweaty & ugly . it's a running day :( 
USERNAME never tweets that she loves me :c doesnt even check if i got home safe :c she only yells at me -.-' #depressed 
makes me sad at the fact that i haven't talk to my bestie USERNAME in forever :( where in the hell has he been ? 
USERNAME its like we fell off and this is all your fault just saying )) ): 
why does my life feel like it sucks right now ? USERNAME the dang notebook . love like that aint real ,& if it is , #wheresmynoah :( 
aw , i wanna watch the notebook but i cant find my controller on my bed :( lol 
i think that bho could actually murder someone on national tv & still remain potus & unpunished ! ! ! ! ! wake up people :-( 
USERNAME omg i feel like i'm gonna die lmao :( feel better 
wish it was bearly friday 😩😫 😭 😭 😭 😭 
#confessionnight i'm the one who put the mustard packet in USERNAME book . 😔 
#confessnight i have 47%& when my phone dies , i'm gonna die :( 
USERNAME that was towards you not being on twitter 😔 you deleted it ? ! 😦 
already wishing i could play hooky tomorrow from work .... ugh , monday ! and snow ? ? ? ? it was 65 today ! :( 
all the lame sports like soccer and baseball have the cute guys and then all the best sports have fuckers that look like anthony davis #fml 
USERNAME my bad . i miss you bennie dee :( 
this school year is going by pretty fast :( #seniorproblems #seniors2013 
buying wade and 90% of my female followers tissues right now 😢 
USERNAME i need to update my phone :( i used to have a ton . but my computer crashed n i lost everything :'( 
my car sounds sick . 😔 need to take her into the shop 
ugh twitter is so annoying cant follow my friends cant take a picture ughim annoyed thank u twitter :( 
USERNAME i am cocky 😉 lol i'm kidding . people always favorite me but don't reply to me 😔 
wow knowing that i am going to go to school tomorrow and not have football practice is going to kill me 😒 😔 😞 
tomorrow , i start u . s history with ms . gholston .. guess it's time to plan out my suicide 😢 #killmenow #sheneedstodisappear #dreadingit 
USERNAME i've read mine 100 times and i still don't know it 😞 lol 
they died together on their 50th wedding anniversary #imdone 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME it's raining & i don't wanna walk in it :( :( :( 
i want a buddy to come hit up some video games with me :( #isthattomuchtoask 
USERNAME yeah i had work and so much to do it was a bad day :( but yeah let me check my scedule cause i really need to go ! 
USERNAME USERNAME actually ... i don't have it :( .. so i'd have to go somewhere to rent/buy it ! 
#confessionnight i wish me and #oomf that i've known sense 4th grade could be more then friends . but ion wanna ruin our friendship 😔 
USERNAME okayy , i'm holding you to that ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME but but ... i lavz you . 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME oh no :( i'm going to go have to have a very sad talk with USERNAME then , he's half pigeon 
USERNAME same here ! but sometimes people favorite things and i'm like why would they favorite that ? ! 😥 😥 😥 😥 
blah blahh . i need a life . way to bored :( 
getting sick cause my bed is infront of my window , and all the cold is reaching my body :( 
USERNAME jealous ! ! i tried getting tix to that but i'm not spending $200 for a ticket ! #sadtweet 
probley not going to sleep at all tonight ! ! :( ! this has been the longest 48 hours with out sleep ! 
i wish that when you are going through a rough situation and you're clueless as to what to do someone was there to tell you what to do 😢 😔 
i'm gonna be okay though , i can do this . 😞 
guess i'll go to sleep so i dont have sad thoughts all night . 😔 
😞 #oomf led me on lied to me teased me and then kicked me out to the curb all in one month <<<< 😒 
i need to never watch the notebook again . #ugh #itsbeenreal #depressed 
i miss when my mom used to dress me 😭 
USERNAME uh oh i'm sorry :( just smell ur flowers ! 
never been so upset and regretted anything this much before . i seriously just ruined everything we had ... 😢 💔 
gahh ! ! i really needed that help with my lines :( 
USERNAME damnn first you sell your edc ticket .. now your wiz ticket ? ? 😧 
i miss you , i want you , i need you #ugh :( 
USERNAME i swearvthe day i get to see you , i will cry .. i miss you and ems , manny and manue so much .. it's crazy :( i love you ! 
#confession i hate the fact that i'm not sentimental 😔 
i've noticed at night twitter is either sad or mad ): 
tonight my dad is a facebook whore it's ridiculous #depressing 
man can somebody tell me where that nigga zak at ? i miss him :( 
i don't even know where to start on this chemistry 😳 😭 #help 
holy shiit my head hurts from balling my eyes out 😭 
USERNAME sad i wasn't invited to your party ! :( 
USERNAME i miss you . i feel like we've faded apart and i never meant for that to happen . :( i need my best friend back . 
i'm a freaking bully & i can't even help it 😔 😞 
USERNAME - i've stopped watching bass pros next gen since you've left :-( you where the best part of that show , will miss seeing you 
i wish my daddy was here to rub my head :( #headache #misshim 
#confessionnight i hate that i'm getting thick ! ! :( ( 
really miss having someone to talk to all day&night 😢 #whatevaa 
USERNAME i'm sorry you're having a hard time :( it'll be okay , i wuubb you ❤ ❤ 
:( (@ oakland international airport (oak) w/ 19 others) URL 
USERNAME :( have at&t . but i'm glued to the set . i'm torn actually . smooches honey . 
USERNAME USERNAME i'd tell you at lunch , but julius would never talk to me again 😞 
why do the emas have to come on so late ? i'm tired . 😭 
all i want is more tylenol and my lovey to come home and snuggle with me :-( #cantbreath #needmyjaynow #😷 😔 👃 USERNAME 
i cannot stop crying ! 😭 😭 😭 #thenotebook omg 
you know you're getting older when you're no longer excited about your birthday . #23 #old #depressed 
USERNAME exactly i thought thats what they were gonna show us the interviews :( 
USERNAME </3 i just can't keep pretending like its not irritating the hell out of me . 
i guess that walker did eat lori whole lol :( #riplori #thewalkingdead 
#confessionnight sometimes i feel bad for the green and yellow emoji hearts . they never or rarely get used . 😢 💚 💛 
meg :c hris , you're hogging up all the fans .. chris: well you're hogging up all the ugly ! #familyguy 
i feel so damn sad & i don't know why ! ! :( 
it's so far past my bed time 😭 can't do this paper 
nights when you cry yourself to sleep , then you have to wake up in the morning pretending that everything is okay ... when it's not 💔 😐 😰 😢 
USERNAME is my beautiful bestfriend who i love with all my heart but i never get to see her because i've lost her to ryan </3 but thats okay 
the value of a relationship is not how happy you feel with them but how much someone feels alone without you . ❤ 💔 
USERNAME yeahh sorry :( i never seen it before ! 
USERNAME yeah i have 2 test monday and a project thing due aswell :( #shootme 
USERNAME u aint supposed to .. :( i ruined it 
sometimes i wonder if i'll ever find the person i'm meant to be with . i've waited 22 years and it's really starting to get to me . </3 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME too bad my lonely ass is stuck in ohio . ): 
i'm so glad i got to see USERNAME tonight ! miss you :( 
USERNAME hahahaha doing stuff now . ): tmrw morning ? your night ? 
USERNAME reports were coming in earlier that relief workers were being turned away , including food donations . :( 
myla is such a terrible cuddler , where is USERNAME when i need him ? 😢 
my friends sister saw my shirt she is definitely going tell my friends mom 😥 
because of my mother i missed an important part of the movie ... :'( #sadtweet 
damn i miss going to austin all the time . 😔 #austintexas ❤ 👌 
my mother , brother and sisters went to olive garden for dinner , didn't ask me to go nor brought me back something 😔 #loner 
rt USERNAME i might as well accept the fact that i'm not going to ever be in a relationship . 🙈 😖 😩 😭 
USERNAME he did crystal meth nd went to the er :( 
brothers last football game . 😔 @ temporary housing  URL 
when your dad skips out again to work instead . i mean he is only four hours late but it's whatever i guess . #sadtweet 
USERNAME needs to come cuddle with me i'm a widdle icicle 😢 😔 😩 😰 
jessica makes me sick-_- on the phone w her boo , laying beside me . #getoutofmyhouse ! ! ! ! :( 
i wanna go to a wiz concert so bad 😔 #cabinfever2 #2050 
so sad that i'm not going out with my friends tonight 😔 i wanna do something . 
so casually cruel in the name of being honest #soweek :( 
USERNAME you be busy all the time :( ima make time for you .. about to text yo ass now ! 
some people just don't know when to stop 😔 💔 
USERNAME your gunna hurt his feelings :( i already called him flat face frank today and he cried 
i wish i was braver . 😥 i'm in need of gods strength now more than ever . 
USERNAME USERNAME so how u been ? its been a while . 😥 
14 more days ! why he gotta be so far away ! </3 
i finally got the iphone hahah but i don't have numbers 😣 please text me with your names ! ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm still upset :( i probably never get another chance -_- 
i'm going to miss all the cheer seniors so much next year 😪 #sadtweet 
why do i try talking to you , when i know you'll ignore me . #ugh #fml #imdumb 
USERNAME :( tomorrow morning ? it's gonna be around 10am 
man do i miss you guys so much . 😢 
USERNAME so i'm not going to talk to you nor gisselle on monday & i was all like awwh :c we have good times in mr . nam's class lol 
my battery life keeps going down and i get more and more sad every time i look 😢 
today has been a day full of sickness for me . tomorrow will be better…i hope… 😞 
just wish i understood the way coaches coach 😒 ⚽⚽⚽⚽⚽ 😞 
i still have this pain . where is my mommy ! ? 😔 😓 
destiny is snuggling with cats and i am not :( 
wishing USERNAME would notice an follow you . ! ! 😥 💔 
had to give my puppy away because of my stupid landlord :( 
USERNAME know phone i can get a hold if em from twitter or fb lol #fml 
felt really unloved today :( it's okay tho because there will be a time when the script will be flipped ! 
finally popped USERNAME and USERNAME 's starbucks cherries 😢 URL 
don't know that i have ever been more angry over a movie as i am at the one i saw tonight , but don't worry i won't ruin it for anyone . :( 
we were gonna go see the perks of being a wallflower and then this happened 😞 she woke up when the flash went off . stoopid brits #dayuumm 
cheerleader down ... panic attack after they performed 😔 😞 
i miss my party days and party people :( come on february i'm tired of being on probation :( better yet let's get to may . #21bitches 
this weekend is about to completely be devoted to red lobster and spring scheduling , not to mention all the homework and tests :( #grownup 
USERNAME just tag us in the same tweet with this picture and ill leave you alone 😔 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME i know . that's the sad part for all of us . :( . and that's the best for when school ends . 
USERNAME stream it online only way atdhene t.t v i'm watching it thru there 
someone come to detroit and go to trey songz wiff me :( 
don't be one , just eat one 😭 😭 😭 URL 
USERNAME i know :( i wish i could eat it more 
USERNAME i miss my twin 😔 she ain't shit because she have not called nor text me 
my baby's gonna fall asleep before i do tonight 😢 
USERNAME everything this was the worst day ever ! :( 
good memories ! ! #eww :'( marcellag88 @ lefty's draft house URL 
omg i forgot how much i love this song 😭 💕💕 thanks kimmy 
USERNAME you never give up even when you think you should . 😣 remember the difference between success and failure is never giving up .💪💪😁👌 
i'm eating tacos right now and it makes me think of my bestfriend USERNAME but she is #mad at me 😦 
so no #dndfriday today :( USERNAME was feeling to ill . next week for sure ! ! ! i miss #dnd 
getting some gas for my car , $4.09/gal :( (@ 76) URL 
i can't call anyone buttercup or cupcake without thinking of you . hmpf . ): 
USERNAME i thought my life was over .. lol :( 
the fact i was supposed to be off at 945 n i just now left :( 
USERNAME wahh :( i'm so sad i might just cry babe 
it's only 11 ? ! ? ughh it feels so much later than thatt 😧 
i hate that i don't have it in me to tell you .. 😔 
we were gonna go see the perk of beig a wallflower and then this happened 😞 she woke up when the flash went off hence the hand . #stoopidbrit 
might as well just go to bed . #horriblenight #tiredofcrying # </3 
after a couple years’ respite , i now have a loud neighbor again . :-( 
- im mad he went to sleep on me :( ( 
USERNAME i've met silas twice this week and he still forgets me :( 
it's only 11 ? ! ? ughh it feels so much later than thatt 😧 
did i really leave a special night with friends to come home to everyone sleeping or being rude ? ! :'( 
dropped my puppy today when i was carrying her with a lot of things :( #almostbrokeher #scaredme 
i had a feeling they were going to call .. :'( 
i'm to sick ! :( i hope i wake up feeling 100% better #wishfulthinking 
USERNAME hayy thanks for cropping me out of your twit pic 😭 
USERNAME ): boo u i didn't know u were gonna jump on me ! ! ! ! ! ! 
i'm tired all damn day , just waiting to go to sleep then once it's night i'm like wide the fuck awake . #gottagetupearly #fml 
USERNAME congress & pres . better not mess this up ! #fiscalcliff i won't be happy if they do ! :-( #backchannel 
USERNAME no go bro :( they were all taken already . 
lol , i made a good joke there ! 😔 
USERNAME yeah most likely , i am not 100% sure yet :( 
can't believe i'm missing the wilson-riverheads football game next friday :( #sadtweet #depressed 
USERNAME omg alex :( texxt me if you waant . i loove you <3 
USERNAME i miss having friends :( i kno u miss me ! 
why is my room like -10 degrees ! ? :( 
USERNAME aye good ish i'm bout to stop and get back in shape i'm getting fat 😔 
USERNAME angela's . but who is angela ? i missed the whole first part . :( 
i need a bigger bed , i just spend so much time in it 😒 💔 😢 💔 😪 💔 
USERNAME oh i will ... especially since you never snap chatted me back 😭 
USERNAME come home ! there's scary sounds & i'm downstairs alone . ): 
USERNAME it really breaks my heart 💔 hearing that you cried during i hope your ok ! 💜 i'm always here for you ! 💜 i love you ! 💜 😘 
woohoo ! it's friday ! tomorrow my mother-in-law leaves for st . pete . so no more parties on fridays :( 
(614 ): you decided that walking wasn't in the cards for you anymore USERNAME USERNAME me at 1314 last year . vodka and fuse<<< 
USERNAME i was abt to drive by yo house and drop off food cuz imma good friend . but momma got mad that i was goin hyphy in the car 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yeah purdue , pacers , romney . i would say colts won but he jumped ship :( 
USERNAME for reals ? i thought you were older . :( 
USERNAME nun bih workin for 7.70 everyday this bitch got me fucked all up 😟 😟 😟 😭 
USERNAME lmao that brings tears to my eyes 😭 😭 😭 
everyone has that person they love then there me . . :'( i miss my other half :'( 
umm ... all the snakes in season 6 of dexter ... no bueno :( 
oh my godd , took this picture right when i got home from my surgery ! #druggedup #sadtweet URL 
when USERNAME gets a drink and leaves the cupboard open and i hit my head 😒 😒 😔 
why am i not with USERNAME and USERNAME right now 😭 😩 
seriously tickets to se halestorm are $120 a piece ? ! ? ? ! damn it and there are only 4 left :( USERNAME way lame ... 
USERNAME sounds super bomb but milk does me dirty . i think i'm lactose intolerant 😔 
we were gonna go see the perks of being a wallflower .... she woke up when the flash went off hence the hand 😞 😡 #bitch URL 
thanks for being honest #unitedair and telling us small luggage delay and now staying there is a problem with landing gear #delayed . :( 
it's been so long and i'm lost without you what am i gonna do i've been needin you wantin you ......... 💔 
since i've left high school i feel like nothing is the same anymore 😔 
sleeping off yet another migraine :-( (@ grady house) URL 
USERNAME staph , wut r u doing mariela , staph . why you so adorable for ? kay bye :c 
calambree , calambree ahh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! t.t 
jon's last night at work . gonna miss that kid . 💔 #bww @ buffalo wild wings URL 
ugghh this medicine needs to work faster ... i'm in so much pain 😣 #sinusinfectionssuck 
lol tweet back then , i feel like a loser now :( 
i miss my alex . 😥 4 more weeks . 
USERNAME its not :( its hella fun ! ! ! 
USERNAME :( u wasnt . i was like :o .. :( .. :'( 
missing USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME and even USERNAME tonight 😔 😞 #comehome 
gulliftys dining room has been turned into a theatre stage . what is happening . 🎶 😦 
why did it have to endd 😔 USERNAME you were amazingg ! 
i wish USERNAME was coming home over thanksgiving break 💔 
USERNAME this makes me so sad 😭 i hope he is not a player 
i'll probably wait an hour or so and go check on my love , she's so sick :( . i left her so she could rest , now i'm sad . 
USERNAME i know :( ( haha i haven't played in 3 years ! ! 
:/ can i call yuu :'( ? noo bc yu think i hate you 
ugh unbelievable ! ! ! when its not one thing its another when can i enjoy myself ! ! ! ! ! ! ☹ whatever 
why sleep in the fucking living room , watch tv , and keep people awake when you have a fucking room , i hate this place . :( 
oh fuuck .. im having sweet #cravings & #emotional moments . #fuckmylife #goaway #mothernature #noo ! 
all i wanna do is watch bonnie and clyde but it's no longer on netflix :'( #why #depressed 
USERNAME - i agree wholeheartedly but rarely see that explored stateside :( #halp 
not hardly . i was on the phone when u called both times . rt USERNAME i think USERNAME is upset with me 😣 😔 
USERNAME how have you been i feel like i haven't talked to you in forever 😔 
USERNAME i have to loose thirty pounds 😭 but i can start police whenever i just need my mom to sign some papers which i haven't gotten yet😁 
failed my exam ... :( such a shitty feeling . #sigh #collegesucks 
USERNAME USERNAME i have no doubt about that ; it's just a shame it had to happen at all 😢 just doesn't seem right 
waiting for someone to text me but i'm pretty sure it won't happen 😔 
pretty ricky . yes lawd , but i can't tweet any of the song bc my phone might die :( . 
alrighty den . nothing to see here . movee along . 😔 😕 
suddenly i miss my ipod touch 😔 asan kana ba kasii 😔 
USERNAME aww shit me n tramecia tryna go out :'( 
i didn't get no love when my name was called :( 
USERNAME sam come home . we love you . pleasse 😔 
i feel bad when somebody that knows me comes up to me but i forget there name . 😔 
laying in bed watching one tree hill .. the only thing missing is USERNAME 😢 
today was supposed to be a good day tho 😢 
USERNAME christmas break :( (( so like a month :( 
USERNAME i wish ! but i don't have money and my parents would never pay 😭 
last taco toss of the year :( (@ the lighthouse) URL 
we should have won , you guys deserved it ! going to miss you all :( #seniornight 
USERNAME literally miss my other half . 😔 😔 😔 😔 😩😫 😭 💔 what do you work sunday ? 
lowkey i want to take my bottom out though , lol it hurts & i hate pain :( 
USERNAME haha okay ! and i would make him but the basketball team has to work concessions at the ut game :( but he needs to come more ! 
USERNAME i'm sorry ... i try not to be . i guess it's not working 😢 
lonng day . super tired . and being sick doesn't help . #headache :( 
she's flexible & works out too .. :( ( ... i never thought i'd say it but .... i have little to no chance with all that ass 
USERNAME are you ok darlingg .. tell me about your life before i ramble about mine </3 
curb rashes my rims ! ! ! ! ! ! #fml ! ! ! ! so pissed ! ! ! 
but just to think ima be stuck at work all day tomorrow makes me sad :( 
if you end up leaving .... i will break into pieces ... please don't go ! 😔 
im about to have a heart attack my chest hurts so bad . ): 
USERNAME USERNAME i seriously miss you two soo much 😭 💔 #bffs 
joy nose gear broken and we are taxing back to the gate :( 
sucks not being able to have what you want 😔 😞 
no i'm gonna chill this weekend i've got to work all weekend 😔 
town bizness rt “USERNAME wanna see USERNAME rap USERNAME #ucanttouchthis ? break it down (oh oh oh oh oh oh ): URL 
bawling . 😢 😢 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 URL 
USERNAME wahh ! :( my self esteem just dropped from like an 8 to a 3 ! 
can't believe ill be 19 my next birthday wow growing up sucks ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! who wants to be that old :( (( 
i just can't understand what goes through your head . </3 
USERNAME it's just not going to be the same without you 😥 
USERNAME don't be blasting me cuz we are texting ctfu i miss you tho i haven't seen you all day :( lol 
USERNAME same :c waitwaitwait , there should be no crying because you're beautiful and perfect ok ? c: 
ugh , life is really hard when you're the ugly best friend USERNAME stop being such a hottayy 😞 😞 😞 
there’s really only one person i want to talk to , but that just won’t happen . 😔 
i always end up hurting someone , even while trying to protect them ... like 😔 🔫 
i'm hungry again ... why am i getting hungry so fast ? :( 
i need to go somewhere ! being at this house is going to make me go crazy ! i just wanna lay down and cry ! 😥 
i really wish i owned the corpes bride . :( 
USERNAME i am just hella lost and i dont know what to do right now . :( 
ditto xo from canada rt USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( miss you jennifer 
every day , i'm tweeting USERNAME that i love him until i get a response from him . this can go good or bad for me . lol :c hopefully great . 
USERNAME agreed horrible movie alex ;) lol i miss you too :( 
i really feel so sorry for her . that's such a terrible thing to go through . 😞 
USERNAME tweet me back after you finish wiping the tears out of your eyes . 😢 😭 😪 
USERNAME is hurt right now . ! 💔 😔 i hope your ok justin ! 💜 you smile i smile . 💜 #imalwayshereforyou i'll always be here .... 💜 
big booty hoes & weed & big titties everywhere 😭 
someone please come give me a hug and tell me everything's gonna be okay ... #please ): 
sometimes i think , more than one year will help me to get used to things , until i remember it's forever . i love you #dad 💔 
when im listening to music with my head phones on and i'm singing aloud , i swear i sound just like trey songz ! or is that just how i feel ? 😔 
losing your keys is a really quick way to fuck up your day . maybe one day i'll outgrow this dumb shit ... but then again , maybe not .. #fml 
USERNAME shes so lucky ! ! ! ! getting long hugs from all of them im crying :( will i ever be this lucky ? :( 
i have the worst cramps in my stomach right now 😔 
USERNAME i have a sinus infection 😣 can you give me a shout out to cheer me up ? #loveyou 
maan i left my dam charger at his house ughh :( 
& now i'm hungry ! i haven't eaten not once today ! 😔 😥 
i just want these people to come home so i can go get some food ): 
i can't find nobody number ! im too bored :( 
USERNAME me too ! ah . there's nothing in lewisburg :( 
i wish i had time for a social life ... #depressed 
USERNAME this makes me so sad because we don't ): 
why is nikki reed such a pretty bitch ? :( 
iswear my ex erica will never leave me alonee 😣 😖 😤 
just don't feel good at all #night 😴 😞 ✌ 
well this cavs game is over . going to bed mad/sad . 😡 😥 
USERNAME aww i miss your hugs too :( i am good ! i have been soo busy this week ! and you ? how are things at lhs ? 
😱 how rude ! ! ! 😔 USERNAME @ seguin hall URL 
USERNAME oo whadda shitty bestfriend d: ( fine then > :( 
USERNAME im sorry :( your gunna be so tired ! ! back at 6 am ! 
some things i see on twitter just make me sad :( 
hmph , my life kinda sucks without him . i have no one to act silly with or give crazy names to anymore . 😔 
the money , the cars , the hoes . i suppose 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME a bus filled with people , and i have no one to sit with :( URL 
i just hope that you eat your heart 💔 out 
USERNAME okk ! omg i seen tay at the movies i was like omg ! omg ! omgg ! ! ! ! :( i miss you guys ! 
waking up because your teeth hurt really bad #help #ouch #tired 😞 😴 
nobody has an iphone charger in my house :'( *crying* 
why can't me and my crush hangout and date 😞 😒 <<<<< #uglyproblems #singlelife 
it's amazing how fast your day goes from a 10 to 0 😔 
#depressedtweet someone that's actually happy ..... text me and cheer me up . 😥 
its hot af' in my room but cold outside . :c 
i'm still really mad orange leaf took away my two favorite flavors . #fml 
stupid cupid , got his bow in a twist . 😠 😢 
i think i'm gonna cry when i see vicky tomorrow :( it's been so long ! 
r . i . p to elliot the gecko 😭 you will be dearly missed and you fought long and hard little buddy . ill miss you 💔 URL 
masculine voice :c heck , hornrims: check , weird atheism with conservativism: check . 
USERNAME :( ......... wish my brother was here tho ! 😞 
wish i could have been there to support the boys in their last game ! 😢 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME tweeting with no phone pick up shame on me :'( 
in the worst cuddling mood ever .. so cold 😔 
never burn your hand on a straightener . #hurtssobad :( 
really missing my friends back home right about now ... 😔 
USERNAME if i had a car , i'd come over with soup ! :( 
USERNAME you heard right , but i tried getting in the navy and i failed the test two times :( 
my spring break plans: getting my wisdom teeth pulled 😭 
😔 rt USERNAME if someone looked at your page they wouldn't even think you had a girlfriend ... smh ... 
USERNAME i know ! i'm so upset :( you have to introduce me ! ! ! 
just wakin up && igotta wake up to bullshxt . cryin my eyes out right now :'( 
USERNAME until you run out of money , are in college and can't get a job then you can't go to as many shows as you want . :( 
nixon will be two soon 😢 where did the time go 
i wish USERNAME would come home and lay in bed with me 😟 😥 
traffic into the city is insane-o right now . 😧 
all i can say is , i’m crushed . speechless right now . 😭 
USERNAME way to act like you were melting while giving me a hug at the tailgate #igotcha :( 
competition in the morning , gotta wake up early as hell :( so goodnight ❤ ❤ 
USERNAME thank you ! <3 i miss you pete ! ): 
i want USERNAME to call me so we can catch up since i miss him but he's too cool for me :'( 
USERNAME aww :( ... hi grettel ! want a cookie ? 🍪 
USERNAME i wish you didn't have to stay home tonight :( 
really debating whether i should go to homecoming or not 😔 #help 
last saturday of going to scott stadium for the season tomorrow :( ( the 2012 season is flying by too quickly 
nixon will be two soon 😰 where did the time go 💔 
USERNAME im only 2 years older than u ... unless i'm not 1 of your good friends :( 
i missed my 3,000 tweet . so this tweet goes to USERNAME USERNAME for making it through another tour ! ! ! ! im sad to see you guys go :( 
i'm in the dark and USERNAME sends me this you know that i h8 clowns so much :-( fck u melanie fuck u URL 
“USERNAME rip the swamp monster you were a great bong #sadday URL my baby on her birthday 😭 
USERNAME i'm sorry baby :( are you guys still up ? 
USERNAME USERNAME you guys are assholes 😭 😭 😭 💔 
tuxedo-bieber and neo-queen selenity broke up ? ! ? ! there is no such thing as love , is there USERNAME ? love is only a j-pop duo . :( 
my car just hit 60000 miles i could cry ): 
sitting in my boyfriend's house . alone . what's missing ? my boyfriend 😔 
it's been two months since i cuddled ! :( i can't wait until i am married so i can cuddle rightfully . 
tomorrow is greyson's concert & i'm not going fuck life & my friend is coming :( ((((( 
i wish i had boy sweatpants and a sweater to sleep in 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME ahh i'm so upset now ! she just texted me and said she misses me and loves me . now it's meaningless :( 
USERNAME and then you realize you can't really do anything about it .. #sadtweet 
USERNAME :( next time . any plans 4 the weekend ? besides practice , haha . 
nevermind its not safe cause he's drunk 😔 😔 😔 
finding out a couple of my cousins went out tonight an they didn't invite me :( 
USERNAME i will be there ! for sure ! i didn't go to this past one :( 
USERNAME haha not for awhile lol i'm in texas :( 
what does it take to get USERNAME to notice me ... ? :( 
USERNAME i found a skull candy one i wan t.t o add onto my roses . 
keeping him out in the cold after he got better . i'm so horrible -.- USERNAME ))))) ): 
just another perfect selfie of myself #justkidding #letmebeher USERNAME 😔 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME ): ): ): thanks for the invite jerks ! ! ! ! 
i'm trying to live right and give you whatever's left of me . 😔 
let me just eat my feelings , just be prepared when theres nothing left . #depressed . 
#oomf sad because i didn't take a picture with them tonight . 😣 
but now , i'm starting to feel sick . :( #notcool 
i love them ! i don't want it to be over with selena & justin </3 
USERNAME damnit ! i just took a bus to the theater and it was sold out in milwaukee :( 
😔 💔 it really breaks my heart hearing USERNAME 's heart is too ! <3 i'm always here for you justin ! 💜 💜 💜 💜 😘 always i love yu ! 
USERNAME me either 😞 but the next one is 4 months away ! can't wait ! ready to be back ! 
left #roseland without my champagne facial . thanks USERNAME :( 
USERNAME i guess injury don't have the gift of pulling 90's out of my ass 😔 ..... but i'm proud of you though ! 😊 
USERNAME miss you too ! and yaay how's escuela ? i'm good , bored but good ahah . their good oli's all grown up ): aha and your famm ? 
cuddling with my grandma under the heated blanket .. i miss this 😞 
USERNAME and yes u would cause now u cant come get me ): 
dreaming of you makes me cry so bad because i can just see selena getting killed in the movie 😔 i love the song tho .. 
god , i have no life . ): #thuglifehomie :. 
USERNAME hell yeah ! the only thing i dont like is that there so pricy 😔 
idk why but my calf muscles are like aching 😭 
all work and no play makes me a dull girl . :( 
USERNAME u seen me all day an didn't tell me a thing 😔 lol 
i have the worst fucken headache ever 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME you even told me you would let me ride in itt 😭 😭 
right bout now he will be laying next to me having a brother & sister talk :( 
USERNAME smh i'm counting down the minutes i'm pooped :( 
i hate this feeling , don't know why i care but i do 😔 
my baby is not here and i'm still watching disney jr smh 😔 
USERNAME ahh you have twitter ? i miss you ! :( 
dammit ! i knew i should've asked for that picture . #dumbass #retard #duh 😔 😠 
USERNAME awee , did you text me ? i been at kacey's parents all day today w/ no service out there :( i love you too , girly ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME i guess i just don't have the gift of pulling 90's out of my ass 😔 ..... but i'm proud of you though ! 😊 
there's a first time for everything 😑 😞 😥 @ chevron URL 
USERNAME lol besides what was supposed to happen didn't :( 
USERNAME agreed :( but hey , mcdonalds always solves everything ! 
USERNAME stop tweeting harry ! how am i supposed to do college stuff :( 
why do i watch scary things at night alone ): #imnotthatsmart 
USERNAME when i burp , i get excited . farting hurts . :( those usually make me sad . lol . 
USERNAME if you see this tweet follow me please ( it will never happen ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ) :( 
USERNAME i am going to try asap :( still i'm the process off moving and i don't even have my computer with me yet 
USERNAME i won . eat shit . 😔 😁. wuv uu 
i'm laying in my bed thinking about how amazing tht concert must have been ... 💔 
i miss my old friends 😔 #youknowwhoyouare #pleasetextme #ifwedonttalkanymore #imissyou 
damn my sister would be turning 20 tomorrow :'( ima try to take 20 shots for you sis if not i'll do 4 shots cuz you been gon 4 years ! 
ugh i hate feeling like this .... completely ruined my night :-( 
so emotionally drained ): just wish my baby would feel better so that we could both go home & sleep in our bed ): 
me- these pants are getting big on me . my brother- oh you dropped 12 more pant sizes ? ! #fml #hesajerk 👎 
USERNAME awe did you drink medicine ? i'm sleeping next to an open window basically naked and i'm still sweating :'( . 
i'm not mad cause you parked in the handicapped spot and you're not handicapped .. i'm mad because you got there first 😾 🚘 
why does nothing ever go the way i want it to ? 😞 #sadtweet 
woo it's friday nightt ! ..... and i'm in bed ... 😞 😑 
when you really want a coffee and no one will buy you one :( USERNAME 
that was a legit slap in the face .. 😔 
so if anyone cares i have no phone . :( so if you need me tweet me ! ! ) 
with my room being all clean ... ifeel alot better ... now ineeda do laundry ): 
my stomach isn't agreeing with me and i need to drive this car home ! 😔 🔫 
i hate when i let the f word slip at home ): 
USERNAME me too ): i went there today & saw the perfect sweatshirt & it was 60$ ! broke my heart ... lolol 
USERNAME the replacement for USERNAME is neither funny nor a good actress . boyd’s father is weak too . really affecting the show . :( 
USERNAME funny thing is , i'm sober . just fuckin love you guys . missed your noggin tonight girl 😢 💋 
USERNAME goodnight stranger ! ! ! since you're not following me either<<<<< ): 
USERNAME hard to explain but we are going thru some stuff n ppl are getting involved in it tht shldnt be :( (my daughters daddy .... lol) 
USERNAME so far away 😞 but when it does get here , party in the green room 👗💄🎉🎊🎈🎵🎶🎧🎤 
USERNAME u'll most appreciate my #nerdlife right now , have a research proposal due tom morn on a gene that nothing is known about :( 
USERNAME USERNAME don't talk to me like we're friends ? ? meanie butt 😔 
USERNAME dammit :( my edrenilin will be pumping i think i can knock out the security (; 
haven't felt this terrible in a long long time :( #sickgirl 
i wish we were on the boat right now :( #summertimes #summer USERNAME 😘 🍻🍸🍹🍧🚤 
USERNAME USERNAME you guys finna make me cry knowing you guys are sad :( 
lmao even if i wanted to 'twerk' i couldnt cuz i don'ts gotsa ass :( boohoo 
don't like talking about me & him 😔 cause idk what happen 
i miss having movie channels . i can't watch bridesmaids and easy a all the time :( 
#teamlittlebooty where you at ? ! ? ! ? 👎 💔 👀 😥 😢 go home 
& the pains gets worst ! lord knows the depo had done me well . 😥 😰 
only kinda jealous looking at USERNAME and USERNAME ig post :( lol #lonely #missmysisters 
USERNAME it's so depressing ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
just realized that i won't even know if hot boy comes hunting at my house in the morning ... because i won't be here . 😔 😢 😩 
taking so much cold medicine ... i just want to be better :( 
USERNAME oh yess ! ! ! ! lmao i miss you already ): 
USERNAME you think so ? i dream of meeting them everyday ! :( i love them so much :( 
wish i had soup and my cuddle buddy 😞 #7days #homebound URL 
belly button peircing closed up in a matter of 3 hours :( 
don't even feel like doing anything tonight . 😞 #tired 
even thoe david can treat me badly :( thats my love . baby come back (in your voice) lmao . 
USERNAME USERNAME dang nascar was code for prostitution . you weren't suppose to say anything riggins the feds are onto me . 😧 
USERNAME forget what hurt you but never forget what it taught you . #wisewords 💔 👌 
you don't really know what heartbreak is once you go through it yourself .. 💔 feels like you've been hit by a train . 
there's nothing and nobody to do anything with tomorrow :( i need a buddy ! 
basketball in the morning .. to watch :( #concussion #titans 
when he rather party than be with me .... :'( 
USERNAME i wish i could retweet this 100 times . i agree . i miss it though ): 
sabrina be so mean to me for no damn reason #loner 😢 💔 🚶✌🔫🔫 😞 😔 
i really thought she said sunday ! and i made plans for saturday and now i have to see what imma do -__- i'm mad ! > :( 
USERNAME damn . i knew we should've texted you ! 😢 
USERNAME i did but they didn't let us on the main floor :( 
USERNAME i miss you too and USERNAME and USERNAME and dina </3 
fuck man now my foot is defiantly fucked up 😣 
USERNAME honestly bummed this didn’t turn out to be a the onion dig on gadget solipsism . :( 
USERNAME i love you & miss you ! ! ! ! 😭 
i know not 2 mess wit that nigga no more . cause all he wanted 2 do was fuck ! smh . not falling 4 that shit again . #lessonlearned :( 
can't believe selena and justin broke up ... way to go USERNAME #sosad 👫 💔 
missed my partner in sushi tonight . just wasn't the same :( 
USERNAME haha that's hilarious ! i really miss last years team :( 
the fact that ill never suit up in orange and black again<<< 😔 
ya win some ya lose some ..... i always seem to lose some 😔 👊 
i want to go see paranomal activity so bad . ! but have no one to go with .. :( 
USERNAME my mom keeps telling me scary stories and she scares me :( 
me an my kiddoz watchn alvin an the chipmunkz :c hipwreckd 
staying off social networking sights tonight .. :( i just don't understand 
USERNAME i know right im about to watch a movie with my pillow and blanket :( 
i really hope we work this out before or on my birthday . t t.t t this is upsetting me . :'( 
USERNAME lmaoo woo ! thank god . yeah i'll be there 1-10 😔 you ? 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME check my last tweet ! lol the picutre .. it won't let me mention you guys :( 
ugh 😢 feel for the boys so bad . you should be proud of your selfs fellas . really proud . 
trying to cuddle with maciell while she's phone cuffing 😔 lmao 
USERNAME well i'm at school 2 hours away from my house so i don't have a choice :( 
tonight was perfect in so many ways , yet so imperfect . 💔 
USERNAME i feel like this is the beginning of the mcfamily breakup ... 😭 
only 13 more lbs to go ! only 10 days tho :( 
i really don't wanna get up in the morning ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
that promise can been broken smh 😱 😨 😥 😰 
my roommate had old school 3d glasses i immediately pulled up this image :( URL 
USERNAME USERNAME <-== #fml #disneyland #shegotstuck #loner . #sad #sheisdepressed #samisalone #thatswhatshegets . #funnyshit 
my knee is swollen :( smh :( so on that ////good night :-* 
USERNAME it's biebs fault . he's goin bad . i'm scared . he always looks high :( 
the look on USERNAME face when i walked in the door >>> i want to cry 😭 
there's only 2 people that could save me ... & neither of them talk to me without me talking first . #fuckmylife #onsomerealshit #subtweet 
guess my dog doesn't like where his i put his bed 😢 #sad 
USERNAME USERNAME how come im never with you guys when all the fun stuff happens ? :( 
i wish the bad things didnt happen & i stayed with my ex it was great with him . now were strangers again . #imissmyboo #cnd :( 
one of my friends overdosed on heroin tonight . he sounds so different . i think it messed up his brain :'( that breaks my heart . 
like for real this dog hasnt coughed once all day and now when im trying to sleep he wont shut up :( #poorbaby #shh 
about to get the shit scared out of me with my roommate 😳 😟 😭 👻 
USERNAME lmao i am calm ! i'm babysitting idk what to do with kids at this hour😫😫 he wants candy but it's late and won't stop running 😭 
jelena broke up :( (((((((((((((((((((((( this is like zanessa 2.0 my first two otp are done 
thanks for being there mom , i really appreciate it </3 
the fact that i'm not having no more sex till i come back to cincinnati 😒 😔 😞 <<<<<<<<<<< 
do you ever just sit and think ... i #miss my #grandpa 💔 
i miss angel , & tete & chris s . & murk .... i miss my homiess yoo :( 
i don't know why . but today felt kind of depressing . #sadday 
i wanna hang out with USERNAME & USERNAME & USERNAME & USERNAME & all my old friends . <3 😔 
enough is one of my favorite j . lo movies . gets me every time . :'( only a coward would put hands like that on a female . 
USERNAME about to do some combat training in a few , not gonna go online until release . and i don't really play zombies . :( 
i see USERNAME on tv more than i do in person nowadays . #sad 😔 
#iwillneverunderstand why tmh hasnt came out in the usa #fml 
USERNAME bummer no stream tonight :( good luck lions ! ! 
talking to my mom always makes me miss her :( #mybestfriend 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm sorry :( i'll bring my bitch mary j next time 
USERNAME so you’re not doing the review then ? :( 
i miss how close my family used to be when we were younger 💔 
bored out of my mind ... #fml #sucks #bored #needsomethingtodo 
USERNAME i miss you :( i need you in mah lifee 
my bestf done broke my heart that was in construstion :( 
USERNAME where you at ? just went to stub and erbs and you weren't there :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry 😪 😔 this song reminds me always of dillon & lareanz 😢 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME overdose , yolo . lol i'm gonna die :( . you're cold , i'm sweating bullets . wanna trade ? 
USERNAME USERNAME maane , it sucks not having any friends :( 
are we us are now a my achievement is the way :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i agree i tried to rt your terry but it wouldn't let me :( but i second that thought 
USERNAME and USERNAME break up ? ! ? ! ? 😢 this is depressing news 💔 
the game went well but i feel like crap and it was freezing . i wish my pictures didn't disappear :( 
USERNAME lol . i'm not home and without a charger . #hurts soo bad . haha now i'm at 9 :( 
USERNAME me too ! i've only ever saw one tho 😔 
USERNAME i wanted tomorrow to be my lazy day :c 
omgg they are too emotional right now ..... :( ( idk what to say ... 
justin is hurt :( omg i feel for him :( USERNAME i wanna give u a hug :( 
ahh' bouta' scream to tha top of my lungs & let tha world knw my stomach is fckn' hurting me ! ! :( 
USERNAME i know :( so much that's wrong putting children & adults as slaves so we can have so sad . 
i wanna stay in .. but their forcing me out ! 😔 lol 
i miss my mom , i just want to tell her about all the stuff that has happened 😔 😔 😭 😭 😪 
USERNAME USERNAME you need an id . if you don't of say no :( 
14 hour work days are killing me , so glad i don't have to be in til 1 tomorrow . hello sleep ! 😞 😴 #exhausted #needsleep #zz 
USERNAME aww mama monaco ... mite as well b 3 million miles frm me 😢 😢 
USERNAME i work until 3. :( working life blows . 
USERNAME i knw rite , i dnt think im on her dreams :'( tht sucks 
USERNAME ): URL watch this . maybe it'll cheer you up . 
so we go to walmart to buy eric's nephew toys and eric won't buy me anything . 😔 
justin & selena are really over ? ! 😢 #depressed #nohope #ripjulena 
it's werid not texting USERNAME we text 24/7 :( #whereareyouhiding 
USERNAME i got my shift covered tomorrow so i won’t see you ! :( 
USERNAME when i'm sober : stressed , thinking too much , in my feelings . 😔 when i'm high : 'dawg , fuck everything' *hits blunt* 
saw the cutest guy ever :c but i'm all ugly lmao 
aint it crazy when ya love swept , you do anything for the one you love . anytime you needed me i'd be there , like you were my favorite drug 💔 
why did i not take any pictures of date night ? :'( 
s/o to USERNAME for never getting me my shirt 😔 
i have a feeling you can't beat this game without cheat codes :( lol 
babe :'( right now only you will make smile :( with a follow :( i love you so much you my world ! <3 
i seriously never want to go back to school 😭 😭 
be mine doe ? 😁 no ? k 😔 lol 
USERNAME lol awe 😔 and idk i'm with my friends i'm pretty sure nothing though . ay frioo 
and now reality sets in .. hate this feeling :( 
USERNAME really disappointed that neither espnu or espn3 is covering any of the matches tonight :( 
i miss my purse that USERNAME has had for months :( 
making early ejaculation jokes to cyndi laupers time after time :( 
hate being a girl right now . :| #fml #screwmothernature 
looks like im not driving in the morning ... #ohwell :( 
didnt get to see none of my youngins tonightt 😔 😔 😒 ! 
USERNAME what did i do i’m sorry ! ! ! 😔 
USERNAME ikr . 😔 so depressing that justin is hurt . 💔 
too bad we don't have brian this weekend tho ! USERNAME #bangbang it's silent tho ! 😢 
draydray never wants to take pics with me :'( #notcoolenough 
all i really want is for you to hug me really tight and tell me everything's going to be alright ... :( 
aw :( rt USERNAME the galaxy cinema in cary closing on sunday URL 
am i the only one who has no idea what snap chat is ? yeah , thought so . 😧 
omg omg i feel so sick i wanna go home 😭 
so apparently justin bieber and selena gomez broke up . they were so cute together :( 
i want USERNAME jostled brains to get better so we can go for a blondie date at the bar :( 
i really want that dress though :( #$4000 #how #why #designerdressprobs 
ppl need to stop hating on selena ok stop ! USERNAME we feel for u .. :( 
i lost my high school musical 3 movie .... #sadtweet 
exactly 😒 😔 dariannaa: USERNAME lol yeah i forgot about the babyy .” 
seriously ? :( rt "USERNAME sad . not the place . USERNAME starbucks 2 replace the main st bakery @ magic kingdom URL 
#thingsmydaddytaughtme i never got to see him . to learn 😔 
so jealous that USERNAME lives with her boyfriend :( i need a night cuddle buddy ! 
i hate my auto correct ! ! i look like an idiot who can write for shit ! ! #fml #iphoneproblems 
USERNAME i'm okay :( babe ! love you so much 
USERNAME how come you never come on anymore ? ? :( we miss u <3 
i want a kitty so bad :( my dogs are hard to play with #lazy #boring 
USERNAME i should get one to match hahaha i need one already 😣 
its freezing in this house .. perfect time to cuddle with someone :( 
i really want to go out tommorrow but with who and were ? :( 
i'm an idiot for not going to the basketball game tonight . instead i'm sitting on the couch watching a movie called .... cool . 😔 😒 
guys this is my official first tweet through my iphone 😭 ❤ 
i just want somebody to call me , and fall asleep on the phone wirh me </3 
watching the j . shore after show and seeing USERNAME and USERNAME argue made me tear up 😥 #wah 
my friends arent talkin to me no more :( cause i'm a bitch 
i used to hate jay z . i like him now though .. i feel bad for hating him now :( . ermahgerd . 
i've been in such a good mood all night until i realized i have a practice act tomorrow 😔 
USERNAME hey , love , you should create a fb .. haha ... and USERNAME still ain't text me , :( 
after work winghouse smell is the worst ! ! ! ! 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME omg steve ! don't say that ! ! i'm terrified of clowns ! 😭 😭 
my emotions have been fucked up these past few days 😞 
very sleepy , and i really don't wanna work tomorrow feel like shit :( 
USERNAME :( she ani't get me one ? -___- tuhh okay *flips hair* 
the #awkwardmoment when you stop by your ex's to give his sister something and he acts all sweet and hugs you and shit . #liar #fml 
constantly cry at the thought that basketball is gonna start and end in a blink of an eye 👀 😢 
USERNAME if i were not feeling sick , i would head that way and meet up with you . :-( 
i hope the news about them is not true . i don't wanna see them break up :'( #jelena 
forgot to get back at cass for facetime ! :( 
crying isn't going to bring him home .. but it's all i seem to be doing . </3 
time goes too fast when i'm with USERNAME 😔 … 
bitches be like he's my everything i love him ( : *the next day* fuck that nigga he aint shit im getting me a girlfriend </3 
freezing our butts off 😿 ❄⛄☁🏂 @ pine summit chapel URL 
maybe if i had a boyfriend too , i wouldn't get treated like shit from my bestfriend /: 😔 
i hate it when i am being compared to other people ! <//3 badvibes ! ! :( make me happy :( ( 
omg why did i just do that .. holy shit .. :( 
i'm so happy to see USERNAME next week on love games but its just gonna be a tease :( 
thank god i have fridays off from school because i'm up at 6 am saturday and sunday 😔 
gross , my weight is so much over the average weight for girls my age :c 
its friday and i have nothin to do again ...... #fml 
USERNAME how are you do sure ? i can die in a car crash ? walking down the street*gets shot & dies* or idk but vas a ver 😭 
walk it out just came on ! 😳 college and high school i always dribbles by myself for a hour or more to this on repeat ! 😔 🏀 
USERNAME i know ! i'm getting old , i can't keep up . :( hahahaha 
USERNAME give him a couple more years hopefully he will make enough for y'alls and ours 😭 if not we are fucked ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME me too , fatigued and crashed at 7. missed my jazz concert :( 
USERNAME where did biebss perform today ? :o i heard he was crying on stage :( (( 
why do i pronounce my ls as ws ? :'( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME really ? ! i'm so sad now ! 😥 
USERNAME omg i just want to sleep tho :( ((( 
i don't think imma be able to see my boyfriend 😢 😢 this weekend <<<<<<< 
how have you been ? hopefully good . miss you :( 
double fistin' it tonight ! ! celebrating veteran's day ! ! #veteran #usn i lost that scarf .. my favorite scarf .. :( URL 
when USERNAME is mad or simple with me < ): 
USERNAME your are so welcome ! ! i wish i could come sunday but i have a birthday party to go to ! :( #bestfriendsforlife 
smfh rt USERNAME taboo wor d: sausage . USERNAME clue: smh . 😔 
USERNAME isn't it weird to think she died in 2006. the number makes it sound like forever ago but i feel like it was just yesterday :( 
USERNAME it is what it is . :{ ). #mustache 
that's so upsetting .. i feel so bad . :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry . :( i just have a lot of shit on my mind . 
coming to the psades ? .. wanna take me get some food ? .. no ? .. ok :( 
car wrecks are my worst fear . 😭 👍 😔 
USERNAME good . :( just keep your mind on the money for now i guess ahaha , i'm sure you'll find a new job soon ! 
i forgot to eat my pumpkin pie i made ! 🍰 :( 
thats called blinking sweetheart , its normal rt USERNAME my eyes keep closing :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( you're one of my best buds in the world and i never see you and it bums me out . 
i’m just gonna go to bed . #confused #longnight 😞 
current status: detecting stealth attacks from 7 year olds . i'm not at all prepared for ninjas . :( #fb 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! ! ! :( (( 
USERNAME did i actually ? ! im sorry :( maybe next time you won't resist the pinky swear .. 
decided to not go out tonight . i need a chill night to myself . however , i'm pissed i didn't go see dethklok with USERNAME 😭 #madatmyself 
if i didn't have a snapchat you wouldn't of saw bryce ! stfu .... let me cop that charger bro . i'm on 5% :( 
someone please go with me to toughman tomorrow night 😔 #youknowwhoyouare 
last high school football game ever #sosadd 🏈🏈🏈🐾🐾🐾 😭 😭 😭 
the fact that my dad wont be home at night for the next 2 months<<< 😟 😥 😢 #daddysgirl 
so upset me and daniel aren't staying with each other tonight 😞 this is the first time in like a month or more #sosad 😩 😢 💔 
USERNAME but i miss you soo much everyday you aren't there and i get all depressed and want to kill everyone :( 
just when i think my old wounds have healed and turned into scars , something happens to rip them right back open :( 
my dm's are always lite up blue like i have a new message but when i look i dont :'( # foreveralone 
USERNAME ohh great u want to break up with me now for him 😢 
nothing hurts more than when your father tells you he sucks at being a dad ... 😭 
my last pep rally :( #best section ! USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
i miss you , even though i'm trying my hardest not to ! 😔 
USERNAME i live in us west coast :/ oregon is where its at and they never come here before :( 
it's unreal how many of you ill miss . why am i doing this with like 8 months left ? 😭 
USERNAME 😔 id come over if i wasnt about to pass out ! 
USERNAME ya it is :'( i wanna just go to bed now cause i'm so sad for USERNAME :'( 
just driving from the airport to the house seeing all the damage from hurricane sandy up close is so sad :( 
my mom is taking her anger out on layla . i feel so bad . :( 
USERNAME yes :'o i want mine that long . 😔 
USERNAME this makes me wanna cry :( i want everything hello kitty 
USERNAME that kid whho looks like a lil bitch :( 
listening to the weekend with a bad ass tooth ache :-( 
USERNAME : gotta appreciate the girl that just burnt the whole 2 pounds of squid that took me 1 hour to clean ... #fml #smh #lossmyappetite 
i think i'm fallin for my bestfriend . :( ( 
USERNAME did u know their are rumors that you passed away ? ? ? ? ? :( this is not cool . 
USERNAME i know me to :( i love and miss you ! ! 
(507 ): im glad the only reason we got out of bed today was to get halloween candy on sale . #candy 
USERNAME don't nobody care ! just bust it fa a real nigga (me) ! lol what's the matter shawty folk ! ? 😞 
i swear i can't wait for tomorro bc today wasn't worth shxt fr 😢 
stomach hurts ! 😢 can't wait for my hair to be done so i can go to sleep . 
900th time i've seen forrest gump ... and i still cry 😢 
catching up with USERNAME on break over starbucks> miss you already 😭 
USERNAME no munchkin cat . :c they're like weiner dogs but cats .. 
oh twit ! i have hardly twitted all day ! im sorry my love :( 
after all the times you've been mean to me :( 
so discouraging when you're trying to save money and you go to target and they just got a ton of new clothes in 😒 😞 
darn . i'm out of diet coke . bummer . #sadtweet 
i come home and my parents are asleep already . :( 
why are all the cute guys either gay or muslim ! ? ? ! ! 😔 😔 😣 😣 
i have to work at 5 tomorrow :( #no #sadface 
i started basketball practice on wed . and my legs are so sore its hurts to walk , climb stairs , and even sit down all the time ! ! ! :( :( :( :( 
first payzer breaks up now jelena wtf ! ! 💔 💔 🙀 
USERNAME those too ... ): what's wrong boo ? text me ? 
USERNAME where are you ? haven't seen you yet :( 
USERNAME haha u are not the first person to say that :[ ] 
😢 😢 “USERNAME justin bieber and selena gomez break up URL 
no one put me in a #ff today . aww . :( 
ratchets in the house ... oh wait i live here 😔 
don't think this world needs me , what's the point in living ... i hate depression i feel like i've been this way for a while :'( 
this night didn't turn out like i planned . #sadtweet 
hope im not gettin sick , my throat hurt 😔 
told my mom i would clean my room , came home and fell asleep , why did she wake me up , that's grimmy , she show me no respect 😔 
was happy alex was home tonight & id get to fall asleep in his arms but he's out on the couch and theres no chance of me wakin him up . :( 
i haven't seen the lakers play in the longest :'( sportscenter and twitter updates is teasing me xc 
i feel horrible because i wanted USERNAME to go and you had to work :'( 
USERNAME just me over thinking every aspect of my life :( 
couple hours of editing ... and then go to up load and my domain is being updated ... :( @ castle de la swango URL 
USERNAME yikes ! that will set you back on basketball too ! :( 
USERNAME gepot my condolences :( ... is lols d lols i knw ? ? ! ! 
my dad just almost started crying that made my heart drop 😢 
USERNAME the bungie dev team didn’t want to help :( 
at greene turtle hanging ou t.t here playing country .... (@ the greene turtle) [pic]: URL 
disappointed they don't have ramen for dinner :( (@ rikyu) URL 
USERNAME USERNAME wahh i miss you guys :( should have came back ! lovee youu ! <3 
havin to wear shorts n dis weather its soo not da business 😔 😁 😳 
ya me quiero regresar a méxico :( no me gusta el acento de la gente de #wisconsin :( 
i don't want to work tomorrow during the bball game , wahh :'( 
i'm ready go bed , cause i'm in some type of mood 😔 ✌👌 
i just mean , you're so cute . and that means no woman gets you :( no offense intended 
USERNAME i know ! but its your instagram ! sowwiee :( 
its barely gona be 9 and im fighting to keep my eyes open ): i wanna stay up ! ): 
USERNAME USERNAME i hope it's just a rumor .. :'( 
my last high school football game ... :( #cantbelieveit #unreal #thanks for the memories <3 
anyone wanna go eat some coldstone .. oh wait that's right i'm in sleepy eye 😫 😭 
bt its da comfiest thing i kan wear dat wnt bother my tattoo 😔 
legit best night of my life so hmfar at college jesus christt ❤ 💚 💜 💙 💛 💗 💜 💜 💙 ❤ 💔 💗 💔 ❤ 💔 💗 💔 ❤ 💜 ❤ 💙 💚 💛 ❤ 💙 💜 
rubs tummy USERNAME bruh my cramps hurt so bad :( " 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i just bought a 12 :( ((( 
USERNAME it's hard to text when your phone is broken along with on if your wrists . ): 
cut my arm tonight ... 😕 😔 i was doing so well too ! #alwaysgettinghurt 
(917 ): she just stared at nothing and then looked at me and goes , 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME missing my girlfriends tonight 👎 😿 #megabed #chirping 
USERNAME thanks i'm devestated this came up last night . i don't think he's gonna last 😥 
USERNAME i cant wait eitherr ! you have no idea what its like being away from everyone for more than 3 months ! :( 
i told my self i wouldn't cry ... then i realized its over .. 💔 
i wonder if she loves you as much as i love you ? ? ? #sadtweet 
i hope it really wasn't a wasted night ... ): 
looking at the hawks recap it looks like USERNAME did get in the game for the hawks tonight . for less then a minute :( go #wahoos 
ughh i wish i was at the justin bieber concert tonight 😭 
i've never gone to tuttie fruttie , pinkberry , or yogurt land 😞 💔 
it's not even 9 but i feel like it's way past midnight . 😔 
why i am crying is because i am sad miss my sister and my brother i am way far from them :( i wish some really cares what i feel wish 
i don't like when you're sad ... :( #talktome .. 
khloe made ellen go into the tent with her 😭 😭 URL 
omg idk how to accept my followers :( i have so many but they wont go through wtheell 
intimidating is mean . :c why don't you ever text me ? 
tem alguém/algo batendo muito forte aqui no portão de casa e ma deixando assustado :c 
the weekend i have off there isn't shit to do 😣 
jus got off ! back iat it again in da a . m :( ugh 
USERNAME can i volunteer with you ? c;< jk ^~^ omg ikr ! ! ! ! i'm like freezing to death :c lol 
being on a diet around the holidays sucks 😔 but will be soo worth it ! 
are you freaking kidding me ! ? thanks #oomf for the heads up and info . can't believe i was actually thinking twice about it ... </3 
i'd go for a run , but it's impossible with this broken knee ........ #fml 
my face is getting round again , but i can't stop eating ! ! ! 😔 #fatgirlproblems 
no words being said , hate traveling home after a game like that 😞 
USERNAME no ... :( franch i didn't get to see 
wish i could wear sneakers but my feet are too big :( 
USERNAME that what i'm here for ! plus i miss ya buddy :( 
i wish tonight could've gone better then it did and i was with everyone 😢 
i hate not having a bedroom in houston anymore . i have no sense of home anymore . that's why i'm never here over 24hrs .... :-( 
lol mine and USERNAME 's break up song ... 😞 💔 URL 
USERNAME lol , only microwaveable . and we don't have no microwave . :( 
so tired n lonely :( wheres a cuddle buddy ! ! ! ! ? ? 
the fact that skype doesnt like me & USERNAME ): < 
USERNAME fa sho . nobody's tryin to do that :( 
im a fucken dumbass theres still some english words idk lmao :( 
USERNAME me mish you :'( just a text plz . all i ask . 
sorry i looked so ratchet tonight guys , i won't planning on going to town when i left the house . 😭 😫 
i need to do that but it's hard 😭 😲 
why do i always randomly unfollow people ? ! #waahh 😭 😭 😭 😭 
is so stressed , how am i supposed to pay for all this ! :( #godhelpp 
USERNAME me too ! it's been too long . :( 
USERNAME same ! i stay up and go on twitter to increase my chances of meeting USERNAME one day ! :( 
USERNAME it better have shia and everyone else ! or else it will probably not be a good movie . :( 
17n @ summit rd (scl ): :slippery/wet roadway reduce speed 
17s @ summit rd (scz ): :slippery/wet roadway reduce speed 
USERNAME omgg i need more of that show in my life . i miss cable > :( 
after seeing the script tonight i just wanna move to ireland :( 
USERNAME it makes me sad i'm not in fort worth with you </3 
since braelyn is sleeping i guess i can study some more 😞 #lazy 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm sorry i really wanted too :( 
my belly hurts so bad ! i just want to be home in my bed ! ! ! 😩😫 😖 😥 😞 😴 
USERNAME please don’t kill yourself . i care about you :( 
USERNAME true ! but this is my last year :( 
USERNAME its a shame we live so far apart ): #loveyouboo 
USERNAME i think everyone has nieces and nephews , i want one… i feel left out 😭 lol 
i mean if you're into that sort of thing .. 😦 
😥 this is why i hate all of the people who have managed to not make it out of my past and into my present and future . 
USERNAME but you ran out when i asked for another one </3 but you know i love you <3 besties since last year lol 
6 to 6 12 hours to long missing him 😔 😒 
USERNAME wtf you talkin bout uou already left ? i thought you left in like a couple days 😭 😭 😭 😭 😫 wow kayla . wow . you've changed so much .. 😒 
these hoes went to sleep on me ugh can somebody call me :( (( 
USERNAME me too :'( i'm freezing by my lonesome n can't feel my fingers :'( 
the fuck is this shit ! ? dexter's laboratory is in spanish on cartoon network ! i was all excites to watch it to ! :( ruined my damn night ! 
jb and selena seriously broke up ? ? ? whhahh ? ? :( 
blood gushing out my nose like three times a day now :( (( 
USERNAME i had to leave for workk :( im sorryy ! 
USERNAME USERNAME he was following me for a while , up until recently . 😞 USERNAME 
its not been the best evening that's for sure ): 
! ! ! ! ! rt USERNAME man . i gotta work in the morning 😔 
USERNAME cause he hates me and USERNAME 😪 😭 URL 
omg justin & selena have called it quits . this is a shocker . 😦 
i wish age wasn't a factor . *sigh* it is what it is 😔 
biggest head ache , tummy hurts and im closing tonight ! ! ! ! ! 😲 😣 
#iwillneverunderstand why you can't get everything you want . 😠 😥 
with as much as i sing , you'd think i'd have some kind of vocals by now but nope 😔 
oh my goones ya se me acavo mi frappe ! </3 
this is pathetic . i'm getting teary-eyed as i shop for dc apartments . i don't wanna leave york , pa . :( 
i hate the nights when i waste make up :( 
don't know what to do anymore .. i hate growing up ! ! :( 
when USERNAME phone dies and he isn't even close to home ... :( 
story of my fucking life . 😔 rt USERNAME responding to texts while half asleep , then realizing you made no sense . 
wanting a relationship like the notebook or the last song :( 
USERNAME can you tell your boyfriend i want my husband back :( 
nights like these make me miss you the most 😔 
USERNAME ha ha . love it ! come back to fb , i miss you :( 
whittier lost a kindergartner today to a house fire . pray for the family :( 
USERNAME sure is ! ! ! im sad the tour isn't coming to the west coast :( but i get to see jared and colt tomarrow ! ! what do u mean 2/3 ? 
USERNAME i don't wanna watch , i wanna play too ! 😳 😔 
my stomach does not feel how it should be right now :( #scared 
USERNAME awhh , come over i'll help you , no wait you didnt do my homework last time 😔 
i'm also part jealous you're back home in nyc and i can't be yet :( haha 
USERNAME awe man :( i miss you tori you an paige ! how long y'all go be here for thanks giving ? 
shin splints nearly have me in tears right now… :( oww 
nothing is special about my nights anymore .. i do the same thing every night . :( 
USERNAME we found someone who can play all day ! wish it were you ! ! :( 
USERNAME lol watch they're gonna get back together 😔 😒 
USERNAME nicki r u coming to san antonio , tx . sunday ? please be true ! ! ): 
can't seem to get #oomf of my mind ... 😔 
USERNAME do u see that circle up there on the left ? that's no signal . :( URL 
“USERNAME i don't know what to do anymore . 😔 meet new people . 
i really wanna go to monticello with my gf .. 😥 😥 😥 ill find a way ! ! USERNAME 
doesn't know why i let such little things bother me #fml #sadtweet 😒 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i wanna go ! ! ! :( 
7 months ago i was the happiest girl in the world . i had a amazing boyfriend that i loved and seen everyday . and now ... it's all gone 💔 
USERNAME is my new found best friend but she won't bring me scrambled eggs ): 
USERNAME wish i was going :( remember when we all went last year ? #goodtimes 
god i could have had atleast another 30 min of sleep by now .. > :( 
i'm gonna watch red dawn without a date on thanksgiving ! :( 
that's the only time i got over 100 retweets :( 
USERNAME :( thanksgiving break needs to hurry the hell up ! 
damn someone just posted a white del sol for 3500 on craigslist . why couldn't that have happened back in august ? ! 😣 
on a real note guys , it's been fun but ya girl has got saturday school in the morning lololol 💋 💋 💋 #g2g #fml #seriously 
my heart hurt a little bit when i logged onto twitter and saw #ripjelena trending . USERNAME USERNAME 💔 
i will never forgive myself for not getting that stray cat 😰 😢 😭 omg so sad 
USERNAME i miss you more :( you coming here tomorrow ? ! 
USERNAME USERNAME soo im pretty depressed that i missed that :( i totally could have made it if i had seen the tweet . 
every time i cough . my tail bone feels like it's about to fall off . an every time i cough . i feel like i wanna throw up . 😞 
my hunny buying me a new necklace tomorrow since mines broke today :'( i felt like crying 
ii really hate to see people that ii love go thru something ; iit really does hurt mhe , bcuz ii know hw iit feels to go thru a lot ! 😢 😢 
i still cant believe they broke up ! no more justin nd selena #sadtweet 
so my baby just went home :c i had so much fun with him today . god babe you're so fucking amazing ! ! ! <3 USERNAME 
i have such a paranoia in making sure everyone makes it home safely at night :( #why 
i feel empty .... i wish nick would wake up and talk to me ... i don't like this at all ): 
USERNAME goodluck tomorrow baby you better send me pictures :( ((( waahh i wanna go with you . you are gunna be perfect #loveu 
USERNAME i am dude just i felt i left you guys hanging 😔 
USERNAME so bummed that you didn't make it on USERNAME last night . you should've one of the 3. :( 
wish my boyfriend USERNAME would stop falling asleep on me . ! :( #sadtweet #goodnight 
USERNAME haha maybe we'd see if you lived here ! 😔 
i'm sleepy and ready to go to bed , but ... oh wait , that's right ... i no longer have a bed at my parent's house ! 😣 
i miss you more 😭 come play with me and rachet 
USERNAME ; 😧 , not you 😯 , you can keep yours 😬 
wish i waz in a car or drivin a car right now to go home instead of walkin :( ( 
late night meal ... :( last one ! ! #workhardplayhard flounder and egg whites ! #yum #eatcleant @ hell's kitchen URL 
once a kd , always a kd ! love my girls ! #aggieforlife #aggienation #sadtweet 
i already know , fakest person i know . its like that when your team no phone ): USERNAME 
time has gone by so fast . i remember being a freshmen like it was yesterday 😔 
i can't let how anyone else feels about this get to me , gotta keep reminding myself this is for me 😞 😣 . 
smh :( , thats bullshit idoonnt believe you , let me be . 
everything rushin through ma mind .. iont kno wat ta do at dis point 😖 😢 
i can't see USERNAME like seriouslt abd you leftt me ! ! ! 😭 
r . i . p to the watch in my avi 😢 😓 😥 😪 😭 
i've always wanted to go on a date . hmph . that'll just be in the back of my mind till it happens :( lmao 
fawken USERNAME ! you thought with the wrong head in the last episode ! that shit might get you killed :( . pussy aint worth dying for 
sinister was such a creepy ass movie . might not sleep tonight . afraid to look out windows . 😣 #mrboogiesgonnagetme 
how USERNAME rather play his new halo 4 game then text his girlfriend . #jerk #sadtweet 
USERNAME guh i miss all our talks we had last year and all the fun times :( want be tha same ! i love you beautiful 
i love high school :( i never ever ever ever wanna graduate ... 
USERNAME no . plus i haven't called them back because my leg has been just shooting with pain the last few days ... :( 
now im jus layn here ................. #bored outta my head ! ! ! :'( 
hope no ones looking for a black cat ... because its dead 😭 😭 😭 😭 #imsorry 
i'm on my last episode of heroes 😢 #soupsetting #favoriteshow 
i dnt have a heart she took it when shr left me :( 
now that i know you like me , i'm going to talk myself out of liking you , bc it's just what i do :( 
9 am class on a saturday 😔 🔫 good night 
under like 10 blankets . no charger and phones gonna die . :( 
USERNAME yes & don't say that it hurts my feelings forreal 😔 😔 😔 😘 😘 
USERNAME please talk to me ): people are politically retarted . 
USERNAME yes i doo ! ! 😔 😔 😔 😞 😞 😞 
i was singing & de tld me to stop :( 
i really wish i knew how i could have done better . 😢 
cuddling with this body pillow . i wish it was you 😞 
i miss my fat daddy :( i wanna see my avery baby ! 
USERNAME awh you missed it ): and yus i am coming out to ghetto town just to see yo face ! 
USERNAME dude can we steal them though ? i'm broke as fuck #carproblems 💔 
currently sittin here in atl thinkin abt my love ... i swear i miss da shit outta her already :( 
USERNAME USERNAME oh how i wish u were there tonight leanne 😞 
USERNAME my computer won't allow me to import your mixtape . struggling . :( 
i'm at my bed in #nitm :( (@ stetson square apartments) [pic]: URL 
going back to belo in sd . won't be the same without you guys ! 😔 💔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME we're outside didn't know we had to rsvp :( come get us ? 
USERNAME stop bein punished so i can see my mooncricket :( 
USERNAME need you to text me ! ! :( #now 
USERNAME wouldn't be the first time i heard that ): 
the only reason i'm not doing the boot scootin boogie tonight is because i didn't bring boots :( 
today has not been a good day for USERNAME :( 😞 
it's days like this where i wish i was born a boy . normally never have this much pain . 💢 😞 🔫 
😦 😧 😯 oh ! 😑 you see how the people be treating me 
so in just 2 mins . hnde ki na birthday , ang sakin . he forgot my birthday again . :( 
USERNAME i'm freezing and i'm wearing 3 layers :'( lol 
USERNAME this shit makes me sad . i’ve lost you . 💔 #nohomo 
USERNAME so not fair that the us has to wait till jan . for effortless to be released . 😢 
i hate waiting . 😭 🔫 @ da crib URL 
USERNAME i know that ! but the face :( lol nvm . 
sleep , i need you now ! why do you have to be so difficult ? 😞 
i miss these days ! my modeling days :( URL 
USERNAME are you joking ? why are they mean ! > :( 
USERNAME i just came home , blazed as fuck and need to wake up at 8 for werkk :( 
if only my bf knew how to say the word no 😔 😔 
USERNAME why ? :( thanks for letting me cut btw ;) 
i just wanna cuddle up and go to bed .. 😔 
me & him used to be the most bestest friends . what happened to that ? 😞 
i seriously don't know what i would do without my sister 😭 
USERNAME you better not do what you did last time and ditch me and everyone else :( 
so in just 2 mins . hnde ko na birthday . #angsakit he forgot my birthday again ! :'( seriously ? 
he was teaching me how to drive 5speed , i defiantly need more practice 😔 😔 😔 
"USERNAME he got me so messed up this night .. rip lil'dee 😔 URL rip my lil cuz 
my car sounds like an old sick man :( #poorstew #runningerrandsformypops 
all i want for christmas is a signed pic of my fav bad girl USERNAME 😭 why can't i meet you ? ! 😫 💔 
i'm gonna cry when USERNAME leaves . 😭 don't go to college . #bestfriendss 
where's USERNAME when i need him oh yeah he's asleep :( #needhim 
some what jelly that USERNAME is gettin closer to nyc ! i wish i had tickets so i could go but i guess 4 now all i could do is dream :( ♥ 
sometimes i hate it when i have to babysit 12 year old .. cuz they make me listen to one direction on repeat . 😔 fml yo . 
my baby is going to be 1 in five months . oh my god . 😢 
none of my brothers have a girlfriend & i'm like 😭 because i want them to get married move out & have kids ! 
USERNAME hahah shut up 1. it was full 2. nobody even checks it and 3. you never come home to see your boy :( 
work at 9am all i wanna do is sleep so hard tomorrow </3 
USERNAME USERNAME you said you were working today & i don't like bothering you then you were wit tori :c 
listening to the music from sin city :( makes me want to go so bad 
USERNAME thank u for the follow ! ;) USERNAME i love tw soo much it hurts :( hehe xx 
USERNAME i don't feel goo d: ( thinking of you , anticipation is setting in :( ( 
across the ocean across the sea starting to forget the way you look at me 😔 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i cant go monday :( i can do tuesday 
sometimes i wish my life was like a book already written out for me . than i wouldn't have to make complicated decisions :( #notcomplaining 
USERNAME 😧 😯 cot baa baa ! ! wtf did i do now to earn this unfollow ? hahaha u a trip . 
USERNAME i miss you too ): at least you can smoke i haven't been able to get high since before we left , evan misses his girl too <3 
there growing up so fast 😢 @ muhl ranch URL 
ahh man ! bad day and missed the live chat with USERNAME :-( 
USERNAME i wish you where here so we could go together 😔 💅 
i think i need to go on anti depression medicine or somethin . i feel like i just wanna break down and cry , like every day recently :( 
seeing a boy cry might be one of the saddest things every ! ! 😢 😥 😢 😢 #gonnacry 
tell me why do i love this man so much 💔 
i need an id by tomorrow .... if you look like me then help mee bc i'm littllee :( 
my closest friends from high school got the number but not once will use :( 
i'm such a baby , yeah , the dolphins make me cry , but there's nothing i can doo - i only wanna be with youu -🐬 😢 😘 
i need to be drunk . ! ! ! like now . ! 😢 😢 
i went to sleep too early now i'm going to be up all night :-( 
feel alone and misunderstood on top off that overwhelmed and sleepy smh ! 😢 
finally midnight ! i can have my chicken wings now 😭 😏 
dnt kno . how to feel at the moment ... " ! ! :-( :-( 
pretty awesome day just turned to hell . :( #sadtweet 
can't sleep . i wish you would just call back and make everything better , but you always make me do it for myself . 😔 😒 😢 💤 
the worst part of my night is him leaving :( 
USERNAME 😔 what's going on please tell me why is she doing that ? ? ? 
USERNAME oh you didn't appreciate my call .. ? :( 
going to bed alone tonite :( but its better than being with you #forsure 
USERNAME man noo :( im in north america hhah :( 
i'm officially about to give up and idkk what to do :( 
USERNAME noo idea im just tryin to stay awake ): 
- i can't wait until i get my upgrade . my phone is messing up due to the fact i dropped my phone multiple times already . hmph ! :( 
USERNAME and i just wanna start a life somewhere , i hate that i'm so tied down here 😔 
USERNAME is it really that bad ? ? ? :( ((((( 
i'm exhausted my legs feel like they're about to fall off . seriously thinkin bout just falling asleep on a park bench . #fml #homelessbum 
yes , its true . justin drew bieber is now a single man . </3 kinda sucks . r . i . p jelena </3 
:( i hate this feeling more tthan anything :( :( 
coding heavily in java for a week now - after a year of #scala , it feels different - i find myself writing a ton of wrappers and builders :( 
just accidentally ripped my last pair of contacts . glasses every day now ... #fml 👓😩 😢 
i don't feel good :( ( i'm ready to go home and sleep . 
USERNAME i miss you mamma bear 👯 💔 ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME i am officially in you guy's conversation . so yea 1d huh ? guess who didnt go ! if u guessed me you're right :( 
hate this feeling :( :( so stuck that its crazy 
writing a research paper on west nile virus on a friday night :( #isitwinterbreakyet (@ starbucks) URL 
why is it so hot in my room ? ! 😞 
USERNAME what ? ! ? ! they aren't supposed to at all it was this whole big thing agenst it ! 😔 😠 
USERNAME lmfao that's good man you have some1 here in orlando i got no one :( 
but i wonder how USERNAME is feeling right now ... :'( #beliebersarehereforyou 
USERNAME word . like how ya gone jump a midget ? 😭 . slow 
dnt kno how to feel at the moment ... ! ! ! ! :-( :-( :-( 
i realized that i've grown so close to you to the point where i am attached to you . lol #fuckmylife 
i wish things would be the same between us 😠 😞 
USERNAME i hope not ! is nest complaining ? ! sad face . :( 
USERNAME lmao i feels you , i need my beauty sleep too , but my bed ain't ready for me yet :( , lmfao goodnight <3 
i either have the flu or lymes ... great ! :( probably going to the doctor tomorrow because i refuse to eat and i can't lift my arms . it hurts 
USERNAME but ... i have a full sized bed :( 
USERNAME cussing ha always been a problem for me especially the word if fits so perfect anywhere lol :( 
sleep aid ? hmm wonder how many i should take .. 😔 🔫 💊💊💊💊💊💊💊 
aww ! USERNAME tanging sa event place lng sila magsesell ng bundles ? ? #truthbetold o.o aww ! ! ! basag nako ! :( *le cries* 
can't sleep n we have a early day tomorrow :( 
USERNAME i don't mean to come in ur personal life but beliebers have a right to know if u and selena are dating u guys were in love ? ❤ 💔 
USERNAME need hank back asap . going nuts without him . 😢 
i miss USERNAME when he spends the night with fam & friends 😔 #momtweet URL 
im so sad . im lonely and i want a boyfriend :( . . . . lol just kidding , im watching porn . 
uh oh , instead of departing , we are deplaning ! ! ! a 1-4 hour delay with possible out of commish overnight . #united 1156 in den . :( 
miss havin USERNAME to always give me advice .. 😔 
USERNAME :( i was never one of those girls who planned a wedding . and now sometimes i’m scared i will never get married :( 
i can't even concentrate with my eye irritating so much :( 
ugh i want too erase all my fucking memories :( 
when everyone just stops texting you & you feel nonexistent . <<< 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME i actually wish i could set it lower .. :( 
i don't like texting first , i have to admit it .. i feel like i'm annoying you .. 😔 🙈 
nights like these i just want someone to skype :( #subtweet 
USERNAME wish you could drink a tall boy with me . :( 
not being able to put any pressure on my foot <<<<< #fml 
every time i put on the anti-chip top coat my nails start to chip ... 😞 
this is why i hate you im the dumb one for falling for somebody like you lesson learned :( 
im all lonely now .... mulan fell aslep on me :'( 
soo about o go2 sleep , but im not at all sleepy :( 
even more #failure with every turn and interaction today . may be time to leave twitter . :'( ~~{~{{@ 
i wish i had some butter pecan ice cream :-( 
USERNAME me 2 .. i work soo much though i just got off work and back at it tomorrow at 7 to 3 :( 
USERNAME USERNAME damn i'm having trouble keeping up with the convo 😳 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME me too :( but i guess things happen for a reason . the world just hates me . 
i fucked up my senior season on some bullshit . 😔 
USERNAME i know ! ! :( now he’s prob gonna get with some skankk that’s not as press as selena 
USERNAME ): i deff thought of u guys but it was last minute ! mañana vamos a frontera ! ya downsies ? vip in that bish too . 
USERNAME i don't appreciate u ignoring me whenim around 😞 
justin and selena broke up .. my heart is a little broken :'( #jelena 
that moment when you have to leave someone's side you have been around all week . and , it hurts your heart . </3 
USERNAME i know i'm so sorry :( it's on tv , i couldn't pass it up ! ! ! 
^____^ ayerr <<---- hable con #cupidoo <=== pero no me hizoo casoo :( :( :( ^___^ ♥ ♥ ♥ 
&&&& i need to c you soon or i'll cry 😭 
USERNAME sowwyy :( we left right before it ended lolol 
don't know what to do at this point , i guess just let it happen #sadtweet #shouldhaveknown 
USERNAME i'm sorry i didn't say hey ! ! :( 
i no kokos going dumb , n i'm missing it :'( 
USERNAME i know ! i got so happy when i heard the music , then turned around and it wasn't there ): 
USERNAME USERNAME i tried to keep a smile on my face all day but all i heard was so .... waah :( 
just love having people take things out on me when it's totally irrelevant to me at all #fml 
i'm gonna miss cheering at the football games 💜 😢 🏈 
i just wish it was going to be more than for one night 😞 
my phone is being mean and saying i have a message when i really don't #tease 😭 😭 😭 URL 
omfg ! justin bieber and selena gomez ? , broke up ? shet ! anyare ? naiiyak tuloy ako ! :'( :'( bakit ? >_____< 
my mommy said she misses me sleeping with her every night ! 😔 😩 😥 #imissthat 
USERNAME i know ! it's cold now . you kept me warm :( 
USERNAME i can't hate you remember ? and girl you take forever to reply :( #loveyou haha 
USERNAME USERNAME 2-1 for campbell river at end of the second jenn . :( 
i want USERNAME & her twin's hair soo bad ! but i can't stay away from clippers .. 😔 
i dont know what to do anymore #fml 😢 😢 
im an oc fave , but im trapped in this hell hole called colorado :( 
wearing your sweatshirt always brings back memories ... it still smells like you too 😞 yea i know .. lol i still miss you . 
and to make it even worse , it's cold 😣 
USERNAME thank you :( he's okay they just don't know what's wrong severe chest pain 
USERNAME sad to see you go from bluebloods tonight . ❤ you since spin city . 😢 
i'm so upset that i'm missing USERNAME birthday for the third time in a row . ugh i'm such an awful best friend 😔 
it breaks my heart seeing one of my closest friends so upset .. i wish i could do something :'( 
USERNAME i'm sorry 😔 what's wrong with you mytia ? 
it's 9pm why isn't anyone on their twitter game right now ? i'm bored and alone 😭 😭 
ill find away to make it without you .. </3 
i hate plucking my eyebrows , it hurts so bad 😁 😔 
USERNAME yay ! ! ! ! ! wish you were here tonight though :( 
i wish someone would just tell me what im suppose to do .. #iwillneverunderstand 😥 
pretty sure i just woke everyone up on washington heights a fucking spider just crawled on me ughh😫 😭 😵 
i wanna die my hair blonde or red :( ( 
they left my room like this :( #ihatethemsomuchrightnow #jk #ilovedemniggas URL 
i want drunk calls from everyone tonight since im in the house :( 
USERNAME yes i entered ! i made all my friends enter too ! ! i really really love tw :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i wanna come :( let's do dinner next week ! ! ! 
: o :( -.- :x -. x ; my faces for tonight 
USERNAME right ? >.< ugh im broke haha forever poor :( 
--i hope i don't cry tonight , but i'm already knowing i am since i been soo emotional lately ! :( 
sounds like i missed an awesome concert . #typical #wahh 😭 😩😫 😠 😡 😤 
USERNAME on instagram .... ji bored ... i miss you too ! ! ! ! :( (( wyd ? ? ? ! ! ! 
smells like something is burning .. oh wait it's probably me 😏 😤 😣 #ughh 
just finished #themarriagemistake and all i can say is can't believe i've finished the series :( 
i really just had to go find adrienne to pull them off 😔 
i'm so cold , i just want to go home :( 
my parents are going out tonight and i said i was going to have a party , but then we remembered we had no friends :( 
USERNAME USERNAME wish we could have gotten our faces rocked simultaneously ! :( 
USERNAME ill miss you too 😭 😭 😭 😫😩😫😫😩 😖 😖 😖 💔 💔 💔 💔 
i'm starving :( (( to go to mcdonald's right now or to not hahaha 
since they don't wanna take me i have to lay down pretend i'm fine and go to sleep 😒 😔 💔 
i have to wake up early tomorrow to go work on the farm :( fuckin cows ! 
i had a dream a boy got me a kitten . fuck . 😿 💔 
USERNAME is better off with me😁 😊 😳 shut up robert 😣 
USERNAME again soon ? ! ? i was gonna ask u about ur schedule next wknd but totally forgot ! we didn't really get a chance to talk much :( lol 
USERNAME naw u wasn't dont try me u know it lol game ! ! :( 
my arm is still numb from my shots today . :( 
USERNAME im dying #ripjelena 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
we used to talk like a everyday thang , now it's just '' ha hello " 😔 😔 #seriously 
USERNAME awee i miss og duce duce ... :( ill be home nxt weekend 
wtf am i suppossed to wear for nanis bday tm ): 
hate watching a scary movie and not having anyone to cuddle with #sadtweet #scared 
lol srsly no one ever texts me back 😔 😔 😔 
i cuss a lot more when in scared . 😣 
unless you do your laundry completely nude you'll never be done ! #takesforever #neverending #fml 
i left fede at the office for family dinner 🐶 😔 
tore my acl and the liquid came out of my knee . emergency room tomorrow yay 😔 
fuck you mother nature . fuck you . 😒 😔 oucchie 
refuse to cry so i'm goin to sleep goodnight 😔 
this place served me bug soda . :( (@ thaiphoon) URL 
oh my gosh justin and selena broke up 😭 😭 😭 
i'm just not having a good day 😔 i wanna go crawl in bed &&' sleep😴 
i dropped my light up spongebob in the sewer :( 
USERNAME :( the other katy is driving in you should too ;) 
i want to face time w my bf USERNAME :( 
USERNAME uh i'm mad i didn't get to chill with y'all :( 
USERNAME stop :( text me i wanna know what happned at the game ! ! ! i wasn't listening when you told me on the phone 
im not enjoying myself like usual where is my other half USERNAME at ? ! hurry ! 😔 
USERNAME yeah i've been sitting her for like 3 hrs :( 
every time i want candy or food that my best friends has , she tells me i can't eat it because it has pork . not funny . 😒 😩 😢 
USERNAME follow me ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😪 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME well , i always do , but you never do :( so , will you follow me now ? ? 
when did i become allergic to my dogs ? #tragic 😔 
all this anxiety got me nauseous 😔 😣 tomorrow is my day back to practice too 🏀 😥 
USERNAME lmfao .. very weird ! i'm about to catch some zz's . i pulled an all nighter thursday . ): 
USERNAME okay matt , i mean , i guess that's cool too✋ 😔 
i just wanna talk to more new people .. 😔 
i am absolutely getting a new goldfish tomorrow 🐠🐟 nothing can replace sammy though , #rip 😢 😵 😇 💚 💜 
USERNAME i've been sick with a cold for the last week :( 
i wish i could change my belly ring already but it's only been a week ... 😞 
just found a victoria's secret birthday gift card only to find out it had expired 3 months ago . 😩 #depressing #llovelingerie 
aww ! ! ! ! 😢 😢 😢 USERNAME “USERNAME noo ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 eonline's photo URL 
rudy needs to come home i really miss that guy ! :( 
i'm not sleeping next to my husband tonight ): wahh ! 
now you're just somebody that i use to know </3 ... 
i'm cold & my back hurts . 😒 😔 👊 
USERNAME yea ... effin sucks 😣 then i work 11-5 
why the fuck did i have to get this injury this year -___- ! ! ! > :( 
imiss woking with u too USERNAME :'( i'll see u on sunday at work , gonna hug u tight & ur bam2 lmfaoo ! its only 2months vacay . #hugstight 
it's 12 at night , and i'm getting a headache :( 
this is the first time since august 20th i haven't slept at the dorm ... 😥 #srdimissyou 
USERNAME and it stole my boyfriend 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
man i just want him to know like ima be here with em i got him ! i hope everything turns out for the best man he is my bestfriend and more :( 
i was joking USERNAME :( rt USERNAME structure fire: crews rushing to a restaurant on fire on kearny near bush st . 
USERNAME sorry ! that was supposed to be sent a long time ago but it was saved in my drafts instead :( i'm glad you had a good time though ! 
USERNAME i want one 😔 😔 no one ever notices me 😞 #ariana #beautiful #talented #inspirational USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME you will love him ! he'll stay in my room anyway so you don't have to look at him if you don't want 😔 
i wanna puppy i can cuddle with every night ): 
it's raining 😢 💗 USERNAME USERNAME @ zura hall URL 
crete is always in the newspaper that they give us is school ... i just be like . 😞 
omg ! USERNAME and USERNAME reportedly break up ! :( get the deets on this breaking story here: URL 
USERNAME damn it lol it was a shock face and sad faces :( 
USERNAME im not enjoying myself like usual where is my other half USERNAME at ? ! hurry ! 😔 
i feel so uncomfortable and taken advantage of right now 😥 
wish this day was over already . i don't know what to do anymore :( . 
you know what USERNAME fuck you and your iphone 5 ... were over ! ! ! ! ! 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
i miss jeddah my home my life and secure ❤ it good to have vacation but it feels great to be home . 💔 
when my momma got sent to the hospital and almost passed away 😭 😩😷 
please follow me ari USERNAME ❤ 💔 😔 i love you 5 
i can't stand not being with you anymore 😢 ! 
USERNAME just killed a dog in assassins creed ... 😧 😳 #horrible 
why do i feel so depressed right now .. why am i so unsure about everything in my life #notagoodfeeling #lifesucks #needyou :( 
i hate when i have to say bye to my boyfriend :( 
great .. here we go 💔 not ready for this . 
wish i could cuddle n fall asleep w my babe ): #missingyou 
i'd be lying when i say i moved on 😔 
uh cute boy that works in hollister 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
can i hang out with anyone tonight ? :( #loaner 
i was there for you and honestly this is how it all ends . nice knowing ya USERNAME 😔 
bored af just wanna talk but im by myself :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME im srry ill go die now 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME exactly ! i haven't got to spend much time with my bray bray since padre :( 
only you can ruin my whole in 2 seconds 😥 
someone come rub my back . 5am comes early :( 
my ipod isnt working my best friend no tell me goodnight cause she just wanna talk on the phone gay butt :c 
USERNAME USERNAME good ! off the n'awlins tomorrow morning . 4 days there , 2 in tokyo then home :( 
full #acwrimo disclosure: i didn't do any of my work today . :( but did attend awesome #monsterworkshop that gave me new insight on dif proj 
USERNAME was right , i did get attached . 😔 
USERNAME i think so :( i'm here till monday though if you're free sunday ? 
USERNAME it's hard out here . you don't even know 😞 
omg he was beautiful 😭 😭 😭 #whydidntigiveyoumynumber ? ! 
#ripjelena no please no they're perfect ! it's like payzer all over again . :( 
dear dad , i miss you so much , but it hurts so bad . i just want you to know you're my only man i'll love for a fact . :( URL 
my mother always want come friend up wid me like seriously chill i'm not in the mood to play 😒 😣 
USERNAME ugh ! ! to late i am just so blah right now :( #upsetting 
USERNAME im such a manly man legit its so sad .... im gonna make me ugly babies too #fml 
:c wishing you talked to that person when you had the chance <<< 
nervous to find out what he said 😳 😔 😢 ! 
USERNAME i missed your face at work again ! :( 
my bruva got my headphones , i forgot about them joints 😔 USERNAME 
si me ubieras dicho k ese era el ultimo beso todavia estaria besandote :( ( 
ok my throat hurts so bad .. i think i have strep ..... 😔 
i really hope kevins grandma can pull through this cancer and stay strong 😢 
we have 2 cars and no parents and nothing to do :( 
ima text cynthioo all the 💣 pictures i took of her 👌👍 😭 
when it's friday & your favorite guy didn't come to town tonight :( 
crying to my mommy saying i'm not ready to grow up . 😭 and she is making fun of me . 
i wana dance 😔 the bands tonight are good ... too bad my dance partner isn't here tonight ! 
idk why i always believe what he says . it always ends in a disappointment :( 
lately i've been having really bad dreams so i'm kinda scared to go to sleep 😧 💤👎 
USERNAME i hate not having anything to do because it gives me time to think 😔 
USERNAME i want one . :( can you give me a follow ? 
i need milk ! ! ! ! i want cereal :( 
long frustrating week ! just want a hot meal and some comfort . obviously not happening tonight .... 😞 nothing works in my favor hardly ever 
i've spent all night alone and my birthday is in less than an hour #waah #sadtweet 
this is the second time my puppy has farted 😳 😣 
i always tell her we need to chill but we never do 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
i have a swisher and i think i'm going to get some weed .... guess i'm smoking alone tonight 😭 
you don't eat yocrunch for 5 years and all the sudden it's 70% smaller and more expensive #sadtweet 
knees are hurting & have back to back volleyball games tomorrow = unhappy vannah :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss you guyss ! ! ! 💔 😣 
rftt USERNAME i really miss tyrief son ... just had a pure memories of him hit me :( r . i . p . shyste 😢 🙏 
USERNAME USERNAME you never even talk ! lol but i know what you mean it's like automatically in our dictionary and stuff :( 
i hate snow ! :( in hardin & still need to drive all the way back to ashland . 
i can't sleep ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
i wish my dog snuggled with me like casper does 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME wahh :( were you trying all this time to take a picture lmao 
i always feel like i disappoint anando ... even though he says i don't :( #loveyou #bigcousin #mwahh ! 
el calor me lo quito con cervezas , pero este pinche frío ni con tequila :-( 
USERNAME why not ? i dont feel good right now . :c 
USERNAME i feel bad for you . happy birthday , by the way ! i'm sorry you're all alone 😢 
doing everything to make this work ... but now i'm left with more questions then answers . #fml 
USERNAME :( well i gotta come see you asapp ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME yeah :( it ok . i hope we allow to skype tonight bff 💝💝💝 
i did not like senior night tonight .... i bawled like a baby :( 
USERNAME are you ever going to follow me :( ? 
USERNAME ppl be acting like they someone else when they really not and playing games that's not cool cause i'm genuine 😔 
USERNAME noo d:< if i could i would of invited you but i work :( 
USERNAME stop 😞 i wanted to go to a game this year 
USERNAME i feel as if though you'll never follow me :( 
USERNAME kiki is now on hospice 😢 please continue to pray . URL 
after all these years i'll never learn that heavenly creatures never come . 💔 
USERNAME why do you love torturing me 😭 and you come here i'm not stepping foot outside my house until the sun comes up . 
#oomf knoww i love them . i just need time to myself is all that is 😔 
USERNAME but you on a road trip without me and meisha ... we sorry tho :( 
USERNAME lol i want some chipotle or bdubs badly :( 
lasst game of the season , yeaar 2012-2013 :c besstt season ever with the peoplee <3 
breaking bad is so great but so sad at the same time cause i hate that one of the main characters has cancer 😥 
USERNAME i'm so poor or i would say mcglynns again 😞 i mean yu live so close we can still do something i have a story for yu though ! 
USERNAME USERNAME you never come to my house ! :( 
USERNAME i just can't picture starbucks inside disney and i will miss the bakery :( 
i wish i could have said goodbye .. things would be so much easier with closure . i just feel a big hole missing you 💔 
damn ! :( rt USERNAME just went to kilroys , nicks , and dunkirk ... on my way to my bed but i'm a huge fan of bloomington .. hoo hoo hoo 
i'm going miss my family and church i'm going be leaving soon :( but i have to follow gods plan (obedience) 
USERNAME ahh fuck you serious ? ! :'( dude if you ever want a get a away come visit me w/ tre ! ! bring old times back ! lol 
i want to go to bed so badly but jeremy won't wake up and go home 😭 
USERNAME ahliee ! but i miss my brother doee :( 
i'm so hungry and tired but it hurts to eat or swallow and i can't even sleep cause i can't breathe & have to lay a certain way :( 
no one will come over and watch movies with me :( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
i just want him to wake back upp :( ((( 
USERNAME i wrote that just so a certain somebody could see it lol :( 
USERNAME i know i'm sorry i just wanted to get home and in my jammie's to go to sleep :( 
wehh , i have a whole in the crotch of my favorite sweats ..... :( (((( 
i haven't seen USERNAME in a billion years . #sadtweet 
USERNAME dang i work 5-11 :'( everyones off when i work ? wtf ? ima be boredd . #wendysprobs ! ! ! lol 
USERNAME please come back and discuss more embarrassing stories of the past with me 😢 
USERNAME yeah and since like im in spanish 2 as a freshmen they won't let me 😭 😭 i feel so empty w/o it 
if anyone has a car they are selling let me know ! ! ! mine is officially dead ): 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
recall this ? pm silvio berlusconi was taken to hospital w/loss of 2 front teeth , broken nose & multiple laserations URL :-( 
i can't believe USERNAME hasn't told me happy birthday yett 😔 😢 
im hungry .. :( but its way too cold out ! 
only if i had more followers then mabey nicki would tweet or rt me :( 
did i miss something ? i don't see beeswaxing on twitter anymore ? :( 
kings couldn't hang . :( it's ok , what to expect from playing spurs though ! 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
ferry delay . #worstdayever #wtf #fml #shittynight #notcool #dilemma #fuckyouphysics #fuckschool #lonely # 
i really wish my sister was home right now i need her now more than ever ): 
um i care about you somcuh and you dont care so bye i guess cause thats what yo want . :( (((( 
USERNAME 🎀 i love you , you should follow me since you asked and i said but i didn't get one so now i'm sad :( 
USERNAME why didn't you say hi ! ? > :( 
memories of the past are the best thing . i'm a strong believer in the past repeating itself . im missing her a lot ... 😔 💔 
ahh shat . i forgot this week was bye week . no game sunday :( #dangit . #waytofailrachel 
i love my short hair but it's getting cold :-( r . i . p short hair going back long soon 
i hate seeing my mom amd grandma cry :( lord please bless my tia through this tough journey ! ! 
big thanks to my doctor for prescribing me codeine when i clearly said it does not work for my pain . so miserable 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
gw kejilangan sosok lu yg dlu sering gw liat lagi main skateboard di depan rumah :( sekarang lo berubah :|| 
i want a coffee and cigarettes right now . uggh , sounds really good :( 
USERNAME i miss you , i feel so sad without you . :( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
my baby call me to tell me happy bday miss her 😥 😥 😥 😥 URL 
what character in the cymbalta ad are you ? i am the lady on the couch eating fritos . #depression 
i have to work all day tomorrow and i can't sleep :'( 
to bad a good relationship is hard to find 😔 💔 
USERNAME i might get sent to twitter jail because of all theses tweets :( please follow me before that happens 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME thats true :( i apologize , #goodfriend < better ? 
hate that i'm missing my trip to india ... :'( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
fml . we always lose important games by 1 point 😫 💔 
there is a app that says callers names on your answering machine if you don’t answer and i want it , now ! but don’t know what it is . 😔 
im just trying to watch the vow and cuddle with her ......... 😔 
i miss justin :( 3 days down 5 more to go #saddness #needahug 
hopefully angel goes he bes ma niggaa and i feel bad for missing his football game :( 
seriously , does someone wanna go somewhere i can't stand this 😔 
too little , too late for the guy in the tlc waterfalls vid :( rt USERNAME big step forward for development of hiv vaccine 
USERNAME you don't love me , that's why you won't follow me 😰 😔 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
tryin to get yo dougie on in the privacy of yo own house . and a bitch calls me 😒 😕 😾 🙈🙉🙊🙅 URL 
omfg . we lost the damn game by one point :-( i know thay mad but (fuck ) kimball high school we still going to the playoffs s . o . c b . e . a . r . s 
i am in the absolute worst mood ever and i don't know why ! :'( #nothappy 
USERNAME :( ( girl if you need some company , you can always call me and come over here or we can go out and do something ! 
USERNAME just tag tack in the same tweet as me with this picture and ill leave you alone 😔 URL 
dude the last time i seen alexis i was so stoned i dont even remember it ): 
i just want some hot chocolate nd a back rub :( but i ain't gonna get it 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
wish sarah was home 💔 😔 actually heart broken #missmybff :( 
i'm glad everyone and everything is more important than me . no more words , just actions so done keep my shit , rather just call it a loss 😔 💔 👎🙈 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME :( but on the plus side new memories in albs 
USERNAME USERNAME and i miss you too ! it is so weird not having you here . next year is going to suck ! :-( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME USERNAME oh god , it's not over yet . 😳 😣 
today has been a gleaming success , someone please just put me out of my misery . 😔 😥 
USERNAME your right , pweasee come back soon i miss you . <3 ): 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME you're scared of the monster in the toilet too 😭 😐 
missing my long lost bestfriend USERNAME #whereishe #nevertalk 😢 😩 💔 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
nung 1st year hs pa ako sa liceo . #nakakamissyun 😞 
USERNAME i couldnt ! :( ((( ull see us tomorrow at the game ;) 
, i should be use to the feeling of getting hurt & put down 💔 😒 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
when i first heard of schrödinger is from tbbt… it was really fun , but why should i learn it in real life ! it's not fun at all ! t.t 
USERNAME are u not allowed to go now ? :( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
, i really don't wanna talk to no one right now 💔 
last high school football game ever ! 😥 😭 😰 #senioryear #bittersweet 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
its 11:25 at night i'm wide awake and sick to my stomach and my mind is racing #fml 
USERNAME aw . storify somehow ignored all the funny tweets . :( 
USERNAME if i new how to make a costume i'd go . :( but sadly i r dunce 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME love it ... you still haven't made me any 😔 
USERNAME yes . where's austin n lex ? not in my room .. laughing at me when i walk in 😔 or when lex runs in and we hide from killers .. 
i got off work and i fell asleep i didn't mean too i was so tired so i hope she sees this im so sorry india ): 
i breaks my heart that i won't be able to give my son kisses or be close to him because i'm getting strep ..... i'm going to cry . #fml 
depressed ... miss may i is playing tonight and can't go ... :'( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
this pain is killing me :( #knee #injured #nobueno #sad #wannacry 
completely given up on #myself #everything #everyone #done #sadtweet . 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME so i leave on my cruise tomorrow and i won't have contact with you for a week . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
it wasn't my wii though , it was my moms friends . 😔 😒 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
awwl #oomf crying was wrong my bro :( not be sad , daas not good , otaay #subtweet . 
USERNAME i have been listening to that song soo much always remember you little face :( missyouu <3 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
man i know if he was here i wouldn't be goin through none of this ! maybe this why its so hard to deal wit :-( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
yo tanto q lo kiero i el q esta mas frio q un hielo :( 
USERNAME smelly melly 😷 haha i can't sleep 😢 #fml 
no more seeing my boothang after my basketball games :( #sadtweet USERNAME 
regardless of the score , im still so proud of my absolute best friend ! i love you so much kiddo ! i miss my big brother :( . USERNAME 
having a withdrawal , haven't had milk since 9am and there's none in my house 😭 😭 😭 
i'm still freezing ! where my heater when i need him :( (( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
there isn't anything more sad then when sufficiently pregamed people show up to your house but you aren't going out 😔 being responsible sux 
might not go to wurstfest :( hate having a job #boo 
i'm such a people pleaser , i just want everyone to be happy 😔 
:( not how i wanted to spend my friday night URL 
USERNAME i miss everyone ! 😭 i need to start getting rides there 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
i couldn't watch the laker game 😔 but this is keeping me posted 😁 #lakernation 💜 💛 URL 
USERNAME woo , i dont work sunday anymore , im soo #mad i hae to work til 4 tomorrow :( 
USERNAME i can't :( i wish i could just stop thinking ! 
i really thought you'd be there for the rest of my life . it's crazy how people change . 💔 
wish jasmine would freakin accept my twitter request ! 😔 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
wish i could hangg out with him tomorrow .. #sadtweet #jealous 
USERNAME i'm sitting on my living room floor watching jshore reruns and doing leg lifts . i would love company . :( 
USERNAME i'm trying my best to fall asleep , but i have all these thoughts in my head that wont let me 😞 
i seriously miss USERNAME and USERNAME so much . 😭 #bestfriends #whydidthingschange 
USERNAME i can't find you :( follow me bbygirl lol USERNAME 
USERNAME i just shaved my sides again 2 weeks ago . 😔 
i don't know how to tell the person i have a crush on that i have a crush on them :( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
this is the worst time of the year to be single </3 :( 
jacob doesn't deserve me but he has my heart :( 
driving at night in the rain is the scariest thing in the world to me .... ☔ 😥 #scared #pleasedontcrash 
tyme for bed ... funeral in the mornin :'( nite twitter 
i just want someone to cuddle with right now . :( so lonely 
if USERNAME leaves taco time ... i will miss her & cry && then cry some more 😢 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
i can't believe in still not over that situation 😔 
i'm tired of not being good enough . i'm tired of getting played . 💔 
i hate to go out when it's cold 😥 @ computer science and engineering building URL 
hoolluup bitches simmer down , uhh . USERNAME imy . 😔 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
i really wanna fix it but i don't know how 😢 
thank god were moving out on our own . ill miss my niece but it's time to go our separate ways and do our own thing . mixed emotions 😞 😊 😁 😢 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME i wish i could in basketball this year too :( 
USERNAME me too ! ! ! can't wait to get crunk sad it's a week away :( lol 
hundreds of people losing their jobs right before christmas due to obamacare and obama's war on coal . sad christmas for those families . 😞 
amelia is breathing heavy as fuck in her sleep . and haley is snoring . #fuckmylife 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
to make my night a little bit worse :( thanks a lot . ughh #boyssuck 
USERNAME ohh hell no . 😠 😾 🙅. motherfucken nordstroms right here excuse u ✋ 
:( ( such a general statement rt USERNAME ct females<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< 
why are the guys down here so short ? ? take me home ): #southernprobz 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
i'm cold af right now nd i left my hello kitty slippers at home <<< i'm about to cry :'( 
really hate hotels 😟 wish i was home with my baby 😔 and i really need some sleep since i have to wake up so early 😴 #lonely #sad #missyou 
why do people go home on the weekend ? ! 😢 #missmyteam 
we used to be so close now you barely text me or tell me things :( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
i wish i was at manchester orchestra right now :( <|3 
USERNAME shut up they tripped me in the hotel :( lol 
USERNAME USERNAME im counting on you paul ! ! please save me ! :( 
USERNAME && my pillow ! 😭 don't let him take my blanket ! 
hmph . we didn't talk about everything i want to talk about today :( 
where's my mom when i need her ? oh yeah 2 3hours away :'( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME i was in a rush :c loose butthole i know 
wish i had the weekend off because i really don't feel like seeing anyone at all #lonely 😒 😞 
USERNAME :( first britney now katy . what's it gonna be next ! ? #mileycyrus 
my best friend and i talk about boys and he always agrees and says i wish he was gay though 😭 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME hmm #should i #cry be #angry or #laugh ..... 😱 ---> 📲📩📞 ...... 🔙 😢 😭 
USERNAME i just hope he's not down for the show tomm . :( wait so you said cody simpson opened right ? 😡 i thought i paid to see crj 😤😪😩 😔 
didn't even get a good night text . #sadtweet 😔 
&u had to go and get freaking married . :( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
s/o to all the football boys ! you guys made my last year of training the best ! i love you all ! wish it wasn't over . 😖 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
it's boutta be hella cold when i go to work :( ugh .. goodnight ! 
don't understand how things can seem perfect one moment and change so quickly the next ... 😞 
i know ur watching over us all , but this is so hard . i miss you ben :( 
my first time eating korean food , i want some in n out tho ! :c #iwantachocolateshake # @ cerritos park east URL 
i don't really know what to do with myself at this point . #lonely #boyfriend #sadtweet 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
drivin around reminiscing . i wish USERNAME was with me :( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
he has a girlfriend and i think she hates me 😭 
if your happy , i'll just pretend to be happy also , even if it's killing me inside </3 
USERNAME ima b an alchy lol . my bf is taking advantage of me staying home -_- cus i can't go to bars :'( 
USERNAME exactly ! it's like you're reading my mind ! i don't even think i send long messages anymore usually a waste of my time ! :( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME 😞 😒 . my name is not martha fyi . my momma named me jocelyn olmos castrejon not fucking martha .... bitch . 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME hi ! thanks for the follow youre one lucky enough person to meet tw member ! :( 
USERNAME u like spider-man . and it's dark in my room :( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME USERNAME it's overr ! & the ending was probably the scariest part . 😣 😣 😣 
sometimes this shit just gets overwhelming 😔 don't wanna deal with it anymore 
i don't really know what to do with myself at this point . #lonely #nofriends #sadtweet 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! ! ! :( 
helloo promo event tomorrow so no going out tonight 😔 🔫 
lights is so beautiful and perfect why can't you be mines :( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
everyone should stop saying all this stuff & just wait for justin & selena then they can say it's official ! </3 
i have the worst headache of my life 😔 😢 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
this is not true USERNAME and USERNAME are still together its not true its not its not ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( 
what do you do when you're bored USERNAME ): ? ? 
but i don't ever wanna hear that ! i wanna hear that they're okay . hopefully </3 
:( i guess its gonna be one of those lonely nights .. where the f' is my homie ? i guess he forgot bout me 
USERNAME i will miss you guys so much ): i'm literally going to cry right now . 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
USERNAME hahaha ang stupid naman nila , eh pareho lang naman yan na may camera ! :( 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
i'm going to miss these people . 😭 one week left at wholefoods . 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
having a truly amazing weekend so far . sad to go back to work tomorrow :( 
i want to take all my make up off and put sweats on , but i still want to do something tonight . :( 
it feels so weird to be so infatuated with someone and all of a sudden you are nothing to each other . :( 
seeing the football players cry makes me so sad :( ( good job boys you worked hard 💚 
nobody sees this side of things . 😢 😢 😢 
this is my get away place :( lol but shit well see one day we will <3 USERNAME 
i know i tweet it every 5 min but i'm really sleepy :( 
so glad i get to work a 12 hour shift tomorrow ! #fml #eight2eight 
me equals tired . :( bleh lol . @ smith household 💚 URL 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
:( u didn't respond so i couldn't tell if i scared u ... 
USERNAME ain't text me all night cause she's with her other friends *pouts* 😞 
USERNAME check this cover out . beyonce 1+1 (diane andrieux cover ): URL 
damn girl ........ ooh noo ! please turn back around #babythrowup :( 
awesome . i'm just trying to enjoy a movie in lennox and the power shuts off ... #fml 
i dislike when people are all non chalant with me 😒 😔 😞 
i really don't mind prank calls , but by the 5th time you call and don't tell me who you are , it's not funny anymore #seriouslythough 😣 
USERNAME wats wrong . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? :( 
USERNAME dude . wtf ! i wanna see them so bad . :( 
660 tweets left until 10k ... lol now i have nothing to tweet about :( 
trying to pretend ur not sad when texting someone and you really really are is so hard . #ugh #fail #fml #isuck #debbiedowneralert 
jasmine why do you ask that , when i'm already comfy .. :( 
nobody ever wants a s/o from me . idk why :( 
USERNAME lmaoo i'm craving pizza soo bad . nowhere to get it at this time of night . 😔 
reading naye's & josies tweets :( makes me wanna take back myself going up 74 with the marines and selina ! ! 
follow me ariana plzz 😭 😭 😭 ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ USERNAME 
USERNAME and you kept it a secret from your best friend </3 
i'm so tired ... i think i'm getting old 😔 
yeah that wasn't really a snack , it was more like 3 meals combined 😭 😭 😭 
my friends suck . USERNAME and USERNAME come home ): #missyouguys 
missing my roomies so much ! ! i hate spending weekends apart :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME jerk :( i clearly stated i was an exception #relationshipprobs 
i missed you more 😭 but you're back and that's what matters ❤ USERNAME 
USERNAME you never text back anymore ! ima cry :'( 
twilight is all sold out in tyler already .... i'm not okay . #noshame 😭 😠 
poor USERNAME came to visit nona the suckiest weekend here yet :( #poorgirl 
USERNAME i feel the same way :( are you in your room ? 
#boyfriendbrettproblems . our boyfriend is mad at us :( USERNAME 
im at the point to where idk what im doing anymore ! </3 
wtf is taking you so long aaron , i'm freezing :( 
my computer needs to stop freezing i'm trying to watch donnie darko with USERNAME #fml #no #donniedarko 
USERNAME wishin i could have been there :( ..... #boohoo 
USERNAME wish i could've gone over to the class , but i'm not the one with the money atm . in other words , economy is really bad on me 😔 😭 
lord , i pray that you'll protect me throughout this process so that i won't fall 😔 😞 🙏 
wing stop it is i guess . sad lonely night therefore i must eat :( 
i hate being sick -_- i still have try outs tomorrow ! #bye #goodnight :'( #lonely #sad ! 
i feel like i'm pilgrim traveling in a freaking wagon being pulled by a horse . #fml 
i just realized someone asked to see my cool apple car spray today .... and i think they stole it because i never got it back . 😔 😭 💔 
USERNAME love youu ! ! sorry i couldn't stay :[ 
USERNAME i'm sayin' please let's make this happen ! ! i suuriously miss you :( 
i never even brought up the past like the fck man im getn soo tired of this yo i don't have the strength to argue anymore man . :'( 
i wonder wy the bad things always happen to me .. 😔 
USERNAME lmao . just don't get too into her please , keep holding on till 2013 :'( 
why is this movie making me feel like thiss :'( 
USERNAME holy crap , and i know last year 3rd round in playoffs and only 4 wins this year ... it sucks . 😭 
still really bummed out tht you can't hangout with all of us tomorrow ! :( you will be missed ! <3 lovee youu 😘 loll 
USERNAME ah i'm so sorry i'll be flying back the afternoon of the 3rd :( but def tell judefluent to come thru if y'all are free ! 
i wanna twee something but everyone is telling me not to because its none of my business 😔 😣 #ohwell 
hola USERNAME todo bien ? contesta mierda , :c queremos saber si los rumores son reales o no . 
my mom doesn't want to drive me to tams :( 
always fuckin shit up . why can't i just do one right thing ? #sadtweet #reallydepressed 
i wanna club :'( lmao . now ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
keep checking my phone for a text that just isn't there 😔 😪 💔 📲 
i can't sleep for the life of me 😔 😒 😣 😢 
on my way to romeo's i saw people outside of waller . none of my friends . :( #nofriends 
USERNAME aw i love and miss you 😔 it's always one thing after another though 
it's weird being far from USERNAME . i miss him already 😔 
oh the things i would do to get a rolex :c 
i hate that you have an effect on my mood . :( 
i feel like a bitch now :( bu i don't give a fuck ! ! 
there's always a blazer game when i have dance and the nights i have off ... i'm stuck watching a utah vs . denver game . #fml 
USERNAME thanks i wish i was as good as you ! 😔 
15ish years of making frozen pizzas & i still forget to take off the cardboard . #andimsober #fml 
this is actually really annoying . i had five hours of sleep last night and just want to go to bed . go home . 😭 😡 
nothing can cute depression like playing with the kittens at the humane society #depressed #lgbtproblems #awesome 
USERNAME USERNAME knowin them yea & i have to pay my own :( 
i wish USERNAME would follow me back , but i guess i'm not cool enough for her :/ #sadtweet 
i've been laying in bed afraid of falling asleep because i can hardly breathe #helpme 😭 
work till midnight , man i have no social life 😔 
USERNAME probably the same reason you can't text back :( 
USERNAME yess ! 😢 my stomach hurts and big headache . 
USERNAME okay i did 72 plus more tweets and you haven't follwed me so i guess i give up for the night .. :( ( 
today has been one of the worst days of my life lol 😭 
not gonna lie i miss the bar ! and all my customers ): 
taking a shower , cause you can't tell when you crying when you in the shower :( lol #sadtweet 
i went to dels room to talk to kaitlyn ......... & found out she left ): 
i wish you were still here , you'd understand . but you're gone :'( 
USERNAME your parents must be so nice they would do that , i dont understand why they dont take me . it sucks he got called for work :( 
i would say my night was fun but it wasn't bc i barely talked to her #fml #missedyouallnight 
USERNAME are you reseting people on launch day ? please tell me you are :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( (((( i'm surprised they were able to pull through without our professional cheering 
me arden los labios , de seguro es falta de los tuyos 😔 
USERNAME i miss you more babyy 😞 😥 hopefully i can visit soon ! 💜 
i hate that you have and affect on my whole entire mood . :( 
mad at USERNAME b/c she said i don't look good on any side of my head except the top . ! no one can see da top of my head . ! 💔 😢 😤🙆 
USERNAME maybe i can sleep better with my new matress but idk if it will :( 
someone please come spend the night with me ) ): i don't want to be by myself 
hoped it didn't have to end like this oh well 💔 
you know , it would be nice if my bestfriend would text me back . 😔 
annd there goes the second charger for my phone :( #ohmygosh #thiissuckks #boo 
USERNAME i wanna hang out but i live in new york :( #sadtweet 
i hate when my mom lies to me :( i'm tired of it she lies for no reason at all i think i'm old enough to know the truth 
sorry for the #depressing #girly posts . just scroll if that isn't your #shit 
wish i had someone to text tonight while i'm doing all this homework 😔 
midnight and i'm still stuck at work :( #fml #bestbuy #texas #store1072 #spring #work #late #tire @ best buy URL 
USERNAME it's cause ur a giants can ! 😔 i didn't like it up there it was okay . socal is better 
USERNAME twinning ! yes , except my life consists of waiting around at a much later time on the east coast than ca :'( #alyseisaloserstatus 
i was so tired at work walking around like a zombie and now i'm in my bed wife awake ! ! wtf 😔 😒 
don't like hurting my baby 😞 love you baby USERNAME 
when your trying to sleep .. and people get mad at u cause u are working grave yard ugh ... #fuckmylife i wish i could make everyone happy 
USERNAME USERNAME i never got a tweet like your bestfriend im truly hurt :'( #tacbreakup 
of course the baby wakes up screaming right before the parents get home . #fml 
i just wanna get to know you better , that's all :( 
USERNAME boss that dint have to go suh anuh and i know when i reach back my cane garden people goin be pon my case cause of that :( 
where is my girl USERNAME when i need her 😔 
missin these cuties tonight ! 😔 ❤ USERNAME USERNAME #notthesame 
USERNAME i miss you too ! 😢 😫 😔 😟 
tomorrow will be my last day with my 2012 team :( bittersweet ! ! #ridestillwedie #realsteeleel 
this is the worst friday ever ! mfs was blowin me all day :( 
my back hurts so bad like its unbelievable 😔 😰 
my room has so much potential . i definitely don't do it justice :( 
USERNAME so sad you're not coming to nashville . every time i move you go to where i used to live . :( 4 years , no luck . ::sigh:: 
i put my hand up on ur thigh , when i cry u cry we cry ☹ 
USERNAME we'd love too ! currently babysitting though . :( 
last time i cheered in the rain i got hella sick 😣 
i'm so frustrated i could cry ... i wish i had actual friends #fml #suchbs 
USERNAME i miss you 😔 , where you been all my life ? 
USERNAME USERNAME you'd probably laugh at us the entire time because we jump at everything . 😏 😣 
although we come to the end of the road 😔 😔 😔 
still sad to see signs on my neighbors yard that say reject it . 😒 😣 
USERNAME when are you out to come back ? :( 
USERNAME :( :( :( i don #t even know what to say :( 
friends , the nanny , foreign chocolate .... what is my life ? ! ? 😔 
USERNAME omgg ... your slow :( ( . lmao i meant what you said before . but i was being sarcastic . 
i hate when people change there minds about going somewhere ... like i asked 3 times before friday are you sure ? ? ? ? & she said yes so no ... ): 
i love being home alone on a friday night .. 😔 
USERNAME that doesnt mean anything ! ! ! ! :( (( 
i hate thunder , it's scary ! 😢 😳 😩 
USERNAME thanks for not following me and not noticing me 😔 i still love you tho maybe ill get lucky next time and get followed , night✌ 
i hope it's no one but that's never the case :( 
i hate how my daddy gets home really late from work ! i want him home ! 😢 
when i'm waiting in the longest line USERNAME and its only 9:45 :( 
saying bye to my siblings is the worst thing . 😔 
aw , remember all them niggas wer scared to jp lol . but sseriously i miss miidle school w . everyone .. everythin isnt the same , ): 
3 nights in a row 😭 😠 😢 😔 😔 😔 😒 😒 😒 😁😤 
USERNAME i thought you did too i was like yea you can come then you said money i was like 😔 o 
mix-signals .... i hate you ! ! ! ! ! you make me soo confused ! ? ! ? ! ? ! uugghh ! ! ! i cant stand this ! ! </3 
USERNAME minus me ... ): where did you hangout at ? ? when are you leaving ? 
missing butch so much tonight . as i left erwinville by percy sledge came on ..... his favorite singer 😞 
the fact that i need a back massage ! :( 
r . i . p javy , don't , & fatty </3 
USERNAME i have been nothing but nice to yu . that was beyond rude 😫😩 😥 😰 yu know how bad i dislike them . no more mr nice girl . i don't like yu 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME it depends what time cuz i work ... :( 
USERNAME hey , i dont wanna seem creepy , but are you okay ? :c 
also , my heart goes out to the family that was sadly ripped apart by this terrible storm this morning . :( 
and by really late i meant really really late ! 😣 
seeing people i care about sad makes me sad 😔 
i really miss #oomf wish he would text me 😐 😔 
just dropped my phone on my face .. :( #ouch 
i just noticed i was retweeted but never texted back ..... ahh treated :( 
if USERNAME isn't playing at the party . i'm not having fun 😔 USERNAME 
just got done babysitting , what a long day ! my bed is calling my name ! up early . wish my love was home missing him so much :( night <3 3 
i go to sleep feeling the same way everynightt 😒 😔 
USERNAME hahah it was ! but kailea lost my taco in her room :( 
USERNAME /; no you ! lol made me sad n shit :( 
USERNAME thanks bebe i love you too . sorry i didn't go tonight :( sad i missed it ! 
so single behind det 💔 my boy talking cash money shit 💰💩 
USERNAME sometimes i think #twfanmily of the us dont do enough ;( im trying everything i can for my boys :( USERNAME 
wish i could have went to cowboys with my dh girls tonight .... my life is lame 😥 
USERNAME mhm :( thats a long time he be gone 
i really miss my nephew - i've never went this long without him . #comehomebabyboy 😔 
goin to sleep my tummy kinda hurts 😒 🙏 💔 
i'm done going that extra mile , wasting my time , breath , energy , love and emotion on someone who doesn't even know what they want in life . 💔 
USERNAME ps i won't be able to work on your car soon . :-( 
:( going to kill myself my night is officially ruined because of you USERNAME it's all your fault 
the fact that i'm not with USERNAME right now<<<< 😔 
i'm creyin rigghhtt naaoo 😭 😫 😭 i should be in irvine . 
i never get acne , ugh now look at my face 😞 
USERNAME lol . the fact that my parents would do anything for me not to meet you sucks , alot :/ even if its 5$ ~.~ 😭 😔 
yeah . definitely bawling my eyes out . jack & rose were perfect . no :'( 
USERNAME it is . he was at home so i hadn't seen him in 5 days :-( 
boyfriends .. the thing i can't get or have .. :( 
my moms old phone is better than mine :( (( 
i'm not tryna cry right now </3 if only i ain't see that tweet yoo 
USERNAME sad life i never got to go 😔 😔 
USERNAME also , i totally have a power drill most days , except this weekend . :( 
wheres USERNAME when you need her ? ! been listening to our song 😭 😖 #mess #needisaymore ? 
i wish we could have kept him 🐶 ❤ 💔 😪 
really wish i could've gone to the lamar/foster game tonight 😔 
see i would jus talk on the phone all night with him ... but it ain't like that right now 😔 
i get the feeling that USERNAME is getting tired of me <|3 :( she hates me 
i haven't felt this bad in a while ! i feel absolutely terrible . 😔 
everyone says in mean to them 😢 , i'm not even mean . #fuckoff 
wish oomf was coming staying here nd not goin to bg :( 
just found my charger you know what that means 😔 💤💤 
i love talking to USERNAME i just wish it could be like old times again . super depressed right now . 😔 
i just spent almost 4 hours at the gym 😦 😦 😦 much needed 
USERNAME u should get a red eye correction software :( 
i miss harley so much sometimes 😔 i wish we could have kept him 🐶 ❤ 💔 😪 
USERNAME i don't get the channel where i live ... :( 
USERNAME where are you ? we're all waiting for you :( 
i made the mistake of telling my husband once that flowers don't really matter . boo :( they do matter 
ayy queriendo estar en pr en estos momentoss 😰 😞 
USERNAME aww ! i wish i went i wanted to go terribly ! 😭 💔 
seeing all these dads at the bars makes me miss mine . too bad he's all the way in texas 😔 💔 
who wants to go with me to micky ds when i get to cat city later ? text me 😾 
USERNAME i've been sober over 30 days now ma . shits cray . i miss you hella ! </3 
USERNAME .. i see how it is ! post a pic of every one else . forget about your best friend . 😭 
seeing a commercial for catch phrase makes me miss my mustangs so much 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
i love how i call this girl crying and hang up laughing .. i miss britney .. </3 
#mentionsomeoneyouregladyoumet USERNAME and to think we met in middle school lol and i was scared of you 😔 😱 😅 
omg i'm in so much pain smh ... keeping icing my knee ya allah 😭 
lovely .. got blood all over my pants :( damn bloody nose ! ! lol ! ! #shitty #newpants 
hate how im not going to dp anymore and can't go back :( ((( #killme 
so much to say , but don't know how to say it . 😔 😔 😔 
talking to an ex = closure & a possible regression 😔 
love this girl too much💖 #dontleave #vermontsucks #makayla 😢 @ sakura japanese steakhouse & sushi bar URL 
USERNAME lol you know i would but i ain't home 😔 
woow i stay in and the rest of my family i out ! #fml 
USERNAME soo i text you my number but .... no text bk .... wrd :( 
dammit kobe u were 1 shy from a double 😞 
i really regret saying that , now its gonna be bothering me over and over again :( 
oh damn , i miss USERNAME so much <3 i found our page full of jokes .. ahh man , we never went to disneyland ahh :c 
USERNAME omg i love USERNAME they don't have it in the states :-( hope u had one for me xx 
i need a new bus , because i have a stalker . and he's really ugly . and scary . and weird . and he follows me home everyday . :( 
USERNAME im not gonna go tomarrow ): im sick . i have a running nose , fever& lost my voice . 
USERNAME USERNAME 😒 😏 😣 lmao ! ! ! #storyofmylife 
USERNAME apparently all males sux .. ? ? ? 😞 😞 😞 maybe just the wrong ones haha 
i don't want justin to be with any other girl but selena :c 
i wish i was at a ghetty or party right now… 😔 
two cards games i am looking forward to attend ! ! ! whatever needs to happen needs to happen with this team . can't stand my team losing ! :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME i hope you're right miss laurie . i'm worried about the kid 😥 nite nite x 
USERNAME agh ! ! ! no freaking way ! ! ! :( i miss the days in which we would speak to walls 
USERNAME wahh :( well johnnypangs knows how to sew so when he gets back , maybe he can save him ! 
USERNAME well if u dont then ud be txting me :( 
USERNAME 😔 dad ... this is life . there's ups and there's downs . the downs make you realize what you need to work on and make you great 
this is why we have no friends 😫 well me at least :( lol USERNAME 
busing it over there tomorrow is gonna be a bitch . 😔 #keyclub #fallpeprally #schoolbus to #sixflags @ home URL 
USERNAME same ! like i'm sad bc of it 😔 
the stone fell out of my precious ring at walmart .. 😭 thank goodness i was able to easily find it ! ahh , it's going to set me back💰to fix ! 
home alone sick as heck ... oomf need to save me :( 
mm worked till 11 now to get a quick nap then go drop dia dia off at the airport/: #sadtweet #mymeatball #levingme #utah 
USERNAME USERNAME wewll why you told her thank you and not me :( 
it is too cold . i need to start wearing a shirt under my work shirt . 😣 
USERNAME hell yea my brasses shed tears :( what did you guys end up doing ? 
that nos kicked in .. no way i'm goin to bed anytime soon 😩 😔 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME girl ! i felt like i was in scary movie ! then to top it al off i didn't have my house keys :( 
and now i do nothing and talk to no one :( 
my love is leaving me and moving out of flint :( 
USERNAME noo ! meet ended at 10, and just got home from applebees my phone died :( 
don't say that dakota that's depressing ! ! ! 😞 
another sleepless night ... i hate not having a bed or a place to sleep anymore . 😞 
why is it so cold in l . a . at night ? 😿 😩❄⛄ 
i don't do drugs to take away my problems , i put on my beats & grab my iphone & let the music make the bullshit fade </3 #rt if u do da same 
i gotta let her go , so i can let my heart grow . 💔 🌷 
once again i got my whole bed to myself ! ! feels great but im lonely #misshim #sadtweet 
USERNAME shut up i didn't know what to do :( 
i don't do drugs to take away my problems , i put on my beats & grab my iphone & let the music make the bullshit fade </3 #rt if u do that 2 
thank you to the best little sis ever for my sweet note today at retreat ! i love you and will miss you so much next year 😘 😥 👭 USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME just wish we weren't playing halo one man down :-( 
USERNAME how do you know jelena deffinately broke up ? ill cry :( 
USERNAME dope . yu dont need me no more :( 
USERNAME ugh . i know . it sucks so bad . hopefully one day it'll go back to normal . i hope . :( 
someone text or dm me , i can't sleep :( 
i like to pretend that everything's alright , cause when everybody else thinks you're fine , sometimes you forget for a while that you're not 😣 
USERNAME damnn :( ( girls before bros :'( noo goody 
USERNAME we need to hang soon . i've been so busy every weekend ): 
i had a dream that i saw licorice then it disappeared :'( 
watching these old tapes makes me want to cry .. i miss my dad and my sister so much ): 
even though my lil munchkin aint here nd i don't tweet about her don't mean i dont miss her cux i do :( 
USERNAME awh :( isn't he playing for the knicks ? or am i wrong ! 
USERNAME tweet me back ! ! ! i'm desperate 😭 
USERNAME i only have 1 contact on my phone lmfaoo 😭 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME gosh darnet ! evey frickin time i try to bash some one on twitter , i mispell something .. serves me right 😔 
thinking of all those old memories and how much i miss you . i'd give anything to get that back . god how i fucked up 💔 👫 😢 
january , june , december , do want to be a member ? 💔 
USERNAME wtf am i supposed to wear omg no one will see my cute shirt under a sweater :( 
i wish USERNAME had service in the deer woods .... 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 #misshim 
what'd i ever do to not deserve happiness ? #idk 😢 
USERNAME oh no girl , really ? :( i thought i was going to be up til 3 working on this ! 
not having anything to eat all day is awful :( i'm soo hungry .. 
USERNAME miss you too :( ( time to see you and USERNAME when you get back . 
when you think about some one 24/7 and knowing that they arent thinking about you :( ( 
like honestly i pour my heart to everyone just to blown off and turned down #depressedtweet 😔 
fucking didnt let me go to sleep just waste my time .. and be annoying 😾 
USERNAME i know , if everyone put themselves in an animals shoes , they wouldn't do the bullshit that they do :( 
i'm exhausted but tyler won't let me go to bed because he isn't tired yet . what the fuuck 😞 💤💤 
just hit me that football season is really over and we're getting a new head coach . 🏈 😔 
omg i got so many mosquito bites in the last 2 hours 😭 #ouch 
USERNAME i know ! ! ! :( i'm over here with fruity and he be screaming ! ! ! like not even me ? ! fruity said your fake . 
my #noshavenovember has no come to an end #sadday #itried #epicfail #losing 
i guess i'll go i bed now ? before 10 on friday night ... ? whatever i guess .... 😞 😴 
i think i broke my grinder . fuck . #fuck #420 #fml 
my mommy didn't even check up on me while i was out 😔 
ugh i hate feeling' like crap . dang you weather change . 😷 😞 
hate getting into bed and then realizing i have to pee :-( 
USERNAME hope i meet you when yall come back for q102 #jingleball ! imiss the show sunday terribly ! 😭 💔 
january to december , do you want to be a member ? 💔 
when you see something you dont likr .. & your whole mood switches&you feel real sick & your body gets all warm & youre stressed <<< smh ): 
USERNAME dahvie i need to ask you something ! ! ! ! ! ): 
miss my roommate/best friend . 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
my #noshavenovember has now come to an end #sadday #itried #epicfail #losing 
sinister scared mee 😣 thought the home videos were traumatic . not a fan of watching stuff like that . bleh . 
USERNAME lol your stupid rude ! ! 😧 😧 🙊 😢 
i swear it's like 5 degrees in my room . ): brr #freezing 
USERNAME you're the wrong kind of kevin , kevin . sorry :( 
USERNAME USERNAME it dropped from 17 to 47, thats a huge drop in such a short week . i could imagine the disappointment in them :( 
USERNAME ... >awh okayee" ... &rt yhu became a stranger ... so nt cool ): 
USERNAME yeah i actually had to put on actual pants and a nicer shirt tonight . :( it was worth it though . 
aww , my kona wonaa sad . i wanna make her happy :( 
few ppl are giving me attitude i dont know why and its giving me a big fucking headache :'( 
USERNAME all i see is boxed asshole ! :( lol miss you 
USERNAME i totally agree :( lets make lunch or something tom ! 
i wish i was on cat's level ... :( but i love you too baby boo ! 
doing everything and anything than looking over my script for work 😣 
USERNAME i wanted to finsh it i wish i can sleep over like the old days :c (signs) 
USERNAME i miss you too dude ! in my dream when we hugged i cried . :( 
aww my baby nephew has the chicken pox :( . he wants to sleep with me tonight ..... good thing i got it when i was little . 
USERNAME yay ! ! ! rjs excited . he's a lonely little giraffe :( no pillow pet friends to hangout with 
heaadfones on banq fashoo , danq ikeep missin her :( 
why can't spider-man be my boyfriend ? ! 😭 💔 
USERNAME you were right ! i have to dress up nicely though next time because the cop's actually going to be there :( 
i'm going to get advice from a very trusted friend of mine over him . i need it desperately because this pain needs to end somehow #depressed 
you know you have a bad headache when you make ugly faces -_- 😖 😖 😖 😣 😣 😣 😪 
“USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME on the way there 😭 😭 😭 URL omfg stop ! hahahahahahahahahaha 
USERNAME 😭 😭 i need some aunts like that sheesh 
sorry about that folks my iphone's been acting up for some reason since i haven't been getting tweets on my phone :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME idk if i can do that lol i gots hw i gotta get done . lol :( 
i love this doggie . i’m going to miss her so much when my friends move to california . 😔 URL 
i can't stop thinking about you but all you think about is smoking and drinking 😔 
USERNAME swear i went there like a minute ago and it was only 1040 and they didn't have breakfast :( 
dang it someone unfollowed me i would have had 200 followers . :( 
again 💔 , the decisions i make ... #sostupid #dontthink #endslikethis #shouldhaveknown 
every time i see a dad and son relationship i miss what me and my old man had :( 
i think i just made of the dumbest decisions , work over soccer :( 
USERNAME omg , yes please . that's exactly what i need . i need you 😔 
i must be sleepy . i wanted a cuppa joe but used ground coffee instead of instant . that was a chewy swallow :'( 
USERNAME i wanted to and i wouldve ! but they were too expensive :'( i heard he was moaning lmfao i wouldve freaking died ! ! ! 
USERNAME me too girl . i start back to work tomorrow so i won't have time for anything 😔 
USERNAME also i haven't talked to you in forever :( 
when i thought my boyfriend was hurt i almost cried 😔 
i'm hungry and tired but i have a feeling i won't be able to sleep till i eat 😔 #fatgirlproblems 
guess this will be a test , let's see if see if he pass ☝☝☝🙏🙏🙏 😧 😦 😕 
USERNAME totally agree ! ! missed our skype dates 😞 😞 😣 
this is what i get for opening up to her 😢 
my wisdom teeth is coming out :( i hate it . 
USERNAME aww :( haha . you'll be home in a week though ! 
dancing to without USERNAME is not the same :( , miss you dg xmo 
i knew it was too good to be true 😔 
some females try to think like a man but end up the damn fool .. 😭 😭 😭 
an angel . i love you jack mckelvey more than i've loved any best friend you are engraved in my mind and heart i hold your hand as i sleep😪 😥 
USERNAME is making me want all that food ! ): 
USERNAME oh dear :( what am i going to do ? ! 
nice deal . take a look . apple iphone 4 - 16gb - black (at&t) smartphone (mc608ll/a ): URL #ebaymobile 
the hardest days to love someone is when they are gone . 😞 
"USERNAME tasia is my fucking bitch ! ! ! ! but why the twins not here :/ USERNAME USERNAME :( 
USERNAME USERNAME lol ! i'm not sure i'm just saying that to prove a point , sadly my attempt are futile :( 
that just brought back a lot of bad memories #sadtweet 
it breaks my heart to see shasta like this :( 
me & USERNAME are gonna have a serious talk in the a . m about what she just told me in her sleep 💔 😔 
actually getting really mar that it's pretty much impossible to get in touch with my biola admissions counselor 😠 😞 
senior night was a success ! i'm going to miss marching on home turf </3 but our season isn't over yet ! #playoffbound #pantherregiment 
being sick has officially ruined my night and most likely my whole weekend :( #fml 
so sick :( wish i could stay home tomorrow and not go to work 
i wish i could have just went back to my apt tonight . my parents house is so far :( at least that's 1 thing i love about living in atl 
i wish copper hills was like how it was last year 😔 
do i look old ? ? ? i am almost 28 i feel like my life is over :( i want to fulfill all my dreams . am i too old now ? URL 
being left out of your best friends birthday plans . <<<<< :'( 
USERNAME haha i thought i hurt your leg again i was like dang ! 😞 
wake up ! ! ! ! no ! ! ! ! ! 💔 😩 😰 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME they won't be here this weekend :( ( 
i can only do so much; i wish i could take away the pain for you ): 
i wish USERNAME was going to the game tomorrow 😭 #sadtweet 
USERNAME lol sorry 😞 *puts head down in shame* lol 
i will not be sick tomorrow . i will not be sick tomorrow . :( 
the furnace is broken , my house is a refrigerator :( 
shabazz fucked us ! ! ! i'm a sad bruins fan today . :( #ucla 
USERNAME 😿 😿 😿 wish i was there for these thing 
and im super stumped on this picture im making . :( it needs to be perfect . 
strange happenings goin on in my house :( #freakedout #ithinkmyhouseishaunted 
tomorrow is my last game as an lsu student 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME sipping this #yakk with USERNAME but i ain't got no wheels ! :( i'm glad u doing better but i wish i could come thru ! 
i miss falling asleep texting you . and waking up to good morning messages . #sadtweet 
they cant find my babes like omg :( im worried god please let him come home save i know we not talking rite now but please let him be save . ! 
USERNAME hahaha miss you bonerking ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME stop using emojis ! :( lol and how've ya been* 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME don't give me a heart attack tonight 😔 
i feel like all my weekends go to complete shit because none of my friends are aroun d: ( #sadtweet 
USERNAME any time i see your name pop up on my timeline i have that moment of rory williams oh wait nvm 😞 then feels URL 
home sweet home , shower then sleep 😴😴😴 got an exam tomorrow 😩😫 😭 
USERNAME 😘 😘 😘 i'm at work now and just took a little trip to the er again ! 😭 i hope this sickness goes away soon . 
USERNAME it was greatt meeting u tnn but i didnt get a pic :( 
i'm pressed now .. i need to tlk to my mocha :( USERNAME 
everyone i know is not going to snowball :( i want to go ! ! ! 
i just want to take home every dog in the shelter , poor babies 😔 💔 
USERNAME ouch :( did you get bruises though ? :o 
i'm just trying to be a good friend .. but people are so unappreciative :( (( 
just beat #halo4 .... thanks #343industry i hope you can get off to making a girl sad t.t 
#sometimesiwonder if people can read my mind 😐 😾 🙀 
i saw USERNAME at the game today and she didn't say hi :c 
i need a case for this phone oh and my contacts all i see are numbers :-( 
USERNAME why didn't we hangout before you left ? ! 😣 
USERNAME i wish ! keep me in ur duas it's gonna be a hellish weekend :( 
i just wanna talk to you and only you :( 
la douleur exquise (french ): the heart-wrenching pain of wanting someone you can’t have this is me ! ! in so many ways ! ! :( 
damn , i have to wake up early tomorrow 😔 
just wants to cry :'( i miss my family ! 
#twfanmily attention twfanmily from usa ... #ify has dropped from #17 to #47 on itunes charts ! imagine the huge disappointment on the boys ! :( 
USERNAME your telling me you were here and you or USERNAME didn't tell me :( #badfriends 
hearing your bestfriend was in an accident gives you a heart attack ... i'm glad your ok leesy ! ! 😔 💜 
its sad but .... i miss my cat :-( i dont like this living with out him crap . 
USERNAME a girl got out as you walked up to your house :( 
USERNAME aw i missed you , i feel better i got a shot today ... but i have to get my jaw fixed . its tmj , i can barely move my jaw . :( 
i wish he didn't have to leave so fast ): 
my phone randomly keeps texting people ... sorry everyone :( 
USERNAME nowhere to go anymore , and i have work at 7 :( 
USERNAME aww did you guys take her to the vet :( 
happy birthday casha ! we all miss you & wish you were here with us to celebrate your 20th bday ... i love you sister ツ ♡ :'( #ripcasha 
USERNAME i wanna get some sleepy for orientation ! ): or i would <3 
and all the boys that played me , eat ya muthaf*ckin heart out 🍴 💔 
5 more months with my best friend ... #sadtweet 😥 😔 
USERNAME know ): so sad . he who shall not be mentioned i s so mean . but i have a plam . next time i'm home we shall hangout 
USERNAME i know right ! i've been craving it for like two weeks already :( 
and then almost four years for something else ... 💔 
USERNAME sorry for your loss ! :( know what you're going through . here if you need someone to talk to . 
USERNAME in 5 hours brown bear gambled his month long pay check away :( 
USERNAME fair enough , what are your feelings on the j-biebs/selena gomez breakup ? :( 
USERNAME lets text so we can vent to each other . i have no one else ): 
don't like sleeping alone . need my cuddle buddy . #lonely 😢 
just gonn go bang my head on the wall , bye . 😣 🔫 
one more days then off for 2 days ! that was a crazy week #fml 
USERNAME they're gonna do that i think like next week ? idk but yeah and the boys did like concerts in la that wher unscheduled 😭 
USERNAME no friend , aww :( wow , no lo puedo creer , pero pue sya esta estaba viejito , mta creo q aun jugabamos barbies cuando lo tenias 
USERNAME USERNAME thank you ! (; i feel so sad what happend to her house during the storm :( <3 
USERNAME :c yea thanks .. ! i'm wide awake it sucks 
USERNAME i know people always tell me that :( my feelings . 
country strong always makes me wanna go back to nashville 😞 
when a good thing goes bad its not the end of the worldd .. </3 
i miss how close USERNAME & i used to be 😭 
just found a little baby kitten on the streets and spent forever trying to get it to come over to me but it ran away 😿 
my heart just sank and it'll stay sank , .. </3 :'( 
USERNAME lol you never invite me and shit hooker :( 
dont let someone get to you , when you obviously dont meant anything to them 😔 
USERNAME not sure . i don't know if i'm coming down with something or what . had to leave the concert early :( 
USERNAME #idk people change i changed i'm not sure . it just not the same and i like being home more . :( 
ig USERNAME just gon fall asleep on me huh ? :( . #imawakeherup # <3 
just took USERNAME on a date and she dumped me :'( 
USERNAME we aint going tomorrow . :( havee funn girl ! 
my brother USERNAME is leaving my life today damn bro ima miss you :'( 
USERNAME you should really text your roomie back cause she misses you too :( 
no ! ! ! ! ! ! ! my baby brother spilled tea all over my #macbookpro and my ipod touch :'( totally crying my eyes out right now 
• URL 2f#/watch ? v=634e_ykenfm everytime i watch this i cry hardcore ): 
i have a very bad habit of walking outside barefoot in this weather ! ❄⛄ 😣 URL 
USERNAME yes ! ! ! ! :( i realize that :( but my parents don't . they don't even pay attention-.- 
i wish taggart would hit a bitch up sometimes ...... #takenforgranted #missesyou :( 
fuckk . i'm tired but i don't wanna go to sleep 😔 
wheres my best friend when i need her ? :c 
USERNAME i can’t stay away from twitter even at shows :( lol tenishia is playing brute now tu tu tu tu tu tu ;) 
USERNAME nice game . you and fellow freshies were great tonigh t.t eam has come a long way since i watched your first practice . #hardwork 
USERNAME omg i was soo excited come on ! :( 
my macbook is offically broken or something :'( il probly go cry for a few hours 
USERNAME yess ! ! i miss you guys ! 💔 
i'm gonna miss most of the seniors on drumline next year . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
depressing day solution . 😔 onesie on👗, hair up👧 & movie on 🎥 #makemynight ❤ 
i really jus need to be comforted an held can't even stop cryn long enough to go to sleep :( 
USERNAME yeah nothing else to do n with my phone about tu die :-( 
when we were together , i held you down i gave you all of me , but look at us now </3 
USERNAME 😑 😡 😪 😭 i'm so scared of them 
USERNAME i'm hiding in your closet .. might be the problem . my fault 😔 
when james and taylor fell asleep and i'm wide awake < #lonesome 💔 
not being able to go over to my boyfriends after his game<<< 😔 
USERNAME :( it really did look like they were having a lot of fun up there . i might have been a tad jealous . 
my lil sister is sick ... 😔 😪 😟 😞 👎<<<<<< 
fuck , my tummy hurts :( i think a fart is loading :o 
love that i'm gonna be woke up in five hours .. :( #nott 
USERNAME it was 100% halloween though :( no pittsburgh clips 
i hate when my boyfriend fall asleep because then i don't have anyone to talk to 😢 #sadtweet 
wish i had the love of my life with me right now to cuddle . 😞 miss you baby . #likereally USERNAME 
USERNAME i miss you more ! 😓 😪 😢 😥 😭 how's finding a seasonal bf going ? 
i'm waiting for something that's never gonna happen 😔 😞 
USERNAME stop being so depressing ! ! 😦 😦 😧 😧 
USERNAME lol , not seriously right ? if it was i'd be devastated 😔 😟 
USERNAME ughh nigga please i miss you ! :( & ur the only person i know who knows how to make rice krispies & im craving some right now ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME and eye surgery does not sound fun :( i'm sure i'll need it too one day . 
why am i awake , i have to work a double tomorrow and sunday . #fml 
jus dropped ma fone n a cup of water :( 
wow . perks of being a wallflower definitely lived up to my expectations . great book and movie , even had me crying . #noshocker #crybaby 😭 
dam my mommy and sister are leaving to the airport already :( gunna miss them >.< 3 
5 stitches for one of blake's best friends . parents will need to bring helmets and elbow pads next movie night . :( URL 
“USERNAME the holidays are way better when you have someone to spend them with 💏👫💑" 💔 
USERNAME i have been snap chatting you and all day thinking you would get then 😞 😪😩 😢 
is she talking to herself .... again ... 😒 guess a girls gotta talk to someone ... even if its herself 😔 
day two without my love ! i miss you chaco . :( ((((((( this really sucks . 
USERNAME see i have a droid so those #emojis are just rectangles-_- no iphone status #sadtweet 
i just wish kyle was here cuddling with me again :( i'm too cold right now 😔 
i need more followers 😔 someone give me a shout out ! 
me explotan , es viernes por la noche , no se vale ! ! ! :( 
i need to pee but i don't want to get up , i wanna lay down but i don't want to walk to my bed lmao i'm a mess tonight 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME she going to kill me 😩 😳 😓 😔 🔫 USERNAME 
USERNAME yeah i know ... don't remind me someone forgets about the little people in her life :( 
i cant believe i missed you tonight 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME you better be at ultraa 
good trend“USERNAME fellow supervillain USERNAME has a new message (and an important volume also appears ): URL 
aw ): chris is on my timeline .... he's sad ): 
USERNAME or somewhere where people aren't allowed to blast their crappy music so loud it shakes your bed . :( 
when ur pants look like u have a boner and someone points and u dont have one -.- USERNAME #gay #thanksalot > :( 
i'm really good at sending the wrong message to people :( 
i need a ass massage , yu got me mal ? 😭 😭 
praise to the people who have thick eyebrows and look good with them :c #jello 
just got off da phone nun to do na 😥 😥 😥 😥 
never thought ii wuld say this but im giving up on you ! :( 
USERNAME boo boo text me i don't have your number :( 
oh awkward campfire silence . #whatthefuck #honestly #fml #fsu #rez #logicretreat #irony #noplease #participation #youtried #youfailed #lol 
omgg , ang sweet di ako maka get-over :( :''> 
all the long texts and cute things you used to do , i miss them . i feel like everything is falling apart and there's nothing i can do 😢 
USERNAME for the three days i'm home 😣 so exciited 
sorry i'm late to the dance but what time do the USERNAME fights start in the states ? anyone ? #badreceptioncantlookup :( 
i only left the house once today due to being a nurse and i don't plan leaving all weekend :( i need a life ! URL 
kay works too much . hurry hurry hurry , and get off ! 😔 
“USERNAME after a break up ... 💔 URL sounds about right . 
i really need to stop fucking up at work ! :( 
USERNAME i deleted the message with all the address' :( 
USERNAME no you need to get on mine . we need to hang out soon 😔 
i wish i was with my boo right now :( 
USERNAME plus he was losing his emotions ... or at least the ability to communicate on a normal human level ... :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME we is really dumb . fo real :( 
i want everything back to the way it used to be before you left . #depressed 💔 
fuck i really really really want my sd card back :'( 
USERNAME ohh dude i thought that said lets go there sometime ! lol but yes ! i texted you the other day and you never responded girll . :( 
listening to sappy love songs when your boyfriend is 2000 miles away<<<< 😔 
i got school on my birthday this year for the first time <<<<<<<<<<<<< :( 
i saw USERNAME today <3 i fell bad i was so space out at first ): 
wish i would've saw that tweet sooner , ha . just wish we could've won tonight for you guys 💔 USERNAME 
fuck these thoughts . i wish i was empty minded sometimes . 😭 😔 💔 
USERNAME aww im so sorry hun ! :( beautiful family x :( 
i wish i could sleep with my dogs . #sadtweet theyre my kids ! 
pahamak na ugat ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( 
ya no vuelvo a comerme un dulce de cafe ! ! ! v.v " 
if i don't get to see USERNAME soon , i will be very very upset 😢 
damn , i done got stopped by dis slow ass train ... n , i dnt kno the detour route #fml 
man this really do hurt even though i'm a junior ! if i would have took that to the house we would have one ! 😔 😞 
not tired at all but have to get up earlyy 😔 
shouldn't have passed out so early . i didn't get to drink tonight . :( 
noo ! ! ! USERNAME and USERNAME why are u doing this to me ! you were a terrific couple ! 😭 😭 😥 😩😫 😱 😱 #jelena 
wasn't invited to the orgy 😭 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
this night is finally over ! i have to pack when i get home though :( 
USERNAME i hate sleeping in the room alone ! :( #comeback #missyou 
USERNAME where were yu today :( i was sad . 
gone b bored tonight . cant talk to muh twifey USERNAME :( 
haru haru 😭 🙌🙌 i wept many a salty tear . #bigbang #alive @ prudential center URL 
USERNAME thanks ... but its bad when you fuck up .. ): 
where's USERNAME when i need him .. ? :/ #sadtweet .. 
USERNAME eww .. well i have work at saks @ 945-5 then a . e 6-10 :( 
i smell nasty thanks to USERNAME smoking .... :c hahah 
USERNAME wow , and i was just about to give you my number 😔 
crying myself to sleep 😞 this sucks 😞 😞 😞 
if you spend the night at crystals you should come to mine :( ((((((((((((((((((((((( USERNAME 
USERNAME im so jelly . i want to ski so bad :'( 
USERNAME yes ! don't make me be the one to put it on :( 
USERNAME 😦 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i'm sorry .. jakes ass was there so i had to touch it('😩 forgive me ! ! ! 
who the fuck wants to come over and keep me company 😣 😣 😣 😣 
i am not a cute sleeper . i have to wear ear plugs and a mouth guard when i sleep 😔 
i wish i could keep this ring #sadtweet #illcherishitfornow #loveit #wantit #wah #bfsclassring #illgetoverit 
USERNAME :( (((((( i workk . i would've loved to go though ! 
south park and chocolate milk . i hate being alone :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( do it again with me 
man why are my feet always so cold ? #badcirrculation 😣 
never thought my night would end up like this . thanks for rearending me tonight an then taking off . 😭 
why am i so sick right now ? 😭 #helpme 
even tho USERNAME started hatin me lowkey on sum real shit i still wana talk to her but doubt it will ever happen 😔 
USERNAME no 😭 😭 😭 😭 dude are you home ? 
just got back into jersey . there is snow . this isn't okay . 😡 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i just googled him and jason asked who he was . i said 😔 
please tell me why my parents are in new orleans and i'm stuck at home .. ! ? ! #fml 
the new cuckoo clock in my kitchen has gotta go . scares the living shit out of me . 😦 
USERNAME *sigh* it is :( unless you wanna visit me when im bed bound at home haha which i doubt you doo 
i want my brother ... idec actually i jus need somebody ! this is too much in one night ..... 😔 😫 😭 
USERNAME i recognize some of the tech people from last year ! ! wish you were heere :( 
i can't stand staying up so late now . 😔 
USERNAME 💔 😪 without me ? ! i've been replaced ! 
good bye sioux falls see u in 3 hours #fml 
24 years old and still tryna get waves . i'll start balding the day i get my first three waves #fml 
it's nights like this i'd just love to have someone special to spend the night with . #badnight #ivehadit 😔 
srsly ? ang takaw sa battery ng phone ko 😞 👉📲 
i don't have an iphone so when everyone does emoji on twitter it's just little . freaking . boxes . > :( 
ahh the whole back of my head hurts a lot from when i passed out on the hard wood floor :( (( #lifehurts 
im going back to coldwater tomorrow just to visit my grandmother , its been a while since i've seen her and i feel bad about it :( 
USERNAME that would have been sweet ! yea i was supposed to go to myrtle beach with her today but i ended up not going ! :( 
rain on my windshield . i don't want to leave my car . i miss portland and i miss my dad 😿 44 more days @ home URL 
i thought joe was chasing me a second ago but he was going to the bathroom :( 
i have one true love , and thats to the detroit red wings and without her i am lost </3 #iwantherback 
USERNAME this is sad . :( i really don't like that you're so far away ! 
USERNAME spent my day with him even thoee he was so mean too me :c 
keith's voice on the phone makes me so sad :( 
i wish i was laid up with my boo tonight . :( 
USERNAME aww thank you keeks ! ! i miss you :( i love it here ! ! ! ! ! can't wait to hear all about irvine ! <3 
USERNAME hahhaha you need to come next time ! i miss you so freaking much :( 
USERNAME lol .... had a perff emoji for that , too bad you have a samsung now :( 
hard decision to make either go to #rsl last game or to #blueangels last game for first place is hard to chose i have no ride 4 either game 😔 
not excited to wake up early tomorrow ... 😒 😞 
sometimes i wish thm best days i had culd rewind bck 😔 💔 
it makes me sad when i have to leave disneyland 😔 until we meet again 
USERNAME USERNAME hahaga god we are awesome ; ): -) 
USERNAME tell me about it flying 12 hours and spending 4 hours in airports 😭 .. worth it 
USERNAME i wanted you to perform ! since they had a longer set tonight ! :c 
every time sederick digory dies ... a small part of me dies 😢 
daddy hit a rabbit tonight on the way to the game . poor rabbit 😭 #🐇🚗 
it's weird to think a week ago i was in labor 😦 
i just wanna pick you up and get some hot coco and talk :( 
my lips are so chapped :( but i don't have any chapstick near me #firstworldpains 
emma checker does not have a wikipedia entry ! :( 
my feet are literally frozen & i have in fuzzy socks ! 😞 
when ppl are rude it hurts my heart :( . #atleasttonightitdoes 
USERNAME and shes alk fucked up so like she doesnt even noe what she was sayin :c 
why am i so nauseous all of a sudden ? 😔 
USERNAME just look at me , lolol . i'm just kidding :( 
sorry little thing you were cute and i woulda have you a warm place to stay , good meal , & find you a great home ! #poorkitten 😿 
USERNAME if u haven't already ... try this too ! :{ ) #movember 
i miss my boo USERNAME , i'm here up awake by myself <<< grr 😞 *sigh* 
there's a giant bruise & bump on my shin ... thanks to USERNAME ... fankss ! :( 
i wish i could be a hardcore irish person :( 
USERNAME that really is ... only ate yhere twice and i loved it ! :( 
USERNAME yeaa i know 😣 😞 😔 i never been to a club before i see everyone posting pics nd i'm like aww but yea 😞 
i'm so m'fn boredd ! 😔 #cantsleep i got too much on my mind . 
USERNAME i'm sorry ! ! ! ! ! :( i didn't know ! 
still don't get what i did to deserve this :/ #hurt # 💔 
USERNAME you guys can't be having any type of arguments or dilemmas baby ! lol & okay ill be waiting 💔 
wish i was home in my bed 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 can't get use to dis ..................... 
#leaving :-( #airport #iphoneonly @ george bush intercontinental airport (iah) URL 
i hate hearing you like this </3 it hurts me :c 
there's like concerts i wanna go to in december :( 3 doors down/duaghtry , trey songz&big sean . wa ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME also im sry 2 say bt im n ot beereded n e moore . :( :( :( #newjob #allwayzbeerededUSERNAME 
i can't stop . i'm pushing everyone away ... 😭 
USERNAME > :( i'm trying to go home so i can sleep but USERNAME is taking forever and won't :( 
i seriously need to get me pre-cal grade up :( 
nothin of tv anymore is as good as it used to be 😞 
USERNAME i just beat him to death i'm sowwy :( 
i haven't heard form him in a week . i feel like calling him but no i'm going to wait and see what happens 😁 😣 ☎👈👊 
she will be home in less than 12 hrs #crying 😭 
i wish i was happy like i was in the summer ! ! im not ! ! :( #done 
USERNAME i have some ! but i'm not at home :( 
USERNAME if only i was lucky enough #collegeprobs #fsu #fsuprobz #collegelife #fml #smh 
i really need someone to text , i have never been this bored 😔 😒 
USERNAME it's like the more i sleep the more tired i am 😞 
and to top the night off the atm ate my card #fml 
it's all good till pops comes in and tells me how he's gonna miss watching me play . 😔 
nights feel so lonely without you next to me , singing me to sleep with your arm wrapped around me , and telling me your jokes . 😔 
justin and selena gomez broke up ? ! 😱 😢 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME omg im so sorry to hear 😔 your in my thoughts 
USERNAME this is awkward . i was gonna get you that :( 
USERNAME wish o could've been there :( been sick all day , but i still have brownies for your family & lil nugget . 
tonight was going great ... then the bomb was dropped .... #fml this would happen . 
going to wake up early shower , one and a half hour run , shower ... work . that's my day plan; but it will be sleep in , work . #fml 
drank all my tequila :( round 2 tomorrow with the girls 
USERNAME USERNAME i just got out of the shower getting ready fo bed :( 
damn amber alert for a little 2 year old girl from white swan :( 
i'm hungry .. but i'm to lazy to look for something to eat 😔 
if someone says its their birthday they are probably lying . they just want to lick you . 😔 
USERNAME awe they are covering it but it won't be the same without you there 😭 
damn why do i got to be thinkin about this shiit ........ 😩 😔 😁 😒 
we about the internet n cable i guess :( least i got a twix lol 
USERNAME hi tammy ! thank you dear furiend ! i've missed you a lot :( 
babysitting for another hour and a half but i really just wanna sleep 😔 💤 
my horoscope is so good i hope it comes true soon 😔 #wishfulthinking 
USERNAME :( ok boo , well u kno my # . if u call tommorro and i dont answer its cuz im at work . 
USERNAME i know . but i guess it wasn't meant to be 😔 
i wish i could be in your arms every night because the ones without you suck 😭 😭 
really missing home all of a sudden . i wish i was home sleeping on my bed and getting woken up by my dog :( #chiva 
USERNAME ugh they only go to the most popular cities in the us :( 
USERNAME sorry , just got off of work , i know :( 
i was taking 10 steps forward and i just took 10 steps back .... wtf ? ! 😔 😒 
i want to go to one of USERNAME 's shows :( 
sinister is the scariest movie iv seen yet ! ! ! :( ( 
when cortona says she can die if they don't get her back to infinity :'( 
mad cuz i'm missing all the fun USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😔 
crap . i need a late night buddy to talk to :'( 
ugh great woke up from my 2 hour nap now i have to go wash my face ! can't sleep with make up on 😳 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME for sure ! i already sent momma the link ! now if only john luke would be there :( 
USERNAME lmao that's fucked up ! 😭 it's not my fault ! 
USERNAME oregon , which is on the west coast :( 
really wish i was sleeping over USERNAME again . i just wanna cuddle 😣 
USERNAME stephh ! ! ! ! ! ! i miss u ! ! ! ! ! #gatecrasherto /: </3 
need more girls to join boxing , hate being the only female boxer :( 
being sick is not fun at all . 😔 #iwanttodie #cantstopcoughing 
:( rt USERNAME fuck off rt USERNAME so rt USERNAME high af . 
USERNAME yeah i’d like to ! i don’t have a car anymore though and it would have taken me 4+ hours by bus to get back home had i rode up :( 
USERNAME yeah i have not been able to delete a comment yet :( 
USERNAME ya u need to cum bak i'm lonely :( 
i've never lied to you , but tonight i may have :( . 
USERNAME USERNAME missing my boo :( and i am drunk lol 
idk why but the later it gets the more upset i get :( 
it's so freaking cold in my living room ! can't imagine how it is in my room ! but my parents don't want to turn on the heater ! 😭 😨 😩😫 
i haven't seen any ghosts in this haunted hotel . 😞 😒 
feeling sick tonight . time for saltines and sprite . :-( 
last football game for my senior ! 😭 😔 😫 #wenttoofast #gonnamissthem 
i just want to snuggle with nala . 🐶 😢 
i'm so tired but i wanna stay up and talk to armad 😭 
i never scream when i watch scary movies ... but this one had me screaming . :( 
USERNAME but ... kate , no one would buy it :( 
and he's wasted so good luck gettin him to move ! 😔 😴 
😔 #disappointed . need to find a new social media site 
“USERNAME why does my birthday have to be in july . ? 😔 🔫" mine is 2 
will someone please go see argo with me on tuesday ? i have to see it for a class , and don't wanna be that person going alone . :( 
USERNAME no te mortifiques , eres joven , todavía te faltan vivir peores experiencias :-( 
USERNAME haha still mad they wouldnt let me trade it in for admission ! :( girrl sucking a lollipop on your lap was priceless . xo 
if i go thru with this it'll be a big step 😔 
when i mess up my tweet . ): it was supposed to be 1.2k tweet . 😱 😔 
sippen on day soda , while err busy else has a brew . 😔 
USERNAME so philosophical ... haha you should come over tomorrow . its been along time , our couch misses u :'( 
USERNAME i know . it feels longer than 2 weeks . 😢 
man this dj is playing all the jams at the anchor to bad no ones dancing :( 
ohh mr . harris 😾 😽 #birthday #diamond #studdly @ union bar URL 
my eye hurts really bad :( i need to go back to the doctor .. ugh 
i'm not good enough to text you ? ? ? :( lol 
USERNAME you didn't even give me the chance to say happy birthday :( happy birthday ! 
missing my 415 babies already 😢 USERNAME USERNAME and my crew 17 baby USERNAME #friendzies 
USERNAME it'll be morning ten minutes from now ... 😯 i can feel it 😮 😦 😧 😐 yeah it's about that time 🚽 
i'm sorry to say gamegrade has ben put off tell des 30 :( 
USERNAME i was talkin to a certain someone .. noww 😔 just wude awake 
ah i just wanna be with my boyfriend and friends ): 
USERNAME 😥 i literally have a physical need to see this puppy . 
i wish USERNAME was here she would so be down for rockin rodeo to go see #ryangoslin right now 😢 
i just realized that daniel and miranda don't get back together in the end :( #mrs . doubtfire 
USERNAME hahahah si lo mas seguro nos traumamos en ese expwriencia 😔 
it some how randomly turned into one of those nights . :( 
i'm soo damn tired :( but .... what's one more hour ..... :$ 
now smelly guy wants to dance . i knew we should have left . #fml 
i haven't cried like this in forever . /.\ 😒 😢 
USERNAME haha its sad . we both wanna hang out with the same person . #sadday 
w . e . i've been in a good mood today& i will keep i t.t hat way(; 
so nobody txtd me all day , until now what ashame :( 
i have like 7 chapsticks and im pretty sure they are all out in the jeep #damnit :( 
i feel like i dont have a twitter since i dont tweet no more ... :c 
USERNAME i thought we was going to get crazy 😣 
omfg ! ! ! ! if it ain't one thing it's another ! 😢 
blah , omw to work . really wanted abt 3more hrs in my bed :-( 
if only i could change things and make everything okay ! 😔 #hopeless 
USERNAME right ! ! ! that's seriosuly the one thing i'd hate about getting new phone ! :( sad day ! 
tomarrow i'm just gonna stay home and sleep and watch movies 😔 
i hate how gorda & zeus don't get along :( 
USERNAME omg stop you're making this worse 😥 😰 😨 #puppylove 
that means ima have to cut off the hoes n get serious bout a relationship ... 😒 😒 😒 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME where i want to see :( i don't think i have one in my laptop 
USERNAME i'm out of gatorade , pepsis , and running low on fruit loops ! it's an emotional moment ! ! ! #depressing 
it might as well already snow , 'cause its so dang cold outside . 😣 
cant stop yawning , but cant fall asleep . #fml 
USERNAME it's weird , like i can't imagine shit past that age , nothing at all ... 😔 
ugh , i don't feel good . i have the worst headache right now :( 
i don't think i have ever been this hurt in my life . 😢 😔 😖 
USERNAME dude i wish :( i didn't want to spend the cash 
USERNAME woah woah woah ! you never came to see me :( and i thought i was your best friend ! USERNAME and USERNAME told me so ! 
just got to exchange's parking structor and yacked . good luck to me tonight :( 
USERNAME too late now , i preordered it already :( lmao 
ughh hate feeling like this .... hate my life .. #whywhywhy ): 
i used to get so happy for cute happy couples , and i'm literally past that point . it's pure jealousy now . 😔 
i wish i had some one to call babe :'( #wheresmyvibrator ? ! 
omg ! ? ? justin and selena ? ! no 😭 😭 there goes my hope for believing in true 💗 
alright emotional wave over , what the heck is wrong with me jeez ... 😭 
USERNAME i just woke up too , waahh text me i feel like a grown up :( 
it's soo cold outside 😰 why california why ? ! ? ! 😞 it feels like it snowed here and it never has ... ❄❄ URL 
i'm scared to go to sleep cuz i may wake up the way i did this morning :( 
realizing i was excited for my bday but oh wait .... all my friends are at college which means ill be celebrating alone till they get home 😭 😰 😓 
i think my bf just got mad at me . 😧 😕 
i thought i would rejoice the day jelena broke up ... but i actually wanna cry . they were the cutest 😟 💔 
i just want to be home with my parents and have them fix everything for me 😔 
am i really that jelly ? 😞 😒 😔 #night 
at the wave cave drinking beer all by myself :( 
USERNAME omg bitch ! ! ! ! ! ! lowkey i couldn't swallow one ! ! ! it wouldn't go down ! ! ! ! :( lmfao ! ugh ! 
ugh ... had to for a drive ! ! :( 
USERNAME -_____- then i guess this is goodbye ): <\3 
my knee is in soo much pain right now 😥 
so theres this girl and i like her . . . her name is melissa \(^o^)/ but im in love with USERNAME :c lol 
text me i'm soo bored :( 3608526062 .. anyone ? 
why is it that i can only see her , every night before i go to bed or do anything else ? and yet she still won't give me the love i give her :( 
USERNAME but he's gotten to be so sexy ... i don't get it ! ! ! wtf 😭 😭 
i need a hug because my pillow isn't doing a very good job . 💔 
USERNAME -_- don't get mad :'( & well i dont think people are gonna wanna go to the movies ~.~ 
one hell of a night ! this is ridiculous 😬 😣 😢 😰 
USERNAME i remember when you talked to me every day :( 
jem जान-ए- मन (2006 ): *salman khan* akshay kumar*_[full]_film_from__7sw . URL 
there is no worse physical or mental pain that compare to seeing the girlfriend i love in such a down mood . it's all i can think about . :( 
USERNAME i wish you were still here ! :( ( 
i'm going on skype this is boring :( @ jerseysown240 <<< 
USERNAME omg :( i wish i saw your tweet and freaked with you awwhh 
someone help get me away from this party right now ): 
tonight was perfect , i missed the all of the group getting together like old times 💔 
this is bad karma ... i just know it 😟 😥 
USERNAME yeah .... i need to go back full-time on my break . i just wanna have a little fun 😣 
this is the worst night ever . i would really like to have someone to talk to . #depressed 
i need friends to entertain my boredom on fridays :( #fridaynight #sucks #soobored 
USERNAME i love you too sissy and the bad part is i'd actually want to see you and eat ice cream . even if i was sad . i miss you :( 
my niece is literally a fucking angel . i miss her so much 😢 
honestly why do i do this to my self ? 😞 
donde tan perdida viejaa ? ? ya no t dejas verr ! ! ! :c USERNAME 
saw USERNAME USERNAME & alex tonight , but i miss'em already . </3 
my patellas are soo cold right now .. #brr ❄⛄ 😢 
USERNAME noo :( i need all the hairs i can get :( 
courtney only gettn like on ig cus of me :( 
well guess i'm going to bed early since oomf is tired lol :( 
comfortable ! one thing missing . #oomf #cuddlebuddy 😔 👎 
USERNAME haha i wish . i have classy in the morning :( 
i have 2 many emotions especially after sipping md 😭 2 many heart attacks today 
the most comforting thing right now would be to lay in alex's bed with layla and fall asleep to a movie 😔 #misshim 
USERNAME hopefully soon ! ! :-( i'm just posted in the car charging my phone .. lol but y'all really tryna smoke ? 
i can't even trust you , i can't trust anyone . 😔 
USERNAME i was craving a long island so bad tonight :( 
precious the movie is really disturbing . 😦 i think i'm gonna be sick . 
USERNAME i honestly wish i knew :( im a fuck up . 
my phone told me i only get 4 hours of sleep before i have to wake up :( ( #sadtweet 
USERNAME i miss you ! ! why won't you message me back ? :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME thanks for the invite bitches ! 😢 😠 😡 😤is the thanks i get for introducing you to sears ! ? lmao 
USERNAME i wasnt dressed appropriately for this weather so i was freezing outside lol > :( 
21 jump street isn't the same without USERNAME and USERNAME 😫 😭 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! i wanna come home but i keep needing transfusions :( 
so if anyone robbed a cracked iphone 5 please tell me cause its my friends :( he's really sad & you stole it at swhs lol 
USERNAME hopefully by the end of next week they're saying . but i'll only be working like 2-3 hour shifts :( 
tryna act like you'on wanna tlk to that somebody << :( 
USERNAME i love it ! i've been sick on my vacation :-( ... drank water after bowling tonight at the bar ya me 
that was a stupid tweet lol once they steal something's at me school it's theirs forever :( 
thanks guys for once again falling asleep and leaving me the only one awake ! :( USERNAME USERNAME 
i miss the good old days when USERNAME and i would be getting into shenanigans at states in the hotels at this time of the night :( 
getting to kfc and finding out it's closed is the worst thing that's happened today :( #blackniggasneedthatchicken 
me & USERNAME dreams just got crushed 😢 #totalletdown #whatislife 
this shits gonna have me up all damn night :( 
USERNAME no money :( lol & yeah she's having like a little party , did she invite you ? 
still at work . have to be up at 8. 😞 
USERNAME life sucks when you're not with your best fweend :( 
where the heck is everybody tonight ? it's friday & too early . or clearly , they just have a life ... 😔 
so excited that i can't sleep ... which would be great if i didn't have to get up in 3 hrs ! ! #fml 
USERNAME omg ! ! i remember sidekicks were the thing ! lmao i always wanted one but never got one :( 
me and USERNAME tonight :( im still upset ! :( 
my ankle is killing mee 😭 😭 😭 😭 . 
this decision is going to be so hard in in the spring ... 😔 #signingday 
ahora resulta muñequita ahora resulta maldita puta , antes de mi tu no eras nada❕ 😳 💔 🎶 
so many books in de store , and so little money for them .. :'( #needmoremoney 
USERNAME noo :( (((( ugh ! did you try on a computer ? 
USERNAME you don't want me to come to philly for thanksgiving ? 😞 
mann did i piss anthony off for the whole weekend #fml :-( 
no fucks . rt USERNAME USERNAME that’s not my fault :( 
when i love .. i love hard but i'm beginning to become real cold . just can't seem to understand some things & some ppl man . ugh 😞 #ohwell 
USERNAME lol it's just sad :( it's a girl thing lol 
you know that i really like you .. but you act like you dont care :( #sleepover #cousinssleepover 
i hope i can make $315 in 8 days :( 
USERNAME awe man , take that as a no 😞 😞 
USERNAME we need to hangout asap ! ): i need to tell you so much </3 
what is this i'm hearing about my lil bro 😔 .. 🙏for you brah ! 
USERNAME he's our dd lmao why aren't you here 😭 😭 😭 
#fuck . i need someone to talk with -__- hmu :( 
i sleep the best on the nights you hold me #nosleeptonight :( 
il s'est blessé ne si mal ... encore blessé. 😢 
gotta stomach ache ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( (((((( 
my niece & i will be apart for a whole week 😭 we haven't been apart in ever ill miss her tons & i will call her everyday ! #sadtweet 
bears are on sunday night . i have class sunday night . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME miss you too ! and aa :( 
USERNAME why do you have to be mean ? meanie :( 
uncontrollable hiccups right now .. #fml #hateit they won't stop 😫 
wish i could sleep but i can't cause my tonsils hurt so bad 😔 
ah ! ! #greysanatomy ! how could dr . thomas die ? ! i mean i kind of saw it possibly coming , but he was such a sweet old man ! :( ( 
USERNAME i have a b- :( these last two tests i took fucked me up bad ! 
came home and found ravens dog tag laying on the floor in front of my bedroom .. :( #imissthatgirl 
USERNAME you're drinking on your last weekend here ? ? good for you . enjoy , after all you are going to afghanistan ! 👊 ill miss you ! 😞 
i'm sad and it's not even my relationship 💔 😢 URL 
afghanstian next year ... this is gonna be interesting 😣 😲 😏 
USERNAME if you were at iu this weekend you would understand .... i miss the band 😔 
my family lost a dear friend tonight . i'm going to stick close to my mommy the next few days . i hate seeing her like this . 😢 
hi i am the worst person in the world yay me . :( 
USERNAME happy birthday ! stop growing up your making me feel old 😔 
USERNAME stay warm . love lots ❤ 🌸 she won't notice this :( 
:( subway be killen a nigga stomach dammit .. oklahoma (warner) only has subway . 
ugh , i miss my boyfriend so much already ! 😭 
on the radio this morning i heard bieber and gomez broke up .... noo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( .... just no . 
i think the smartest thing is for me to always have an otterbox . i drop this phone wayy too much 😣 
): everyone will have the tmh album monday but me cause mine was shipped last week & never showed up ...... 
USERNAME tengo sueño ya no puedo manejar más ! ! :( 
USERNAME i think we're having the same emotional breakdown right now 😳 😔 
USERNAME my bestfriend is polish ! haha we always play the compare game . yes it is ): 
USERNAME i just saw a picture of your car on instigram im so glad your okay ! ! ! ! ! :( 
every time im drunk tee be mean to me 😔 
USERNAME i know . and you know who is being douchey 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME my dick aint fake . be the best you ever had . > :( 
sitting by the fire at my moms house was just what i needed to help with this shitty night 🔥 😔 
s/o to USERNAME she has had what seems to be a bad day 😔 hope tomorrow is better and that your knees quit hurting ! 
little brothers senior night 😥 #imold #grownassman #brothers #bestfriends @ birmingham high school URL 
USERNAME haahhaha i know my boyfriend told me the same thing ! ! :( 
#iwish i would of died in my car accident sunday afternoon . things would be easier . #truetweet #sadtweet 
USERNAME oh yeah ! thanks for the reminder keith ! :( 
omg 1:53 :( (((( ? ? ? ? ? ? 
been in bed since midnight on a friday night ! the fucks wrong wit me ! ? oh yea i have a funeral to attend tommorow 😢 😔 ugh . 
ugghh 😔 nobody's up ! just me , my tv & my phone 😒 
just wanna go see #skyfal ! ! ! l :( #someonetakemeplease ! 
USERNAME i guess thats wat im gona try to do cus ion wana sit at the er late night alone . :( this is crazy man . 
USERNAME ughh i miss you so much it hurts :'( i should have never left 
USERNAME our neighborhood ? ? ? ? ? :( (( 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( i'll make up for it when i'm home for a whole week ! ! ! 
ugh .-. why do you do this to mee ? :c 
i'm about to not go to class tomorrow , i know i'm gonna be up all night :( 
“USERNAME shabazz muhammad is ruled ineligible by the ncaa . nba scouts all say he'll still be a top 3 pick in the draft ." 😦 
USERNAME you suck . you never hang out with me 😭 
mom just called me out on my weight gain ... 😭 
my dog steals all my covers ... 😔 😡 👎 
why did i not bring sweat pants ? ! omg i'm freezing my ass off ): 
but i should really be use to this by now 😔 #foreversingle 
ugh ... its only friday ... #fml i want this weekend to go fast ! 
i hate you . whenever its convent for you were friends . :( 
it really doesn't matter what you say , ill never forgive myself . #worstnightmare :'( 
you know what sucks ? .... not being able to drink while my friends get to sit in front of me and drink away 😞 #gay #notfair #annoyed 
as childish as it sounds , i just want my mom to be here 😥 
i had so many opportunities with the right person but i blew so many of them :( what was i thinking 
USERNAME that's what i'm saying . smh at kids 😔 . 
my world falls apart every time my batteries die while playing halo :( 
why can't this man be a godly man ? :'( URL 
jazmine thinks this cute boy looks like an alien :( no he doesnt . 
tried to watch a movie to fall asleep .. but nope ! still awake 😞 
twilight comes out next weekend , eh who am i going to see it with ? ? 😧 
USERNAME i had my fair share of crying after school while listening to out cd 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME i don't think the parents want that :( 
USERNAME i should be in england with you right now .. 😥 
didn eat anything for 7 hours since lunch . hungry as hell . but moms asleep :( #worst time 
USERNAME yea dude . it be like that sometimes :( haha 
i feel like i shouldn't have asked him to promise . 😔 
nunka pense qe me isieras esto :( i hate u :'( 
my boobs hurt soo much but they aren't growing ! 😭 
:'( -.- i know . wahh .... fuck you hate me 
ramble without me ? :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
it's really hard to explain to a two year old why you can't see them . he's just too young to understand . #sadtweet 
dear customers , the number on whataburger ketchups refer to the assembly line row . not the sweetness . stop making me search for number 4 :( 
i don't wanna sleep aloone . :( (@ haus of aaron .) URL 
funniest comedy ever USERNAME #mostlysextalk ... you floor me . 😭 
i try talking to him but it just gets awkward ... idont know what to do 😭 😭 😥 😥 😪😪 😰 😰 
he wants me to go to sleep :( .... heck no i won't go ! ! lol 
so apparently you can’t set dice dev dog tags with mitmproxy . :( 
this is always the time of the night where im jamming . it sucks that i can't sing right now though 😔 
when you're talking on the phone and the other persons phone dies but they're not home yet <<<<< 😔 
really really need someone to talk to right now :( 
the fact this is the best movie ever& i haven't been able to concentrate on it . <<<< :( (((((( 
i wanna go to bed but its not working :( 
USERNAME aw oh okay , sure wish we had some support from y'all up here in oklahoma for tomorrow . 😔 
crying is something i haven't done in awhile .. </3 
hey happy birthday USERNAME sorry in late i just got off work 💔 but happy 17th ❤ 👑 😊 👍🌟🎊🎉🎈🎁 URL 
i just want my best friend right now 😭 💔 
USERNAME what are you talkin about ? we slept . 2 hours lmfao 😔 
just 16 more days .. thank god ! miss talking to my boy all day every day , laughin with him , being silly 😔 
just drank a little coffee and i can't sleep . 😔 
what is going on .. my house is out of taquitos 😭 👎 
i wish prince royce would have kissed me :( ( 
my dear hookah , crystal , apparently hates me tonight and wants me to choke after 3 hits ... 😣 #sadday 
USERNAME whaat . noted for future debauchery . also hi you’re like a block from me but i’m in for the evening already <3 / :( 
USERNAME miss you too dear ! so much to talk about :( 
i wanna facetime him , but not wifi here :( 
have to be up so earlyy tomorrow . 😭 #sadface 
just found out she gets off at 6 ! ! ! #waahh ! :( 
USERNAME yes annd yes :( idk why she hates life ... but she does . ans i swear to god i do . i play it like everyday .. haha 
totally talking about t-dog from #thewalkingdead USERNAME with random people at a bar :( #goodnight 
haven't talked to him in 3 days :/ texted him & didn't get any reply what's going on i'm so confused 😟 😰 😔 
USERNAME i'm trying to send you txts but i don't have service 😿 
USERNAME well my body pillow needs to come back home i miss it :( 
that would have been the best first kiss ever </3 
funniest comedy ever 😭 USERNAME #mostlysexstuff ... you floor me . 
USERNAME yeah yeah 😒 you say that cause when the important people don't text back it's a big deal but when ewin texts you no love back 😔 
....... and im scared to get up and pee :'( :'( :'( :'( 
USERNAME the one time i come up here and there's not tv :( #sadface 
yelled USERNAME & USERNAME 's names tonight at brantley , but they didnt hear me 😔 
can't sleep :( ugh (@ saint joseph , mi) URL 
wishh you could be my cuddle buddie ! ! ! :( 
yeah apparently not here any more :-( (@ you're thoughts) URL 
i want to start an accapella group but no one would sing in front of people except for me :( 
dang ! no type of love in return #sadtweet rt USERNAME USERNAME q quieres ahora ? 😒 
so i bought a pack of cigs at like 3; and im just now opening them ... why did i have to sleep my entire day away ? 😔 
i wanna go on dates and stuff with someone , 😪 😞 
the sad thing about this movie is that the character mila is playing is just like me .. 😔 
approaching the rough hrs of duty . the lean an rock hrs :( 
USERNAME i was getting into my car and dropped my phone in it . #fml 
taking a nap from 7-2am was a mistake :( ugh 
i still pray to have us back like we once were 😣 🙏 #sadbuttrue 
USERNAME not what i'm supposed to be doing . ): lololol 
USERNAME whaat that's cray .... i really want to 😭 
well , people out there . time for me to go to sleep . tomorrow is essay day ! ! ! i have to do 4 essays 😭 all have to have a roughdraft&finaldraft 
i can say tonight has been a good night matter how i'm feeling 😔 😁 😊 #workflow 
who ever wants to be in my life will do the effort to be in it enough said ! :( 
can't believe they didn't let me in sports column ... :( #shutdown ... #feeling hurt ... #¡thanksbeothers ! 
USERNAME noo this makes me so sad . i felt so bad for him last night when he kept spitting up . poor baby boy 😢 
i gotta make celina her cookies but idk what kinda cake she wants </3 
USERNAME any idea for solutions on wraithborne crashing every time i try on ipad mini ? haven't even got a chance to see how it plays :( 
USERNAME thanks sweetie xx soz i'm having a right self-loathing moment - the holidays always make you review your year eh ? :( xx 
omg ! 😢 i would kill for some starbucks right now ! ! ❤ 💚 ❤ 💚 ☕ 
i wish i didn't have to wake up in 6 hours :( 
i miss my privacy screen protector . it felt so much cooler :( 
everybodys asking about . you tonight USERNAME cant wai t.t o see you ! 
its crazy how i'm so attached to something i haven't even had yet . :( 
USERNAME like thats ever going to happen ! hahahah fml :( dm ? 
USERNAME and i played #slender . i peed one hundred times . #scarred #crying 😭 
USERNAME solo llévate mi corazón por favor :'( el no quiere estar con migo por favor :( 
25 % & this is gunna be a long drive .. 😞 
USERNAME made me so sad when she started grabbing my belly 😔 
every time my dad brings up that name of that state i hate it more :( 
USERNAME USERNAME right ? if only i was half as cute as him 😔 its the asian persuasion 
USERNAME 😭 😩 😱 oh no ! 💔 fine then ... 😔 
why am i always considered the homie or friend zoned in every way #fml 
USERNAME idk . he isn't sure yet . he thinks it's just a sprain . i hope not . :( 
havent eaten and my stomach is starting to hurrtt :( 
i'm tired of fucking , i wanna make love for once 😔 
waah , my head hurts like a mofo .. :'( 
well , went to bed at 7 woke up at twelve ... now what ? ): #sad 
USERNAME that would be so cool ! ! ! i wanna go back with you though :( 
:( wish my body would get better .. the face that i haven't ate anything in 48 hours is not good .. what's worse is i'm not hungry at all . 
in need of someone who's down to cuddle and share their warmth with me in my freezing house :( 
USERNAME would be a bitch and unfriend me on facebook . #jerk 😔 
burning up bad ! :/ go away fever ! </3 
USERNAME awe i wanna watch movies with you ! ): 
i need to sleep i have work tomorrow 😧 😑 😖 
joe tried to massage out the pain but only helped a bit :/ whats wrong with my back ... :( 
:( wish my body would get better .. the fact that i haven't ate anything in 48 hours is not good .. what's worse is i'm not hungry at all . 
9 years today i miss you more and more every day cris :( i love you so much please watch over me like i know you have been <3 
i still feel like i smell like ketchup . #notcool 😞 
finally got a damn charger ! i feel bad for not being able to reply to my baby 😕 😞 
my other brother's ship out date is december 11. so proud of him . but i'm gonna miss him :( #airforce ✈ 
ay no mejor me voy a dormir .. porque haci no lo extraño tanto :'( 
je ne vais pas vous demander de me sauver ... mais s'il vous plaît ... 💋 💔 
por cierto un saludo muy especial a todas sus progenitoras :( d los q estén en este momento en x'matkuil :( este será el 2do año q no iré 😰 😢 
i miss my USERNAME red lip liner .... don't know if i should just pay the $30 & buy another one or hope and pray i find my missing one :( 
so sad i can't wait 500 days of summer :( i need to go buy it . 
everyone one seems to think i'm stuck up before thy get to know me . i promise i'm not 😞 
.... over 25 less than 30 .... too old :( 
lowkey wanted to spend da night cuddle & watch movies with her doe . :-( 
drunk drivers are so scary ! seriously thought someone was going to get hurt ! 😕 😣 😞 😠 
USERNAME i know ! ! & we couldn't go on that side ): 
you took your life tonight and there was nothing i could do ... you'll be missed nicky #depressed 
USERNAME USERNAME i couldn't help it ! ! ! :( 
feel like i'm only missed by nae and jess and elysia :( 
my grandma just made me get all in my feelings i miss her ! :( 
USERNAME interesting . so this might be why i'm allergic . :-( 
we walked to the store & some guy inna car stopped right by us and tried tellin us something . 😦 😭 i took off ! 🏃 
USERNAME cant you take them abroad ? ? or senior year ? ? :( 
they need to crank up the heater or somethin .. :( 
that awkward moment when u ask someone how their bf/gf is & they say they're not together . 😔 
guess i gotta try . just hope my big brother is ok ! 💔 
i swear i hate not having USERNAME around i really be needing him everyday but he wrk n i wrk :( ( n we are 4hrs away :( ( 
USERNAME i think so ! idk :( :( :( :( :( 
either i intimidate them or they don't even notice me 😞 #yariyari 
USERNAME :( ((((( oh yetta im glad shes better tho 
USERNAME yeah . didn't mean to rt it there . downloaded new twitter version and it switched my default unexpectedly . #awkward :( 
listening to during an overnight is depressing when USERNAME isn't here :( 
- USERNAME i was lowkey a little hurt . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah i know :( but hey he's single now . ayee ! ;d #holla . 
when you finally get comfy , n your throat gets dry<<<<< #fml 
USERNAME jappo ! bat ako hindi mo finafollow :( :( 
i really have to stop letting people us my netflix . my are all cartoon shows . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME i think i blinded the poor baby rat :( URL 
i guess ima have to get ready for a change if this happens :( 
i should've went to sleep after i smoked that blunt but now i'm up 😭 
USERNAME text me cousin like asap cunnt and bitch i can’t see emojis i’m not on my ipod ): 
when am i going to stop putting myself through this # 😔 
USERNAME i miss you , kelsey , & saunders soo much right now . lol , i feel so lonely ... 💔 
USERNAME oh ... i'm trapped in my room . my diet is liquids . 😞 
USERNAME nice ... mine is my beautiful dark twisted fantasy .. but 808s & heartbreak 💔 has to be a close 2nd 
can't even turn on computer tv now cuz lauren will get mad . i need tv to sleep 😭 
man my baby USERNAME ain't hmu in a minute ! 😔 
kansai has a line for sushi 😔 happy hour . 
do it or your face will itch like crazy ! ! ! and burn ! ! :'( 
ugh . i'm all tired and shit and USERNAME doesn't even care . 💔 😔 
i wish i could watch duck dynasty in my room #sadtweet 
oh shit ! i'm hungry again . damn it . 😞 
i love ut but i'm seriously already ready to graduate & be done with school ... #collegeproblems #timehurry #sotired 😞 😞 😞 😒 😕 
not being able to sleep the night before a show #fml #mylifesucks 
my love has a huge day ahead of him tomorrow 😢 
in a gay mood , i just wanna see him and cuddle and watch movies :( 
10 weeks and 5 days til i see my man . holy hell i'm gonna go insane . 💔 
i wish i knew all the right things to say to make this all better 😣 
trying to fall asleep without USERNAME is like waiting for rain in a desert . #sad #depressing 
USERNAME i sound like i'm dying lol and my mom canceled my golds membership :( so if u wanna go to cbc we can gym it up there haha 
USERNAME guys i'm on my dads ipod my phone is still with my sister :( (( 
USERNAME they didn't wanna drink w us and then when we came back downstairs they weren't there anymore :( 
why do i always care about people who could care less about me ? 😔 
guess i shuld of told oomf i was leaving before we started hangin out like that .. ugh i'm regret this .. 😥 💔 💑💑👫 
USERNAME ahh i left my coozy in your house ! :( ( 
i wish i had my sister here right now USERNAME 😞 
:( somebody to make me feel better ' specifically him .' 
in my manic departure to work , i forgot my wallet . i'm so hungry ! no money :( 
USERNAME friend had flat tire . just now leaving noise ... going home . :( 
only if , right ! 😭 💓👍💏 💋 😘 #loveey #dreamon #tumblr URL 
it's just a cold night to night ! ! ! :( 
it's pointless to stay over anymore . the dude if stay with is obviously blin d; everyone else is annoying .. j need alcohol :( 
i just want to cuddle all the time . #cuddledeprived #sadtweet 
USERNAME :( when i win survivor , i'll pay it ! 
#10thingsicantlivewithout internet . cause i have no life .. #sadtweet 
my ribs will probably be bruised in the morning :( #matressurfing 
USERNAME ha , i know ! just been a long week . soccer finals , performances here and there , then midterms . have to catch up on sleep 😞 
on my way home finally but i wish everyone didn't have to go :c 
when you come home to hang out with your brother , and he's not even here . :( USERNAME 
wish my snuggle buddy wasn't 2 1/2 hours away :( #cantsleep 
USERNAME yay . can't you feel my excitement . 😔 😑 😞 #backtothebooks at least we get to try to make it fun ! ! #girlscoutproblems 
USERNAME aww my poor panda bear ... tsk tsk tsk :( 
please , in the name of all that is holy , don't drop that thun thun . 😧 
this is so so old but i was soo happy :( (((( URL 
i just want to be able to eat again :( strep probs 
USERNAME you texted me one time asking me for something then never replied 😔 
USERNAME sunday isn't gonna pan out…i'm feeling miserable right now , trying not to puke my guts out :( 
i have the option to come to tacoma on monday , but i would have to leave tuesday ... :( 
#california ... how i miss home so much ! :( i feel melancholic tonight . the east co @ virginia beach , virginia URL 
i want you so bad & i promise you wouldn't regret it . #oomf 💔 😕 
soo hungry ! no ride . life with no wheels 😔 
i'm trying so hard to be happy . it's my birthday .. but all i can think about is how i can't celebrate with gran ... ): 
finally going to bed after being awake since 7 this morning i'm tired .. 😔 
i'm holdingg onn i 💔 ✔ my mr . wrongg <<<<< 
i can't believe you just said that . </3 #ihateyou 
:( rt USERNAME aha rt USERNAME she's a great girl ... but she has one too many kids to fuck wit ... 
words cannot explain how badly i want to live in the london area :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME wish u could be here andrew ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 i'm so lonely tonight 
i’m on 10% and my chargers all the way on the other side of the bed ): 
USERNAME shit i miss seeing your ass too :( ♥ 
i need some new guy friends to text ! i used to have so many guys in my life to talk to , and now i'm surrounded chicks #notaboutdatlife :( 
i found my mac highlight shadow ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
ow just got my finger stuck in my drawer and ripped a chunk of skin off ... 😢 
i hatee cold weather ... it makes my knees & toes & fingers hurtt :( 
my headache is unreal right now .. feel like complete shit right about now 😔 😣 
my blonde hair is fading ... i need to get touched up , but i don't want my hair to die . 😭 😭 😭 
almost midnight and i'm still at school . :( @ san diego city college URL 
man i wish i had something to do tonight 😔 #nolife 
USERNAME lol shut up .... i tried that once ..... it was nice but ......... ehh . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME well poo :( i didnt get to formally meet you . oh well . 
i love you gran . happy 73rd birthday . i miss you . so much . </3 
watching movies by myself because USERNAME falls asleep in 2 seconds <<<<<<<<<< 😿 
stfu . rt USERNAME i don’t have any friends :( 
USERNAME i'm glad we did too ! and no i couldn't find anybody :( 
USERNAME noo ! i must have just missed you :( 
why is it like 32 degrees in my house ? ! i am so cold :( 
just laughed beer out my nose when my roommate started playing baby baby by amy grant :( 
10 days ... all i need right now is to be with my family 😢 
praying to god that this car thing works out tomorrow 😣 😶 #fingerscrossed #hoping #praying #please 
out here with just a hoodie & its freezing ima wake up more sick 😢 
& i will miss out on a saturday night ): 
USERNAME ahha yes , but i won't have red hair anymore v.v 
holy shit dude these people are annoying , and it's still the first quarter . :( 
saw glimpses of home alone , inception , dark knight in the movie ...... almost everything except ........ james bond ! ! ! ! 😞 #skyfall #epicfall 
i cant sleep and i have to wake up at the butt crack of dawn ! :( waah 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm jelly ! we need it for our geneds . :( 
i miss my best friend in the entire universe USERNAME so much :( no one even understands how hard/amazing our friendship is ! see you soon ! 
i honestly dont even know what to tweet anymore :( 
😊 so thankful for USERNAME saving mee . i suck at driving 😞 ❄⛄ 
USERNAME niles ... sometimes i feel u ignore these tweets ! saw u in ny & was hoping 2catch u aftr the show but u didn't come out :( 
sleep kana partner ? abuso na tlga partner ! :( 
5 drinks , multiple shots and a pitcher fml #fml #imdrunk 
but ... all i wanted for my birthday was a big booty ho ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
taylor swift song are getting to me 😒 😔 👎 
still needa mail in my official transcript and sat scores .. 😔 #collegebs 
and too everyone who i was supposed to meet today for the first time i am so sorry my timing was completely off and everything :( 
USERNAME :( im in raleigh but ill be back sunday in time for the fire truck pull and of course for USERNAME s birthday celebrations ! 
even though i didn't get to see like 4 people boo hoo 😔 
damn i was mad awake and got so tired out of nowhere 😞 
USERNAME nvm i got it workig they broken up :( (( 
to everyone who went to the USERNAME today in la ... i'm so jealous ! you witnessed my babes USERNAME sing live ... meh ... 😱 😥 😳 😭 😲 
i have to be up in four hrs aand i can't fall asleep . :( 😩 
USERNAME you know better then that babe . i'd never diss you . still working hun . :( 
USERNAME spelled wrong and he's the only one with out his middle name mentioned . ): 
USERNAME i fuckig miss you too #bestfriend #missyou 😭 😘 💕 
- :( everytime i listen to #stan ..... sigh , malik .. 
flipped to amc and the walking dead is on again 😭 
i didn't get to 23.6k though and no one will tweet for me 😞 
i change mackenzie & as soon as she's dressed and swaddled , she takes a giant shit , cool . 😞 😑 
USERNAME hell yeah . ! you down to get hella ratchet . ? i fuhkin am . ! peecus i'm not doing anything tonight 😔 
i second that 😢 😱 u abandoned me bihh p 
i b trying 2 deion sander her ass but man , she must think she is deion 2 cause i cnt jook her off me ! #fml #cantstopwontstop 
USERNAME ♥ i've been pretty good ! i miss you ): how have you been cutieepie ! ? 
uhm excuse me , don't even tell me a german shepherd's life-span is seven to ten years . my boy is turning 4. that is not ok . 💔 
i hate that everybody smokes in the casinos 😣 😖 
USERNAME that but just happens you're busy too ! :( 
USERNAME ty wakes up twice during the night and i love my sleep wahh :( 
USERNAME chill you don't need to offend my black ass .> :[ 
USERNAME USERNAME i take that as a no lol 😔 
found a way tu get baq n the phone but all of a mii button dnt wana wrk #fml 
can i just end my life now ? thanks . 😭 🔫 
USERNAME i love you too noviaa ;* & so will ii <3 i miss you . honestly we need to talk :( 
jacksally19 trecelugo #fml tomorrow ! @ dillons irish pub URL 
let's do it like its the end of the world 💔 
i'm literally #shivering . not having a #cuddlebuddy is depressing . & i'm #sober 😞 
ended my night bad , everything was going good but i always end up fucking up everything </3 ! 
-_- why ? this is a bad idea brain ! go back to sleep ! :( stop thinking about it ! #needsleep #worktomorrow 
me playing is really . really . really . killing me .... #dyinginside :( 
words can't explain how i feel right now #worstfeelingever 😢 
why am i not on my way to stanco 😭 😭 😭 😭 
this kid is making me ball my eyes out .. 💔 
when you get so sweaty and tired you just go stand in the back </3 haha 
k staying off twitter till i sleep . #imissyou 😔 
little man is missing :( please contact me if you find him anywhere d: 
i thought USERNAME tweeted me , i proceeded to have a heart attack , then realized she didn't ... </3 never going to happen 
USERNAME if only you mom would let you sleep over :( 
USERNAME i hate you . :( it's not even far ! 
USERNAME oh i've posted my number so many times . never do get any texts :( 
USERNAME you see all my tweets but don't follow me ? 😔 
i'm not either that why i've never met you ): 
this place is better than the one in eugene , only thing missing are my favorite boys 😭 ❤ 
my brother loves & enjoys making me feel akward . .__. 😭 😒 #stop 
USERNAME i gotta go back in the morning :( bring USERNAME 
USERNAME i been busy with work & school , you never hmu either ): 
i wanna say soo much but i know it'll bite me in the ass :( 
too close by next just came on my pandora 😱 😩 😭 #memories #sex #ex #blah . lol 
USERNAME oh wooww that's fuhked up . we cudda had movie night but no , 😔 you didn't invite . smh 
i would be the one to fall down stairs and seriously injure my foot . #ouchie 😔 😫 
😱 😭 i just can't stand when she calls #meefat ew . #nobueno 
it's sad how i couldn't imagine my life without you while you're dreaming of a life without me 😔 
you know when you've been at a bar too long when they play 3 times #ihatemylife #badmusic #fml 
im wearing earplugs and i can still hear it .... :( 
fuck , i have to go . help my mother tomorrow . i feel . so . bad . for . her :c 
USERNAME :( oh .... we should do something tomorrow tonight ! 
i've been tired all week and now i can't sleep . #fml 
USERNAME awwh , mkay then ! i'll starve ! :( 
USERNAME i used to be able to do that with one person . now i can't make her smile when she's happy . :( 
USERNAME aw hunny i miss you too :( #comevisit #cantwaituntilyouare35 
not being invited to the fun things my friends do together < #sadtweet 
not gonna lie it was an emotional night . ever since i was 6 i watched those boys play football . i couldn't be more proud . #growinupsucks 😭 🙌 ❤ 
USERNAME aw :( i'm literally coming back in 3 weeks ! ! 
i don't ever drink because when i do i can't sleep :( 
well .... just found out how charlie sheen died on two and a half men ! ! ! ! ! rose you should have saved him instead of pushed him ! ! ! ! ! > :( 
USERNAME when tho ! ! i don't have the whip :( 
i always want to say goodnight but then i jinx it and i keep on tweeting 😞 🌚🌜⭐✨💤 
USERNAME but now i feel bad cause if i leave her speechless i won't be able to hear her beautiful voice :( 
you may say i do this and done this but your just making your mind a whole mess . 💔 
USERNAME aww fuck dude . were they drunk ? that shit looks serious . . :( (( 
what if youtube just decided to shut down ? :c 
USERNAME ): no i can't come up this weekend 😭 😭 😭 😭 
someone come pick me up & get food . i'm hungry :( 
sleeping alone is starting to get really old . 😞 
trying to go to sleep but the stupid dog keeps barking outside and won't let me sleep but so sleepy ! ! ! 😞 😠 💤💤💤 
USERNAME i'm sad 😭 where is everyone why did they leave me ? ! 
sleeping by myself on the weekend once again ! #fuckmylife 
USERNAME damn ! nayae masumo na hin duro ! > :( (< 
fucking hate how i miss you wen you dont give a fuck about me anymore #fml #missmybestfriend #hatehowifuckedeverythingup 
feels good to finally be home school and xtra curriculars kicked my ass this week i'm beat 😓 😔 my bed feels so good tho and hello 3day weekend 
USERNAME she normally show a nigga love she tripping tonight 😔 lol 
fucked up movie night ... must watch chelsea lately to recover 😧 
USERNAME this frosting is not going to work . it's because i don't have a candy thermometer . :( 
nothing worse than texting you're bf and knowing he won't back 😔 
i have a piece of shit if a fuckin father . and my loving wonderful beautiful saint of a mother lives in elyria . :( i have 0 luck . 
so much on my mind can't stand it . my whole body's is like burning up because i'm so frustrated . i hate this feeling . #dontknowwhattodo 😰 😔 😶 
USERNAME james i refuse to follow anybody you say to unless you follow me first ): 
trying to go to sleep but the stupid dog won't stop barking outside and it's driving me bonkers and i'm so sleepy ! ! ! 😞 😖 😠 💤💤💤💤 
i don't see how after si long something can bother md 💔 
USERNAME aww that really sucks ! ! ! :( yeah i had to go to my cousins football game in wenatchee and i missed the party :( 
i really like #oomf . but he never messaged me back :c 
USERNAME seriously indy i think he quit . its just sp and 4lions want to keep it under the covers till uk event :( 
i really should of made food or got food before i went to bed ... i'm now laying here starving #sadtweet 
analise and i are home alone and all we hear is tapping in the kitchen and walking vibrations 😥 😰 
USERNAME i was too lazy to go out today 😔 & me too like i love the rainy cold days but to watch it & be inside w the heater 😁 
life is going by so fast @ memories :'( URL 
time to pass out since everyone else did 😔 💤 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME no i can't do that 😧 you gotta pick it up again ! ! 
ohh dang it i got honey all over my legs ... :( 
seriously i really think its the vodka that makes me miss you . 😢 😪 😥 😰 😭 😕 👎 
i'm hungry ! and there's no gosh dang food up in this house 😥 🍝🍗🍤🍕🍴🍩 
not wearing my boot tonight was not one of my best ideas .... can't walk now 😞 #thankstornligament 
soo cold , wish i had someone to cuddle 😔 
where's the rewind button when you need it ? 😔 
it's time to get a house ... living next to a baby with only a paper-thin wall is getting old 🏡🙉🙉 😾 #aptlife 
USERNAME i wonder what's wrong with her . and if she's okay :c 
i really wish this head ache would go away :( 
“USERNAME did i just read this right ... ? i'm gunna cry ... URL no . way . im gonna freak ! :( USERNAME USERNAME 
😔 😢 💔 ” dude everything not easy in life so just keep on fighting on dude ! ! 
USERNAME stfu ! ): lol i ainth buying ur ass shit .. cousin lets go to wingstop manana perra :* 
USERNAME seriously getting drunk and then being horny is the worst #fml 👎 😡 😢 
dumb ass fell asleep on me :( no hang time . 
i hate when i can't fall back asleep ! 😢 😩 
USERNAME i leave the 26th ! i’m going to costa rica that night to do volunteer work ! :( imy ! y’all should come to the strip club with 
when i can hear my parents having sex 😭 😭 <<<<<<< 
here with USERNAME and t . #fml (@ fat sandwich company w/ USERNAME URL 
i can't go a minute without thinking about you :( 
dear twitter thank you for being their during this heartbreak 💔 #ilovehim #firstlove #pathtic 
i'm still 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
😢 😥 not the night i was planning on ... 
didn't plan on bein in da house diz early :'( lbsv 
yes , this is about you ! *# ! $*«<¥^« :o :( {¦:$»» :o ;)}>>£¥: mf ! ! 
i love sleepin all day cause then i come to time to go to actually go to bed , that shit aint happenin 😒 😔 
just balled my eyes out . if you want to cry , watch johnny .. 😭 😥 USERNAME 
throwing up in the middle of the night ! great fun ! not ! ! :( #sick #throwingup #bleh #tears #crying #cantsleepnow #needsomeonetocuddlewith :( 
umiiyak na nman ako :( (( why i am so sensitive ? i hate this feeling :/ 
USERNAME damn . i'm off at 3 😭 what about sunday ? 
been up for 15+ hours with no sleep don't think ill be seeing a bed for another 2 hrs :( .. then sleep for 2 or 3 hrs then at it again 
USERNAME cara de pito i dont even have money biotcch ): 
watched today . i'm been in a whitney mood all day ! #rip #whitney 😭 low key i was like that . haha 
and nicole fuck you for not snap chatting me back 😭 
USERNAME haha wow . ! you so slacked it . smh at you . -.- i was ima movie mood too :( 
i wanna get so fucked up i forget the world even exists ... but i work tomorrow :( 
it sucks when you crush on someone and they don't have a crush back 😔 #thatblows 
USERNAME eh , it's kool i ate some yesterday and since i got the craving from thursday . we shouldn't have ice creamifit'sgonnabemelted v.v 
i really wish i had pizza rolls right now 😭 😭 
i've had a bloody nose last almost all day ! #nomoreblood :( #nothealthy 
😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 new frushur ! ! rt USERNAME USERNAME frushur ! ! fun wit USERNAME app URL 
i believe in love , i'm just not sure it believes in me . 💔 
the only shitty part was watching her walk around , so beautiful , and knowing that things will never be the same .... 😔 
USERNAME just drink a tea cuz' i'm sick rawl :'( fuck 
i didn't talk to u da whole day today . where r u ? 😢 #bummedout 
i tried to buy this , but they said no ... :( (with USERNAME USERNAME and mark at craft & commerce) [pic] — URL 
how the fuck can you rt when you're sleeping ? 😔 #smh 
USERNAME i know ! ! ! ! >.< too late now . :( 
i hope the woman i marry aint nuffin like all my wrong decisions ive made in the past . i treasured the wrong girls in da pas t.t akin my time . 
tanner's cat would not stop asking for attention ... i couldn't deny her :( URL 
USERNAME wtf am i missing . whyy did i leave early . fml :( 
i cannot sleep please help keep me up . 👸 😿 
USERNAME i took it out for like 2 hours and it already closed 😭 #iwantitback 
i wish i wasn't afraid of everything . such a baby 😔 
USERNAME a-fuckn-men ! ! ! lol i was so hung over & sleepy today i felt like dying :( 
i want someone to take care of me ! ! mommyy ! ! 😭 😢 
but there's nothing there for me to hold on to anymore :( 
i wish i could see what everybody else sees 😔 
USERNAME i know :( i bet the while house missed me haha 
gettin numb with out USERNAME and USERNAME :( #comehome . 
hope i don't get woken up early 😣 😖 😞 😔 
when you're laying in bed at night & you just have all these thoughts crossing through your mind 😣 
.. before i cry bc my head hurts so bad 😩 😭 
USERNAME hayy tapos pag pipina-awaon ka pa tim bestfriend na mag kikita hya , saklap </3 
"USERNAME tu dia matluthfi ! . video URL argghh ! ! ! ! jeless ! ! ! ! t.t 
yikes .. i never know what to say under pressure ... 😔 
don't wanna make a scene , but i rlly dont care if ppl stare at us </3 #me &you 
so , um , too short just walked by our table . wow , we're all aging ... :( #reality #40club 
USERNAME ouch that sucks :( why did they ditch you 
USERNAME sure . i don't wanna talk about it ! ! ! hahah . :( 
USERNAME ughh i know ! :( i've literally missed a straight week of school 😭 😷 
tonight was the most scared i've been in a while . 😭 
today the planets coulda aligned , i coulda found a 4 leaf clover , picked the right lotto numbers , and met elvis and tupac and still lost # :( 
when you think you are strong enough , and then bam ! 2extra tons gets added . wtf #fml #strongenough 
the sooner i go to bed , the sooner i have to wake up for work tomorrow .. for some reason an 8 hour day doesn't sound very fun right now 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME high enough for the night 😏 😏 💂 😦 😬 
any time i drink soda or coffee throughout the day , i can't sleep at night ): 
USERNAME you're amazing ! stop thinking like that ! > :[ 
blah ! ! he got me worried , hope he's ok 😞 
USERNAME hangout wiff mee , i miss you , behbeh :( . 
clubbing in houston>> clubbing in corpus . wish y'all were here w/ me . USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😔 
oh baby why do i do that to you ? 💔 
i hate how everyone uses me favorite hash tag now :( 
dear USERNAME thank you for spending the last part of my birthday with me ! #sorryforthemovie :( 
USERNAME i don't like hollister but the boys are hot , i like magazine covers and i'm doing christmas modeling ! ! ; ): : 
i wanna wake up from this bad dream i'm not liking this at all 😥 
USERNAME well you're free to see me when they get an at home version or on other cam sites :( 
it's only 11:50pm in la and i'm already in bed , this time change is crazy . 😔 💤 
gah i hate when weird dreams seem so real and then bother you for hours after you been awake . 😞 
i never got anything .. or a reply today :( 
when it a quarter short for another drink 😔 😔 #lifesaver 
i should've went home today , now i'm stuck here :-( 
USERNAME it's real sad , no be sticks together anymore :( ( 
“USERNAME URL - mlb team bids $25.7 million for south korean lefty (yahoo ! sports ): URL 
staying strong . not going to be walked over 😔 
my poor baby . she at least needs to be around until i move out . i can't imagine not having her around 💔 😥 😪 
USERNAME USERNAME you were so good ! sorry we didn't see you after though :( 
😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😕 😐 ; asdfghjklqwertyuiopzxcvbnm . 
diz bitch . she's in the middle of the bed . scoot ova fo a nigga . USERNAME i can't even sleep :( URL 
yung feeling na wala talagang kausap sa twitter . #okay :\ maganda yun t.t 
i can't sleep knowing my babys mad at me :( 
so it took much longer to get out of here that expected . jason just got back from his last delivery 20 minutes ago . #fml 
i'm all out of quarters looks like no nutterbutters for me :( 
one #mlb team bids $25.7 million for south korean lefty (yahoo ! sports ): URL #offseason 
USERNAME :( aww im sure you will meet them someday watch im just so estatic about seeing them . 
USERNAME and i'm not made out of gas . ): 
f mee ! 😣 😒 lmfao i dunoo ... bored 
USERNAME i always favorite your stuff because i can't retweet it 😭 haha 
i've been up for a good 24 hours and i have school in the morning :( (( 
three times for the big homie trap_gawdess , i miss herr :( #cantbequiet @ village lake ..... URL 
me & nick are definitely having nightmares tonight .. 😳 😭 😳 😭 
girls don't like niggas that work at toys r us 😕 😔 
made it through 2 hour sets ! one more to go & i can go get in the bed ! i feel like vomiting ! ugh ... #flusymptoms :-( 
USERNAME my birthday present to you <3 . :c ) 
😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 this night fucking suck . i am in bed . puch my pillow so hard .. and my crying . too . with my teddy bear . 
USERNAME i get up for saturday school at 8 ! lol :( 
not the night i was planning on 😔 hope she feels better #sheisthebest 
hahah haneens family is the best ... sarah is the funniest person ever ! why can't i be arab ? ! :( 
dude had gangrene :( that ain't nun ta mess wit 
lizzie said she cutting me off - till i have the baby :( how rude " 
USERNAME snapchat wont find you :( try to find me morgannfaith 
sometimes you just don't feel like being bothered with 😣 
i miss him , i'm so tempted to text him but i'll be fine w/out him .. it was my choice to stop talking in the first place . #fml #regretit #not 
i don't understand my i'm in so much pain :( i need a water massage bed bad ! ! ! ! ! ! 
omg , the swerve beanie is up :( & i can't get it until next week fauk . 
USERNAME i was kidding he never dances with us :( but yeah i want to play that too . you guys need more controllers lol . 
thought i had found the one , but i wasn't the one for you . # 💔 
USERNAME who is impersonating me ? spamming ya cuz i love yew ;) hello : i'm confused , are you emmy or ? ohh :'( :'( 
USERNAME fuck seriously ! i thought i lost it ! i canceled it ! :( 
wish i could afford to go visit my bestfriends USERNAME and USERNAME :( 
USERNAME do i need to buy you some chap stick ): 
USERNAME dude i miss it too . tonight was so funn/halarious i wish yall would have been here ): 
i get so bummed when people comment on my uncontrolled flaring nostrils when i laugh 😞 , not my fault you so funnyy 😉 
feel like i gotta throw up; hopefully this sandwich makes me feel better ! ! 😔 
USERNAME for realsies though . and btw i really do love you and i miss you already 💔 
please god , i'm praying for you to help me . 😢 
i want an infinity ring soo bad too :( USERNAME 
is this my lucky day ? the day demi finally notices me ? no :( USERNAME oh well ... i still love u <3 
USERNAME why :( (((( i just wanna b wit u 
USERNAME :( just tell me i'm tall gosh ! ! 
USERNAME oh it'll be back , that's like half my personality 😔 
USERNAME haha idk ! when brendan stops bullshitting me :( he's a jerk ! 
USERNAME instagram ... oh ! ! ! no i don't . :( lol 
my crush just fall of the face if the earth no me 😔 😰 👎 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
wish i had a special someone to have a 'morning' text and a 'good night' text to get from :( #sadlife #justathought 
when #oomf falls asleep on me boo ! :( ( 
holy shit my face is fried ! #fuck 😭 😷 
i'm going out tmrw , and i'm still up . i'm going to crashh tmrw :( #why ? #whatiswrongwithme ? 
i wanna go home , i need my mom to take care of me . #dying 😭 
when you saw somethin you didn't wanna see & you keep replaying it over and over in your head <<<<< 😔 😢 
my cats favorite time to play is after i just worked 9 hours and have to be up in 6 hours . fun 😾 
USERNAME lmfao . that’s not a nice thing to do to a guys weewee . :( 
i just really wana see you one last time .. you shaped my life .. i wana say thank you for that .. 😔 
this part of the movie makes me wanna cryy ! #donthurthim :( 
i really just want a massage , that is all ... 😔 
USERNAME i hope just because i don't hang with you know who doesn't mean i can't still hang with you and jesse . i miss you guys :( 
mixed signals are no fun , being confused is no fun ... i'm not having fun anymore :( shutting my consciousness down or ill go crazy . night . 
USERNAME i know wish you were coming though ! 😔 
just found out i look 22 .... #cool #fml #grandma 
maybe i should go to bes because everybody is :c 
well what do ya know .. i can't remember the last time i slept past 3am :( lol thankful for my 3rd shift friends to keep me company ! 
USERNAME aww gloria ): if u need to vent i am here ! ! ! everything happens for a reason remember 💜 
again justin broke selena's heart ! maybe selena had to break his heart .. to see what the feeling ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( </3 
the worst part about being lied to is knowing that you weren't worth the truth . 💔 
one hell of a night . all i need is to sleep and think about some things . #goodnight #beatnavytomorrow #fml 
USERNAME it's not , i checked :( but warrior is ! that's what me and my friend are watching now haha 
USERNAME i missed you too ! work work work , :( went to hang out with some friends after . shattered my phone ! how about you ? ! 
i needa go to the gym tomorrow :'( but gossip girl got better :( 
wishin' USERNAME was laying here cuddling with me right now :( #iwanttocuddle 
got up to eat to eat some oreos , but there was no milk 😭 
makes me wanna cry thinking about it . #sadd :( 
USERNAME percasets or however u spell it lol but i'm hungry bing me food 😢 🍔🍟🍕 
rearranged and cleaned my room extensively . that's how you can show i'm upset and worried :( 
why is it the one person i actually want to talk to wont even bother . everyone else won't leave me alone :( 
need to try to crash but i'm not tired ! ugh ! this sucks . going to be a long day especially if i'm tired . :( 
just watched a story about my beloved elephants on USERNAME breaks my heart that they are kept in zoos cuz of politics . free them ! ! ! 😠 🐘 💔 
hmm i guess USERNAME dnt fuck wit me anymore too :( 
fell asleep on USERNAME tonight 😔 just didn't want to say goodnight yet ! 
i need another blanket under my comforter . #cold ): 
i just wanted to see #oomf , and now i can't . #sadtweet #upset 
can't sleep 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
ano ba yan ! pag nagdeactivate 30 days pa t.t pwede 1 day na lang agad -.- 
awwe :( i guess tonight is not the night demi notices me ... oh well i love u ! <3 USERNAME 
sakit beudd t.t dimana nyari sirih disini -_- tama ! rt USERNAME put in some sirih leafs ! (cont) URL 
when that someone starts to retweet #oomf and ends up on my timeline >>>>><<<<<<< makes me miss him :'( 
i wanted ramon noodles but my mom locked everything in the kitchen so i don't cook .. 😞 
i hate how much i love you . i had a date tonight . you ruined it and you weren't even there . #getoutofmyhead ... please 😢 
that moment when USERNAME & i start talking about how much we miss USERNAME :( ( #comehomecomehomecomehome 
please pray that we don't get arrested tonight k k 🙏 😔 
i forgot how sad dear john was 😭 😪 😥 😩😫 
i'm never eating dominos again :( i wanna throw up 
and tonight , we learned why sometimes , leaving your phone off when it dies might be a good thing . 😞 
eff me ! i thought friday nights were supposed to be fun👎💩 😒 😡 😫 💔 
hmm some people are just straight up mean :( (( 
i can usually drink you right off of my mind but not tonight .. 😔 💔 #tonightyourmemoryburnslikeafire 
USERNAME we missed you today :( wish you coulda joined us ! 
i always get so hungry at night ! ! 🍝🍗🍕 😔 
dominos pizza* that is . its hella good , but its bad for me :( bad for my diet 
it sucks i'm too short to be on #antm :( 
there are soo many fucking cops out right now . holy tits . i need to sleep :( 
i just dropped my 📱 on my 👩 & busted my 👄 ! 😣 😤😪 😑 
of all the nights ; why pick tonight to go flying down backroadss . #fml 
i have practice at 10 am , and i'm up . #fml 
i was heartbroken tho when i realized in the middle of the concert that i wasn't gonna meet alfredo :( 
USERNAME twitter ! at least it is with me . :( 
imma cry ... i have to go back to basketball 😭 
this house scares me .. i just hear the randomest things 😫 😣 god be with me 
i feel like shit n i'm not gunna wake up for work in the morning :( 
USERNAME o my goodness why didnt u say so .. i already left college ave in at livi no more buses :( 
wtf maan ! i cant sleep and i need to wake up at 5 > :( 
USERNAME be real ... i missed you more than ice cream :c don't leave me again . 
i need a new dream catcher , made with love and serenity , to guard me from being tortured all night by nightmares . :( 
titanic movie make me cry tonight ! 😢 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME i dont have an xbox anymore i was playing at USERNAME house :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i am awake too guys don't leave me out 😢 
read it and weep 😢 , i hope you die in yo mother fuckin sleep .😴🔫 
USERNAME i'm barely finishing my test :( we will go out tomorrow ! 
i'm going to miss your ass literally i'm sad 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 tiffani07 @ supperclub URL 
USERNAME my love , i'm so sorry ! i got sidetracked with my posse ! :'( 
man my intentions were never to hurt a girls heart again :( 
USERNAME xray showed some stuff so they think he may have pneumonia . he has an iv and oxygen :( 
too bad i didnt get the chance to see you today :( </3 
the honeymoon phase is over when your adorably cute bf eats bad #sushi and then says :( #iwillneverunderstand 
ugh i left my book in my moms car :( (( i wanted to read . 
i'm sitting here like kitty lets cuddle ! and he's sitting here like thumb *chomp #ouchie ): 
my bed is soo comfy right now ... wish i had someone to cuddle with 😔 😔 
i'm sorry but mike brown wasn't even the most reactionary/unfortunate firing of the day that title goes to matt mahanic :( hehe USERNAME 
i'm growing up too fas t.t ime needs to slow down .. 
USERNAME i dunno what this is about but i hope it gets better :( 
i keep waking up everytime i fall asleep . :( 
like him :/ but he will never like me :( night ig 
i'm soo hungry , but i don't wanna get outta bed . 😔 
USERNAME leave me alone :( ( && i always make work fun ! ! ! ! 
hella coughing ... feeling like shit . idk what's wrong with me . #fml 
don't talk to me but most importantly don't tell me you love me . </3 
USERNAME USERNAME i am awake too guys don't leave me 😢 
:( ( i feel like shit like all this has just been game smh . 
USERNAME make sure you read USERNAME essays on the gf1 and the 14mm pancake (respectively ): URL URL 
how embarrassing , i can't stop coughing 😷 😖 😔 
i like to have 10 hrs of sleep a night .... its 3 am .... i have work at 11 .... i have at least an hour before my ride wants to go home ... #fml :( 
shaw you just said all mixed girls are freaks <<<<<<<<<<< 😒 😒 😒 😦 🙉🙊 
:( , i don't feel good man , i hope i'm not getting sick 
USERNAME it would be end of the world if you stopped making music :( 
USERNAME you better not . i tear up thinking about last year 😢 
sometimes i wish things were lk they use to be :( 
USERNAME she was too devastated from hearing about justin bieber's breakup :( 
USERNAME omg that's a high fever ! so glad she took him in asap . poor little guy :( choc is the best they will take great care of him . 
i have a very bad habit of walking outside barefoot in this weather ! ❄⛄ 😣 URL 
fuck dude , i hope someone returns my freaking sports bag .... :'( 
well my 250 lb big mac loving ball of frat just tied the knot , that's gonna be one lonely dons delivery man #sadday USERNAME USERNAME 
why would you send me a heart when you were just sending a whole bunch of other girls hearts ? no plz stop 😔 ✋ 
😢 it was too soon for you to leave @ park view school URL 
damn ., i gotta work sunday at 8am . fml . that means no party hardy tomorrow night :( 
USERNAME USERNAME haha i miss nights like that . i feel old :( ha 
i got practice at 7 and i'm still up #fml 
USERNAME over here getting his feelings hurt ... fuckin 😿 
honey bunches of oats sounds so good right now . 💚 💔 😭 
USERNAME yeah that's what i hear that choc is excellent . will keep you updated :( 
crossing my fingers i wake up feeling ok ! i hate being sick :( 
i miss him soo much . like you don't even know :'( 
i wish i could've brought my nephew with mee :( 
a very important day tomorrow & i'm so scared to go 😔 
and will randomly just freeze even when i’m not doing much . i hope it’s not dying :( 
92e @ foster cty bl (sm ): :high winds on bridge 
i'm horny with no one to experience how . im feeling :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry it must b hard to b away from yr family when these things happen :( 
i am so upset that i let my emotions get the best of me 😞 
yoo why that jawn unfollow me for ? :( i ain't even get a chance to enlarge that avi lmaoo 
i wish i was in cincinnati with USERNAME tonight :( #imissmyboyfriend 
USERNAME i'm so jelly of you right now . the one weekend where it's start to be cold as fucck , my bf isn't here 😭 😭 😭 
i just want to curl up in a ball and stay in bed all week #depressed 
its cold as fuck outside and doesn't help when we too cheap to turn on the heat . #collegelife #brokelife #fuckmylife 
just a few simple words can drastically change things ... </3 #cantsleep #toomanythoughts 
i am never ever moving my legs again . :( work shall be fun . :( ( #damn 
just stole a fishbowl from the bar then broke it after i got home #fml 
USERNAME i know :( the life of living on your own :( . but for sure xmas if i dont go to cali to see my parents . & you get to meet my man 
USERNAME you weren't suppose to rt that , i look thirsty :( lmfao 
getting ready to go to bed <3 wish you were with me baby :( good night USERNAME 
i miss you ... so goddamn much . you know who you are . </3 
USERNAME USERNAME i am awake too guys to leave me out guys 😢 
wide awake ! 😡 😞 woke up thinking i had school .. 🙊 
okay . that was a really sad episode . :( ( 
i just want you to remember how perfect and in love with eachother we were .. 💔 
so , can i get a dm , a text message something :( i'm so bored 
nothing's the same i try and try iv been waiting for a text from you for over 14 hours 😰 😣 😢 😴 
getting ready to go to bed wish you were with me baby :( goodnight i love u USERNAME 
i just wanna be cute with somebody and have a romantic winter wedding and fairytale life . is that too much to ask ? </3 
USERNAME i agree haha . but sometimes being nice doesn't have it's rewards as much as it should be . :( 
USERNAME i really don't know how to use mine . 😞 
soo tempted to watch the movie the boy in the striped pajamas because it's so good . but it makes me cry every time . 😢 
i wish tonight didn't end up like this .. 😔 
i’m coming home ! ! ! ! ! 😢 😭 #gatecrasherto #danielkandi 
getting ready to go to bed wish you were with me baby :( good night i love u ! USERNAME 
that was , by far , one of the scariest and most realistic dreams i've ever had . :'( #hatebeingscared :/ 
USERNAME miss you ! :( come home and play soon ! ? ! ? 
stayin with my cousin and my babygirl got pictures with her she is growing up so fast i hate it 😢 
he dedicated to me . when will i be lived 😢 doesn't seem like it any more 
USERNAME i would if i could ! anything for you ! but i can't drive :( 
my mom cooked the best dinner and i couldn't eat it 😭 i guess its jamba juice and yogurt for the next few days😁 
just leaving xo feeting hurting :'( all i want is my bed and my pillows 
i think ima knock out now 😕 #feelingsleepy #bummedout #sad #badday 💔 
i treat you wayy too good & all i do is get shit on and treated like complete shit :( 
USERNAME i'm shocked she was up when i left lol i'm taking a friend to the airport hers leaving me ): #sad 
i was in a cop car just like 5 minutes ago ? 😢 
its so hard to act tuff && great when really ur sad as fuck ! :'( 
my voice is so far gone that laying down hurts my throat #fml 
nothing scares me more than when i think one of my pets are sick :( 
i'm drunk with the husband at huddle house . work in 5 hours and 30 minutes #fml USERNAME 
tonight was actually awesome . def needed that .. gonna be sore tomorrow tho :( 
i wanted to go to the hookah bar tonight wahh 😞 😒 😭 oh well tmrw night 
so my short ass was on a step stool stocking &i was proud all day cuz i didn't break anything then in my last 10 mins i broke 2 glasses :( 
should not have gotten on twitter tonight did not need to see that on my tl ): 
and then i think about all the hell i keep putting myself through .. ): goodnight twitter . 
warrior dash in 6 hours and i'm still up working ... this is going to hurt . :( (at the gomez's pad) — URL 
USERNAME ouch ! i'm not that old ! 😢 #redeye 
never wanted to be home so much in my life :/ #11days #depressed #hate #life #overit 
USERNAME no i'm not :( money got tight and i just couldn't make it 
another cool but weird fact abou t.t ejas is .. *licks finger turns the page* 
i feel like me & USERNAME didn't really talk at all when she was here :( 
feels good to lay down ... but sux to lay down alone :( 
i'm craving a nice fat blunt outside in the rain :c 
i don't think i've ever had the urge to pee this bad in my life #tmi #fml lol 
USERNAME i miss you way more .. & in southern indiana 😔 😔 😔 😔 
my sister just got done with her surgery 😥 ❤ 
USERNAME now i really wish you were in oswego to share :( 
i really wanna cuddle with my baby tonight 😞 😣 👫 i'm so cold 
even a small black widow on the simpsons creeps the shit outta me :( 
USERNAME there's not making it up anymore , wats done is done :( 
i'm crying so bad rightt noww 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
guh ! he's snoring already 😓 i can't sleep now 😢 
what else is new USERNAME and USERNAME no USERNAME or USERNAME :-( @ royal tea co URL 
i wish you could see what i see . 😔 
i don't think my feelings for you will ever go away . 😣 
i really wish we didn't have to leave each other 😔 
couple hours of spotty sleep and i still have a fever :( here's hoping this is what the babies already had & therefore won't get ! 
USERNAME hahah .. alam ko nmn un ehh haha pero di lang talaga maka tulog :( ( ikaw bat ndi ka maka tulog ? ? 
USERNAME no :( it was locked ! my purse/keys are there though ! 
you can only have one , which one do you want 😣 😢 🌈 
qq ta acontecendo ai no brasil ? pcc ta pesado mesmo ? toque de recolher todo dia ? quero minha familia :( 
gotta wake up at 5am for work and its 334am -.- kill me now 😣 🔫 
this nigga at jack in the box mad . 😭 
USERNAME yes i will it will be a gift when i see you . 😁 & i know i wish i can . just marry him 😔 aahhah 
i love wakin up & getting sick . #not ugh :( 
i hate nights like these when i can't sleep and everyone i knows asleep . i just want to talk to someone 😔 
my parents are gonna have a party tomorrow for são martinho and i won't be there 😭 
USERNAME ugh dude we need to go out . so we won't be on twitter all fucken night . 😩 😭 
the time has come ... gotta wake the bear up ! ... #scared #lmao . #imtootired #fml 
i wantedd to go the my brothers birthday so bhaad ! &watch movies . my parents be thinking waay off :o i guess hes gonna watch the movie alone :( 
i just wanna go to san francisco for the weekend :( 
seriously , all i need is someone cute & sweet to rub my back while i go to sleep . i'm sick . 😔 
that's myy soonngg ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i wish :( im sorry ! ! ! where u at ? 
#iwillneverunderstand how she could juss quit talking to me & act like we didn't ever have anything ... 😔 
i have a long day tomorrow 4 hrs til i have to be up ... :( 
this cold weather really makes me miss you .. i miss my own personal blanket . 😔 😢 USERNAME 
i wantedd to go the my bross birthday so bhaad ! & watch movies . my parents be thinking waay off :o i guess hes gonna watch the movie alone :( 
USERNAME cook top n hot grease buddy you better get some emergency zz's for ur own safety the freddy burn look is not hot this year :( 
USERNAME :( i know what that's like all to well .. my dating life is a joke ... hugs ! 
i'm drinking beer , watching basketball alone , while several people sleep in the rooms of my apartment . i don't know what to do with myself 😣 
in pain & in tears while he lies here asleep ! 😥 😰 
jeez i believe that USERNAME is sexy but too bad for us girls , all the sexy men are gay :( #fb 
making navajo tea because i'm effin cold ! ! and i can't sleep ! #sadtweet 😩 
oh lappy #5 :'( at least your hdd died before i left for my month of travel and not during . 
USERNAME hahahahaha omg we need to hang out dude wtf :( 
smfh this guy is a douche ! don't blame him tho .. 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME :'( nope ! becoz i have no budget ! :"( 
i miss my best friend . 😔 USERNAME @ velvet taco URL 
i was prepared for you going away .. but not far far away not 14 hours time difference away .. dude that's too far </3 
i'm really craving #shepherdspie - but it's 4am so i can't make it :( 
i just want to go home and cuddle with a pup . :( 
. USERNAME doesn't follow this fan :-( i'm not witty enough for him . #redeye 
the boy in the stripped pajamas makes me sad :( 
when i'm really tired my eyes start to tear & it looks like i'm crying 😢 but really i'm just super tired 😴 
i dont even fuck with mexican food like that but i want some enchiladas right now :( #help 
USERNAME rolled the dice and got the bad bug again :( cant wait for a fix . URL 
i'm so tired of everything . wake me up when i'm 23 and have an apartment , a job and a hot boyfriend . 😔 
i hate acne . not only is it unattractive , but it is so painful ! :( and there is a game tomorrow :( :( :( 
i'm pretty sure it was an old message :( #sadpanda #mycatbitme 
i've eaten too much junk food for one day :( 
look after you by the fray was playing the day you kissed my forehead :( & you were drunk but it was still cute ! lol . 
i went to bed mad early and rob called me at like 12 and woke me up now im widee awake :( 
USERNAME omgg how did you get vip passes ? omg i wish i could just say hi to them but u have vip ... i'm jealous of you 💔 
wish i was there so he wasn't with you . #fuck #fuckmylife #shit #help #lovesucks #ihatethis #ugh 
USERNAME man , then fuck your twitter lmao . i'm jk , i miss you dude 😭 😖 
finally going to bed & i gotta be up at 6 :( 
USERNAME dude my butt looks really big in this picture .. :( 
USERNAME was totally hoping i'd get a cool tweet from you after i gave you your food lol :( 
USERNAME lol shut it . its bullshit . 81 in a 65. they were doing some trial thing and were pulling tons of us over :c 
3:45am can't sleep . ugh . :( (@ the slumber chamber) URL 
i hate when i'm not the one driving so i have to wait on the driver 😢 
still so sad i lost my hood at USERNAME 😿 dear santa , send me a new one ? ? USERNAME 
USERNAME i'm not gonna b able to sleep forever :( 
oh man ! there's that thing going on tomorrow ! :c 
this kid went to sleep mad at me </3 . 
ooh i just love waking up sick as hell two nights in a row . not very happy right now . :( 
really wish i could've seen USERNAME in kato #sadtweet #notoldenough 
whew . god i hate scary movies .... thank god that's over ..... i'm am not going to be able to sleep tonight ): #imafraidofthedark 
thanks to USERNAME all i'm thinking about is how i could have see USERNAME at edc but i didn't go 😔 
in too deep , can't think about giving it up . but i never knew love , would feel like a heart attack . 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME noo qadar don't listen to her . we missed you :( 
if one more person asks me why i'm single , i'm going to crazy . #fact #fml 
mom in hospital . :-( (@ emergency department - baptist medical center) URL 
man , i wished i would've gone to the quince 😔 
not feeling all that well 😞 😣 . @ greystone URL 
why do i keep running back to you when i know all you want is to hurt me ? ? :'( 
i guess me missing you isn't enough ? 😔 😔 
the other day i got asked if its better to be single or in a relationship ? i still don't know the answer . 😔 #mentallyfuckedup 
that sad moment you eat your last chicken nugget ......... #sadlife :'( 
were sad cause noone wants to hangout with us :( URL 
umiyak man ako , at least gumaan na pakiramdam ko . nasabi ko na yung gusto kong sabihin :( 
i know i am . don't gotta remind me jerk . 😥 
i'm gonna be back to how i was last year .. #notgood #depressed 
backed up my phone to my desktop , i can't find my pictures 😦 😦 😦 😦 #whatifmymomfindsmypictures 
USERNAME duh but i'm in santa barbara ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( :( :( 
USERNAME man - how can they cook up this story .. so strange .. :( 
USERNAME i feel like you only follow and tweet people who have your name in their twitter :( but i'm just as big of a fan <3 #kidrauhl 
like seriously . this place makes me miss him so bad . 😔 
don't think i've ever been pulled in so many different directions in my life before . 😕 😞 
my shoes 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
my eyes brun of fear , but my heart crys inside .. </3 
just got done with my hairr omg , finally in bed . gotta be up at the school USERNAME for my game tomorrow 😬 😔 ✋🙅💤 
USERNAME USERNAME went come in ejoys in . no want talking to me 😓 you leave me out 😢 😢 
i really miss full house ... :( @ historic alamo square district URL 
USERNAME haha aw man ! i'm taking this weekend off :( she needed a break ! 
i am so grateful for everything and everyone around me , so no time to hold a grudge no time to hate , i have to learn to be kind ! ! ! ! 😔 
USERNAME oh man .. text me and tell me :( 
i haven't sleep well in past few days ! it is because i'm far away from her 😢 . i miss USERNAME so much ! . 
USERNAME it broke tonight :( your right its time to throw it away haha 
i really be crying real tears 👉 😭 💦 😢 💦😪💦 over the smallest stuff , like the world is about to be over or something lol 
USERNAME i was actually asleep jerk ..... you knew i had tweet text alerts .... why would you wake me up ... > :( ( ..... #jerk 
at the emergency vet clinic :( barni has hives . 
r . i . p to my eye lashes :( 
i'm suppose to be the only one ): USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME that's what got my hooked on my alcoholic addiction and now all i do is drink 😔 
USERNAME it is :( i hate winter because of this lol 
USERNAME is it cause you missin me ): haha i love you boo ! 
i wish USERNAME would sleep in here with me :( 
not being able to play video games loud at night cus everyone's asleep 😔 
USERNAME aww :-( i live for olive garden ! how disappointing ! 
skyler was making fun of my nose in health today and i did not appreciate it . 😢 
i was sleeping all day now i can't go to sleep . 😞 🚫💤 #sleepless #night #sucks 
i know that love is something that's not meant for me 😞 
USERNAME thanks for the invite ! ! ! ! ! ! i'm starving :( 
she just left me up by myself ... 😑 😔 cool 
well ... i'd love to sleep in my own bed ... but someone is using it . :( 
USERNAME haha no , david letterman is only 18+ unfortunately :( and it's in nyc . 
sleeping early and waking up at this time sucks :( i'm wide awake ! 😣 🔫 
USERNAME USERNAME :o c====3. :c ==3. :c =3 :c ==3 :o c====3 
i hate health . i love everything about it except what we learn about . 😔 
i did everything but it wasn't enough ! :( should i give up ? 
i know you won't see this , but goodnight . i miss you .... 😣 😣 
i guess some things aren't meant to be . 😔 😒 
that's exactly what i thought was going to happen you weren't going to listen , why would i joke about that 😞 
i don't know what else to do but all i know is i'm waiting and that sucks because idc how long 😔 
i'm so confused right now .. i don't wanna feel like this but there's something i need to do .. soon . 😢 
USERNAME yess we should ! ! ! i'm always there , i never see you ! ! ! :( ? i asked your cute co-worker for you once . haa 
USERNAME yees ! ): just sign into skype hurry im already on l; 
this wind is so brutal USERNAME and me are losing our box house . its blowing away right out from under us . :( 
USERNAME why did you move to oceanside ? 😔 😐 
USERNAME love you too even though you pretty much just said you wish you never met me 😢 
just now realizing how many characteristics bentley & belle shared . the way bentleys sleeping right now is exactly how belle slept 😭 💔 
it's that time of night when your just like damn , im single :( 
i'm so sleepy but shit . i have two more nights of both intern and straight to work 😣 
USERNAME i feel bad tho bf :( i'm glad you enjoyed yourself tho 
USERNAME i'm just hurting 😢 but i took meds so hopefully i'll be sleeping soon ! we have to do something asap ! 
finding out things you don't want to know , literally sick to my stomach . #ineedsleep . #worried #stressing #depressed 
every time i try to leave somethin keeps pullin me back tellin me i need you in my life .. 💔 😏 
the way i'm feeling i just wanna go home 😞 😣 😢 😪 😨 😧 😦 😯 
i hate that one of my ways to relive stress is to cry . to absolutely breakdown . 😪 😞 
i need someone to talk to right now ... 😞 
USERNAME jason doesn't wanna leave since we've been drinking :( please tell me you're not driving ...... 
i realize , i'm not a ons kind of girl . #fml 
USERNAME :( thanksgiving break we all really should hang out . i'm sorry i couldn't see you all tonight ! USERNAME 
cuddling with your sweater <3 yup i'm missing you :( 
USERNAME i know :( i really wanted a lil princess bt my bby boy is big healthy n active as hell already so im satisfied 
i watched coz i thought it was a good way to relax . i really had fun but turned to sadness right away ! :( 
well here's to another night cuddling with rex ..... 😔 😒 
just had the worst nightmare ever 😩 😳 ugh where's USERNAME when i need him ? ! 😢 
i'm so tired but can't fall asleep at all :( 
USERNAME haha yeah billy said ok just keep my pants on . so i did . don't worry , alcohol was spilled all over me . they took my belt :( 
my 19th birthday party on the 17th ! gunna get faded and not remember a damn thing like last year ! ! whhaatt ! i'm so old :( 
or me ! rt USERNAME and me rt USERNAME everybody smoke but me 😔 
this kid is a pussy abou t.t o . throw up #pussy URL 
if i was hurt & needed help out here no one would come for me , all everyone says is idk wtf that is ! 😞 
randomly woke up in the middle night , it's been two hours & i still can't fall back asleep 😔 
my body lost all weight right now . i'm empty :'( 
USERNAME your like katy perry . ? get it . ? no . ? ok . :( lmao . 
USERNAME luckkyy ... hmm wish i could live in la rather than sd 😔 😒 
USERNAME aw 😔 😔 😔 move down here ! 😁 
wish i could go back to sleep ! 😣 💤 
i can't believe i fell asleep through tonight ! #smh :( 
USERNAME no its not there ! :( and i'm cleaning my car tomorrow 
USERNAME well i told you not to buy a jeep because you're not a lesbian . now look what happened you can't handle it . listen to me :( 
you know what i'm single i can do anything i please to do without anyone holding me back ... :( why is it so difficult for him to understand 
ima miss my lil bruh man 😔 @ greyhound bus station URL 
USERNAME :( try to 😁 & 4 months will go by quick ! 
can't sleep gotta lot on my mine ..... i wish i was wit my bro he'll have me rollin even on my bad days 😔 💔 
i hate getting carded for being 18 ): but i better get used to it . #babyface 
i wish i had internet so i could finish downloading cradle of filth . i only have three of their albums . :( 
just when you think life is changing for the better it jus catches you off guard and hits ya w/ another kick in the dick #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME i know :( i wish i could've stayed ! next time ! 
😱 😩 i have to be up by 6am 😭 😩 
#downtown san diego ✌ البررررررد قاااتل 😔 😔 @ hard rock cafe san diego URL 
USERNAME oh god you're going to be in my city and i'm away to college ! ! ! #1dworldny i have such bad luck ! :( ( 
USERNAME :( (( man as long as your in school stay signal as long as possible . now is just the best time to be selfish 
USERNAME lolol i hit my toe on the wall :-( 
buried in homework on a friday night , wish i was drunk instead or anywhere but here . 😭 🔫 URL 
that awkward moment when USERNAME is first on my favorites of people that i talk to the most yet we rarely talk . 😔 URL 
i want a job so i can help my parents pay for my shit & like food . 😔 they work so hard for us . 
USERNAME omg stop tween like you wanna fight someone or something-ps you left meh tonight 😭 
happy birthday to my big brother . if only i could spend it with him at home .. 😢 
i would give anything just to be able to call you mine ... you would give anything to forget we ever met </3 
@ this point in time i wish i had someone that would tell me that everything was going to be okay . 😭 😢 😔 
erybody sleep on me now 😞 @ the stage URL 
where do i fit in to all of this ? 😔 
i'm so sad 😢 payton has been throwing up and it's making me so worried . vet in the morning definitely . 
USERNAME always ! i need to come visit soon ! i miss you guys ): 
USERNAME we missed you tonight :( but the cops came 
awe my kitty bit me then she licked me :( whore ! ! 
i miss having late night talks with that special girl or someone i have a thing for . 😔 i should try and sleep 
that mistake always makes me regret so much shit . #fml 
USERNAME aw thats no fun my love :( think of me while at work today yes ? it should make it better . 
i seriously don't know what i would do without payton . he's my little angel baby . he's my everything 😢 🙏 
whyy do things have to be this way ? ? 😞 
can't believe i just got dumped for drunk dialen 😪 💔 #doe @ 105 pocha 소주방 URL 
USERNAME ah it would be hard to do 😔 i would be scared to move in byself but i'll get you securities so nothing will happen to you 😁🙅🙅 
im gonna post it on here its trippy af :c 
USERNAME awe i sorry ! ! :( he is still waking up like every three hours ! ! ! 
my little princes just fell from her bed :( ( 
legit ganna be the saddest girl when my boyfriend goes to egypt this winter 😢 💔 
oh ! ! ! ! but its not fair , why cant i sleep ? :( 
USERNAME i shall annoy you if you don't give me my control number :( (( 
missing someone sucks .. especially when all you want to do is see them #sadtweet 
need many more nites like this ...... ain't nun like family ! ! ! ! enjoyed all of my cuzns tonite u missed out USERNAME hurry home :( 
just woke up screaming and in tears and the worse part is i'm in bed alone 😢 
is anyone in college station able to give me a ride home ? :( 
<--- 19yo & still afraid of the dark otl .. so 😔 
USERNAME ha ha yeah imma pee than quit and hold it till two :( tomorrow ha so far away 
body works and abs class in the am ! if i wake up 😊 my body aches from not regularly exercise anymore . i miss sports :( 
USERNAME i'm hip n all my hoes went to sleep :'( 
USERNAME oh you tlkn bout my booty lol .. 😣 😣 😣 tht hurt my feelings 
only ppl on my tl USERNAME & USERNAME & they seem mad :( 
my leg hurts so bad . 😔 i hope i get some sleep seriously . 
the worst way to miss someone is to be sitting next to them knowing things will never be the same ... :-( #hurt 
too drunk to look at myself in a mirror without laughing :( 
USERNAME it's so cold in my room i can't even sleep 😔 
it's so cold in my room i can't even sleep 😔 
these dads definitely showed me up tonight , i was ready for bed 2.5 hours ago 😳 😞 #exhausted #collegestudent 
my bd unfollowed me then blocked me .. good thing i was following him twice ! ! 😭 
words of wisdom during late nights ... i hate those moments :-( #regret #stupid #realnotfake 
USERNAME it woulda smacked if you came tho ! :c 
i don't like new schedule came out for thanksgiving week too early . sucks :'( hek 
USERNAME USERNAME b3d glbi eli ydrsoon :( mash ma at5ylha jam3a w ktha 7dha el hilal 
finally home . man i am nothing without my changa 🐒 she needs to come back home already 😔 
USERNAME i know my girl and me were craving some dq :( 
someone text me im the only one without a guy tonite :/ #depressing #anyonewannacomeover ? 
USERNAME lmaoo side pony with an incredible tease job along with it 😭 😭 😭 
ahh i just wanna go back to sleep . but in soo wide awake ! #fml 
what's it feel like to be beautiful ? for just one day i wish i could experience what being beautiful was all about :( 
USERNAME ugh now i'm wide awake and can't sleep 😔 
it really sucks you can't change the past . or get second chances 😔 
hate when des is sick 😔 i wish i could just take it for her ! ima be up all night smh ... 
i don't wanna be sinqle i jus want him USERNAME . ughh haha . he already know ... :( 
USERNAME idk cause i have work till close and gotta be to stop n go at six on sunday ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME 7asbbee allah jaat 3la elwtrr el7sas 7marah :( ( 
just got now i can't go back to sleep :-( should to take a stroll 
✌ out rusko ! brew co ! and i'm still soberr 😔 
USERNAME i need one of your pep talks . like forreal :( 
i hate the cold it makes my knees hurt :( 
first night in over a month i am sleeping without USERNAME :( 
what i want to do: 😴➡⏰➡📢➡ 😳 ➡🔕➡ 😣 ➡😩➡ 😞 ➡😪➡😴. but i have to get ready for work . good morning ☕ 
fuck . can it be the 23rd already ? ! 😣 
that heart dropping moment when you see the cutest boy you know in a picture with a girl 😩 💔 
i woke up bc of stupid dreams 😞 & morgan page following me ... cool mane ... goodnight 
text me USERNAME . 623 221 7332 i lost your number :( 
USERNAME :( wow . my electricity keeps flickering . i see what ya mean ! #creepy 
flying home by myself . :( (@ palm beach international airport (pbi)) URL 
- i hate that first 60 seconds of laying down . my lower back hurts so bad . 😔 😫 
the only thing i miss about a relationship is always having someone to talk to and someone to be there for you ... 😕 #sadtweet 
every girl has feelings so don't ever fuck with their feelings because there not just things you can mess with .. 😢 
i just want someone to cuddle with too .... 😔 
too bad a special person was missing ): tomorrow night ? do it all again ! 
i have to work in a couple of hrs ): 
USERNAME bro im pretty drunk too . but im like wierd sad drunk right now . remember that girl who runs her fingers down my back :( 
i sometimes wish people gave the same effort i did . 😔 
fuck this fucking halo shit , i just want USERNAME ): 
this all nighter is already kicking my ass . damn you informative speech that i have to present tomorrow . #procrastination #allnighter #fml 
USERNAME lmfao ! ! ! ! dead 😭 😭 😭 
omfg ! ! rude awakening from this horrendous cough of mines ! ! ! ! ! :'( cant get no sleep ...... thinkin about gettin some medicine . 
USERNAME i'm sorry cameron . get well soon . :( i tried texting you earlier 
80e @ 8th (sf ): :high winds on bridge (was: slow down 35 mph curve 3 miles ahead) 
80w @ bay brg incl (ala ): :high winds on bridge (was: slow down 2 miles ahead 35 mph curve) 
USERNAME unfortunately yes 😔 but it's ok ! yal are delicious 
i think im finally over it . its abou t.t ime . 
seeing my grandma cry this hard is breaking my heart 💔 
rt USERNAME trillville - some cut instrumental (feat . cutty ): URL they be loving this 
i miss my princess mermaid bed , my expensive sheets that my mom won't shut up about & my huggy 😔 
i'm so frustrated cause i'm tired but i can't get comfortable enough to sleep . all i'm doing is tossing & turning :'( 
USERNAME youguyswere amazingtonight ! pleasecome backverysoon ! i can'tsleep coz im toohappy ! i wish i gotyour jacket :( holla back please ^^ 
oh how i love this xbox . movie time by myself .... :( #theinvisible 
if only my bestfriend was still awake too :( USERNAME 
my photos since college were in that laptop :( too many memories ! ! ! ! ! 
when you wake up in the middle of the night & just start crying <<<<< </3 the pain is real . 
i talk to myself while i watch tv cuz i got no one else to watch with . #sadtweet 
USERNAME i'm not use to talking to you with them 😞 #meanie 
it sucks when you don't have your homies with you cuz i was just 1 against 7 and i had to keep my mouth shut :( 
i wish i never had to leave his bed :( 
this guy just broke my girls heart . he deserves to die . 💔 
USERNAME i meant una wise . i always knew you was a true friend ! ! ! but unfortunately you don't go to school with me :( 
USERNAME kish femen hahha ata shum xheloze e kish :'( 
i would do anything to go back in time and be able to spend time with you again . #imissyou #sadtweet 
USERNAME miss you 😢 #youiskind ❤ #youissmart 💡 #youisimportant 👯 URL 
i just want to be able to sleep right now :( 
fuckk ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! USERNAME just got my hopes up for nothing ! :( 
USERNAME i was about to tweet your ass ! i miss you too hun 😔 text me ! 💜 
when i can't shut my mind off , you is where it wanders to . simply because .. well , i love you . </3 
i feel like i'm never going to get out of here :( 
honest to god i never imagined this ... it was like in a blink of an eye he left 😔 
:'( i hate this stupid fucken cough now i cant go back 2 sleep .. i wanna go buy medicine but babe wont go this late with me . i feel horrible . 
just got home from work 😣 ... i wanna slap the shot outta everyone there . 😤 😡 god please give me this construction job with my brother 🙏 
USERNAME that sucks :( lol i was wondering why u were up this late on friday ha 
sickk ! ! ! :'( cold sweats , hot then cold , chills even though i'm under like 4 blankets . fuck you whoever gave me this ! ! ! ! t(-_-) 
why did i have to randomly wake up at 5 am ! i wld be fine if i didn't 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
“USERNAME USERNAME why aren't u in #palmsprings URL we were gonna have a booth ! :( miss u guys xx 
this is a joke i've had 4 hours sleep 😞 😔 
seriously i'm getting so sick of my live here ! #fml 
USERNAME super slr . haha ! excited na'kong makita grades ko . pero kinakabahan ako baka kasi maraming bumaba sa'kin . :( 
i think this little nigga got me sick -.- ): </3 
i hate it how i go to bed early considering i have to be up at 5am for work and yet am still somehow tired ! ! ! #fml 
waking up crying because you know this time you did nothing wrong :( < 
USERNAME i no but it makes me feel shitty :( as long as bri never sees me drunk its all good 
my driver swore she not drunk but she on both lanes :( lol 
USERNAME me too :( its ok though i'm gonna tune in ! 
toki , noo ! ! ! ! :( :( :( 
i'm gonna be single for ever fuck it . :o o . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME rgmii yslm 3laik ma b3d sh3'ltah .. 5the rgm omy w yarb ymshi m3ak l2n 7awlt aklmkm 3ya :( (720) 227-4320 
i told you i can't sleep unless he's near me . :( 
can't sleep with all this shitt going threw my head 😣 🔫 
i'm gonna be so worried , and i don't want you to go ): 
at one point i did remember sleeping . 😔 #insomnia 
you just lost me again and for the last time .. 💔 
- me going to sleep ruined my whole night , :( 
already back to the airport :( he just stays traveling these days . i'm proud and depressed at the same time lol 
every time i see into a girls eyes 👀 i see their pain when they are hurt 💔 .. 
when is my iphone going to shut off ? #never i hope . 😭 
USERNAME please text me when you wake up . it's an emergency . i need you . 😞 
i hate when im saying goodnight & others are saying good morning , my sleeping schedule isn't the bomb :( 
USERNAME you're missing out on life than . poor lane :( 
could slap the pure shit out of oomf right now grr i have to be up in an hour :( 
"USERNAME this trick is almost as bad as lolo ...... USERNAME hey :-( 
moving on is the only thing to do especially when all the signs are there . time heals all wounds . :'( 
USERNAME i had a dream that you and wyatt both texted me something totally pedophile-like and it was hilarious but i can't remember . :( 
selling my soul to the cruel public until noon . :c ue spaceship: 
USERNAME i really , really want to ! but i'm not sure if i'll have a ride there :( 
😪😷feel really sick before my nyc trip ! 😢 😖 
got up at 530 to take my brother to his soccer game an hour away .... #didntevensleeplastnight 😣 
i can't even sleep even if i tried ...... i'm trying :( (( 
my stummy hurts soo bad but i need to be leaving for work soon . 😞 
seems like i need to change my name , but i don't want to :'( i wait until we really know what happend 
USERNAME it's so cold i'm sleeping in my snow gear :( ( 
had to change up the game .. oh the weather is not the same .. #cloudydays 😒 😔 
dreading the 21 ... i wish i was gonna be in texas ... i know my mamas gonna need me :( 
ughh reddi t.t xt was on my feed and now i feel super nauseous 
was gonna make prints . not happy with how it came out . so , whoever wants this can have it 😔 @ hell URL 
USERNAME USERNAME you have no right to insult yourself as a artist when your shit kicks ass like it does . > :c 
:( sads :( rt USERNAME justin bieber & selena gomez are dunzo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! URL #dunzo #justena 
im too friendly to girls .... like its just just friendliness , but its not right to my girlfriend :( 
can the other places i applied to call me , ive been trying really hard ! ): like seriously i applied to 17 stores & followed up #patience #gn 
i've never been a heartless person but why should i care if they don't ? i'm the only one hurting so its time to let go . :'( 
how sad , i barely got into trance because of #tatw & it's ending :'( 
USERNAME i tried to come see you . no luck :( #capacity 
pasalubong ko kay USERNAME bag na juicy couture tapos sally hansen na nail polish ok ? hahaha joke lang ang mahal :( 
normal people begin to wake and start the day ... us nocturnal creatures are just falling asleep 😔 😒 
why is my bed so far from the ground ? ! #housegirlproblems 😞 
USERNAME honey cocaine ... which we won't be able to see :( (((( 
i never said it was easy . i'm done getting flipped on , when i've done nothingg . 😢 😒 
USERNAME me too pathe ! :-( bangalore me hai kate na un ? ? ? 
hate randomly waking upp ! 😔 i can never sleep through a whole night 😒 
sigh , no one to text because jeff went to bed :( ( 
alfred why do you have to be two hours away from me ? #tired #tooearly #hungry 😶 💤 😞 
pain😫 so deep i got tears 😭 🆙 2 my shoulders💁 
a best friend of mine is in the same state as me this weekend , but i have work :( #saddays 
enjoy sa mga pupunta ng concert ni dj with p5 </3 
im going have to start wearing my glasses ... gahh stupid contacts :( 
wow i forgot how much it sucks to wake up for the morning shift 😞 😴 
im cold my feel cold & im mad bcus i basically missed a full episode of family guy :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME awesome ! ! ! thanks for the invite ! ! ! :( 
no no no no no no no no no ! ! ! i'm remembering why i only worked one brunch at mb before . #letmesleep #tooearly #stilldark 😩 😢 😴 😒 🍳🍫🍓 
USERNAME ohemgee i love you ! i want to go drive and get coffee right now because i'm the only one awake here 😔 
well this is not how i wanted the day to end :/ :( i think i messed up #sad 
i think i'm going to cry . i woke up and decided i wanted coffee and to play mw3. i can't find the game anywhere 😭 
wish my boyfriend didn't have to work all weekend :( 
i love sleepovers , wish my baby was here :( 
i remember when i got eyelash glue on my fav leggings & it stained them :( #randomthoughts 
USERNAME poor girl 😞 i get to see her at work . jealous much ? ! 😁😁 
USERNAME aha lol i am bored and sleepy , but unfortunately i had to wake up for work 😞 lol 
my boyfriend told me he woukd brijg me huhtin but i jave zero energy #fml #reallywantedtogo 
USERNAME muj edhe smuj , se po duhet me fshi kaniher :( ( 
there is one person i really want to talk to right now and that one person is doing what normal people do at 3:00am . sleeping . :( 
currently my room / outside . meaning ? it's too early to be awake ! ! ! ! 🌚🌚🌚🌞 #fml #tooearly @ la casa de dosve URL 
USERNAME no i watched how they make it so it tastes nasty to me now :c i have cinnamon toast crunch ! c: 
get up to pee . still up . rude ! 😾 
my cat didn't even act happy to see me and i'm depressed about it but whatever 😿 
5 am is too early to be up , especially to say bye to USERNAME and USERNAME and to be leaving nashville .. 😔 😢 😩 #sadtweet 
so , i've been told be my husband and coach that i should not race tomorrow if my heel is still hurting . :-( #confused 
USERNAME does it ? haha each and super windy :( 
USERNAME USERNAME wish you were going with us ! 😞 #getbetter 
not to be mean or anything but why are the guys i meet are mostly pot heads and there cute too :( 
USERNAME ahh so jealous ! ! ! ! ! ! 😭 
i've been up for an hour in a lot of pain :( thrown up twice because of it :'( 
wish i had my erykah badu baduizm with me . 😞 
why the heck am i awake right now ? ? #cantsleep #tooearly #annoyedtweet 😕 😔 😴😫 
no one sack ! ! ! ! :( :( :( #soa 
at the hospital wishing you were here ): but it's my fault your not 
i left triton locked up all night last night because of what he did to that chair . :( ( 
i hope she's happy , cause you're the chapter that ill be closing . and once that door close it won't be open 💔 💋 
USERNAME hope your okay , nick wouldn't let me out of the room after corey came in and told me not to come out 😔 text me when you can 💜 
so i woke about 20 min & i cannot go back to sleep . 😞 
of course i'm awake at 6am & sick as fuck to my stomach .. it's november 10 😔 #everyyear #neverfails #rippapa 
USERNAME aww meena i wanna come save you i feel so bad i'm sorry 😦 😨 😰 😰 😰 you need a warm bath , toast , hot cocoa , and a foot massage 
so jealous that my boyfriend gets to stay all cozy in warm in my bed and i get to go work 😢 #cnaproblems 
if there is thunder and lightning i'm going to cry :( 
when you're talking to someone during message and you see this but yet the haven't responded yup disappointed 👊 😦 URL 
r . i . p . penelope rose hassler . </3 the world only knew that beautiful smile for three short months . :'( 
i just wanna stay in bed all day , :( 
USERNAME aw :( no fun . show power . punch a bitch . 
standing in a damn gas line ... gas station opens at 8. two hours to go ... #fml 
USERNAME enjoy ur every minute with ur mom i didn't see my . mom for 2 years now :( take care of her 
you wish something . will happen but then you remember , you're the one who ended it . 💔 😓 
4:45 came way too early this morning ! 😭 😁 
they should have the wild thornberrys on netflix . i miss that show :( #90skid #memories 
USERNAME realchiie baby . nawala na yung dati ko :( 
you wish something will happen then you remember , you're the one who ended it . 💔 😥 
i just want him here next to me :( #freemybae 
USERNAME awhh ! my boyfriend . i am waiting for him . i miss him :( </3 
miss waking up 2 him when he go off 2 work :( 
my lil baby re opened his tail wound up ): URL 
my mom just fell & gashed her head open in the bathroom . i really hope she'll be okay 😢 🙏 ❤ 
USERNAME :( i'm sorry .. i havent been talking to a lot of people lately .. (phone wise) 
USERNAME i wish i could . now i have this animal that doesn't fit under the seat which makes quick travel difficult :( 
USERNAME omfg . selena i don't care what happen with jelena . i know how you feel now but i'll be always here for you ! ! ♥ </3 
i just caught the worse cholly horse in my fucking life😫 😭 
once again can't sleep welcome to my fuckin life #nosleep #fml 
i'm about to cut my head off ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 👹👿 😡 😣 ✂ 
i wish i had USERNAME to talk to . 😞 
didn't get drawed out , back to bed i guess ... 😞 😴 
let me try to go to sleep got my coworker USERNAME on my mind hoping here and malaysia is ok :( r . i . p . brionn 
USERNAME i guess ! ! ! ! haha i promise you i miss you and USERNAME ! ! ! ! he totally forgot about my existence 😭 😭 😭 
wide awake it going back to sleep . 😫 😥 
i hate it when i'm sleeping so good & then i have to get up & pee 😠 😒 😞 😖 
hot water runs out and i'm covered in soap . the desk clerk's solution: wait till morning . #fml #badcustom ... (at USERNAME — URL 
these girls need to hurry up before i fall asleep again 😔 
i love you for a thousand more years :( ♥ 
uuggh ! im so early :( i wanna im back to sleep -___- 
USERNAME i'm up way too early . it's simply not fair . 😭 
when people throw their cigarettes out the window on the expressway , the little sparks remind me of when my muffler fell off ... 😭 
being dead tired and going home just to be wide awake again . #fml scary movies ftw . 
really don't want to be going to work right now #fml #ihatemornings 
undercover boss be making a nigga 😭 on the low tho 
i don't wanna go outside . i just wan a stay in my warm bed . :( 
babe left for work :( gunna try and go back to sleep #wahh 
what do you do when someone is your everything and they leave you ? 💔 
omg ! im freezing at my job right now . this is straight bull :/ the stupid heater needs to kick in already 😣 ❄⛄ #awesomejessproblems 
i'm not ? after everything i went tbrough to get you ? :( iight 
in my dream ... i asked the zombie if she was a zombie . she said yes . i looked at her then screamed and ran away ... #whyamiretarded #fml 
haven't been able to sleep , gonna beat USERNAME 's ass . cos she been ignoring me :c 
fell asleep mad ,, woke up mad .. i couldnt even get no fuckin soup last night :( sad sad story 
can't sleep , hungry and have to pee #worsttiming #fml 
USERNAME i'm mad how you dont hmu no moree guess you too good to hmu huh ? 😔 but good morning tho . 
USERNAME why is everyone so mean to you :( it hurts my heart </3 
trying to go back to sleep , but you can't ... #needsleeprn #fml #whyamiawake 
i don't want to go to work today . i want to sleep and cuddle my boy :c #baww 
haven't heard his voice in 2 days ... that's really starting to get to me . :( 
USERNAME yes :( and i went to bed at 130 so i really should be sleeping ! ! ! ! wagghh 
how come the leaves don't change colors in florida :( faggot ass florida 
my heart just dropped ! i really hope work goes by fast today . 😔 
well i'll have absolutely no one to text this weekend . ): 
i wish i could still be able to walk out to the shop and see my papa . :( 
too early to function yet alone converse on the phone :'( 
good morning . dunkin donuts and lion king 2: simba’s pride . all i need now is you… 😔 
it's not even comical how busy we will be today at kroger 😔 😐 
USERNAME told you i'd be up early ! i just wanna sleep 😞 💤 
USERNAME dang we went from friends again to not friends again quick 💔 😭 
justin ha llegado a los 30 millones de seguidores desde el móvil , pero no sé porque desde el ordenador no :c 
ugh damn .. up this early going to columbus 😣 😫😴 
love dealing with cops first thing in the morning ! i haven't even had my coffee yet ): 
USERNAME you need to ! :( we really need to link up or something when you can ! 
countless red bull and vodkas = drunk af but wide awake 😣 
getting up in the middle of night to go pee in this weather is horrible 😢 
why no heat ? ! so cold :( (@ mta subway - 7 train) URL 
i ate 2 donuts -.- i'm gonna get fat 😞 
when i trip and crack my phone even more #fml 
every worthwhile girl i've ever met , i chased off like the plague . then i complain about being alone .. way to go patrick . 😞 
really wish it wasn't a saturday .. i do not feel good and im so not up for work today . :( 
probably should just quit drinking since it just gets me in trouble with him and we fight :( 
i look at your pics and all i do is cry . nightly . i love you so much :( 
this waking up at 6am on weekends thing is fucking hell 😔 
i want it to be christmas . i just wanna wake up every mining w a warm fire going and snow falling and my pretty white tree up in my room 😔 ⛄ 
still sitting in my car ... without my keys > :( 
i hate it when i can't sleep ... 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME ): so sorry .. you can do better . 
USERNAME you right cuz that other lance is so mean ! 😭 
my roomie is rather upset . i had to be the one to break it to her that the beibs and selena broke up 😟 #sadday #sadpanda 🐼 #jelena #nomore 💔 
still coughing up blood .. wtf . about to drive myself to the er :( 
i just wanna stay in bed all day and sleep :( 
aand i have to work today #wtf #omg #fml 😳 
but i have to go work 😥 , i have no life . 
my roomie USERNAME is rather upset . i had to be the one to break it to her that the beibs and selena broke up 😟 #sadday #jelena #nomore 💔 
everyone in my house is asleep , i'm the only one awake #jelly 😞 😣 
i don't wanna get up and get ready for work 😔 🔫👎 
sometimes i feel like i always mess up and never do good . :( 
why aren't there more hours in the day ? ? ? ? my 2 days off always go by so fast :( oh well gotta get groceries for dinner tomorrow nt 
fucked up my back ... :( today's not going to be fun 
the city that never sleeps . neither have i . a 25 second sample of my whole night :( #nyc ... (at 42nd & 9th ave) [vid] — URL 
what is sleep ? i seem to have forgotten 😢 #insomnia 
cant go back too sleep thanx too my brotha . ! needed my 2hrs before work . ! ): 
i was gunna call my boo but she's mad at me so ima go to sleep 😔 
ohh nothing better then waking up to see that your gmail account was hacked 😡 😡 #fml 
it's still dark ... and i'm about to leave my house . :'( 
aww USERNAME and USERNAME broke up :( they were like a modern day USERNAME and USERNAME . 
USERNAME i know i'm sorry :( i missed you to :( i had to stay home & help my dad .. #losiento 
i wish i can just snap my fingers and bamm edc next weekend but unfortunately not :( 
i don't wanna be awake right now . oh well . :( 
amen . rt USERNAME thinking of the past really makes you miss the people that used to be in your life :'( #somuchforbestfriends 
coming home . 😭 @ san francisco international airport (sfo) URL 
i guess it's time to do this all over again :-( 
why is it 7:20 in the morning and i still haven't been to sleep yet ? there's something wrong with this picture ! #fml 
USERNAME that king msawtti 111 is living in a vast wealth , with cars , planes etc his people squalor in poverty . :( 
i hate waking up this early just cause nick has to go to work & i stayed at his house :( yup just gunna stay here and sleep 
USERNAME tell me about it , too bad im lazy enough to even do that 😔 
oops i didn't even mean to do that ....... 😳 😧 sorry #oomf 
poor hutchy 😔 .... you're famous in my book ! 😚 and the cutest darn peter pan ever ! 
USERNAME you'll change your position on seeing sunrises when you have a job and it becomes a daily occurrence 👎 😔 
i never got that phone call from last night ! ): 
USERNAME i hope not i haven't you since ....... forever 😔 
my alarm goes off at 6 am and i'm like nope , it's saturday . i just want to sleep . :( 
not a good one ... the pain is back but gotta fight through it :( 
really glad i feel like complete shit , and we have to compete today . #fml #notgood 
you have broken my heart USERNAME you have broken my heart ! 💔 
::anguished lament of a tortured soul:: i'm sleepy . wangobed . : :c hewbacca noise:: 
i really can believe there is no class ... i'm off work ... but my mommie woke me up anyways :-( 
back to school :( at least i'm not contagious ! 
dirty d forgot straws so i can't drink my hi-c ): 
waking up at 5:40 ... on the weekend . #fml #wtf 
im going to die at work with my hand lookn like this :( #fml 
USERNAME no not fun right now . i want to be in my nice warm bed :( 
USERNAME bro its 730 a . m . i feel asleep last night at 6 and didn't wake up fill now :( call me when you get up 
why does it have to be so cold in my house ): 
in spirit i will be taking a 5 hour exam , in reality i will be playing in the yl turkey bowl . oh wait , it's the other way around . ah poo :( 
USERNAME we do ! ! i miss you so much 💔 
jesus christ i just had the worst nightmare ever 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME now i want to put in a special order :-( 
when you're sick and it gets worse before it gets better <<<< 😣 🔫 
my nose is so so so cold right now ! ! ! :( 
jak nazwać swoją kotke ? bo nie mam pojęcia :c 
you know they're the one , when they mean the world to . you and you . can't stop . thinking abou t.t hem 
i'm so squished in between these fat asses 😣 USERNAME USERNAME 
blahh i'm sick of waking up early all the time :( #work 
USERNAME estou chorando pq vi o puck machucado no lixo ): q triste agr ele ta cantando com aquela mulher q eu tenho medo 
not prepared for basketball season yet . mostly because it means football is almost over . :( 
USERNAME awe :( soon enough youll be up at all hours ! and you will be wishing you were still prego lol . i know i do sometimes , but it's 
... also because i can't text half of them until 10am 😞 
when you fall asleep on someone you were texting ... damnit 😞 
work meeting this early after last night fml lol ughh :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i missed last nights episode of ga due to being sick . :( is it avail . to watch online ? ! 
USERNAME USERNAME either of you have iphone 5 battery problems ? i know others have . mine is jacked up . :( 
justamente quando você quer sair tem esses ataques em são paulo . foda ): 
goodmorning everyone . #work :( #tooearly #tired have a good day everyone ! @ wendy's URL 
no sleepin in :( nicks got something to do at school this morning lol 
USERNAME haha aww :( and you went to bed really late ! i bet you're tired . 
:( i wanna go back 2 sleep but i cant ... hurting 2 bad #cramps 
USERNAME i'm injured right now :( but i'll still be there ! ! 
meow . meow . meow ! what the cat doesn't know is that i don't need to be awake at 6am on saturday . and eye awake i am . that darn cat ! #fml 
i wish the game wasn't so early . 😩😫 😭 but on the bright side , my mommys coming . 😊 
USERNAME i wish i had some coffee :( ... maybe they will have it at the competition 
USERNAME babe what's wrong :( ugh if you need someone i'm always here . promise 
USERNAME same . i can never sleep off a hang over 😔 🔫 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME daisy how are you .. i've missed you :( 
i am not looking forward to today at all :( #hatework 
time to get ready for my long day of working 8am-11pm :( 
hacking my brains out is neither cute or fun :( 
what a way to start off a saturday 😑 😞 #tired 
well the canary is dead . note 2self: if u know some1 who has 1 of these fragile creatures; never eat baked beans & broccoli in same day :( 
USERNAME raki da yalniz icilecek meret degil ki dostum . sofrada muhabbet olmayinca acir o agzinda :( ((( aglatir ... 
niya woke up with a nose bleed 😔 😳 .. i hate blood .. makes me feel some type of way .. lol (at mi casa) — URL 
USERNAME omg you're crazy ! ! ! i went to bed at like 1 ! i'm sleepy too though :( 
think i have pink eye greatt ... i wish i could just sleep all day but instead i get to go to a 8 hour class and then work right after :'( 
okay i just got the biggest chills and now i am crying ! wow #abgt gotta believe that loovvee comes again 💔 ❤ 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i'm sorry ! :( i was there for like an hour haha 
i love you and i miss you so muchh USERNAME ❤ :( URL 
y am i up so early on my day off ? 😞 
having the time of my life waiting for this signal to turn green . been at work since midnight . :( #sotired URL 
in so much painn 😔 😩 without my parents , thank god for danny ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i tried 😥 unfortunately my begging doesn't work with $500 phones 😉 
too much tossing and turning last night and not enough sleeping ! 😭 😴 #sotired why am i awake now ? ! 😳 
im up to early for work :( i hate opening 
ugh i don't wana be up right now on a saturday morning at all :( 
my mom taught me if i couldn't say anything nice to be quie t.t he reason i never speak to u 
if i don't pass out today . i'm declaring myself a super human . 😞 
USERNAME :( so upset selena's my girl heart broken they were my favorite couple # 😭 😭 
on my way to fl and i miss emily already . 😭 
wish i could have made it out to USERNAME party last night ! 😢 happy birthday girl ! 💗💗💗 
USERNAME and then i won't wake up for the next shift :( 
i can already tell that today is going to be one of the worst days 😢 
USERNAME pde hair lang ? puti mn ako :( ahahahaahhaha 
why do i keep having such bad dreams ..... 😔 
not feeling the whole 11 hrs of work today .. #fml 
don't wanna get up to go to class :( ! 
way to early to be at a saturday 😔 😁 
why am i awake so early 😳 😭 o .- 
USERNAME i really couldn't hold it in anymore ! i really wanted to see you already 😢 😩 😊 
USERNAME ooh no ! omg tongue hurts i can't eat my cookie :( 
all these cheer competition tweets are making me suicidal . </3 
my body's natural alarm clock is always around 740 .. :( 
i've been spending the last 8 months thinking all love ever does is break and burn and end ): 
waking up early from bad dreams and too scared to go back to sleep 😣 😡 😡 😡 
i have the mouth of a sailor . it is so hard to stop cussing 😞 
i want to be i'm california going to the ball today 😢 
USERNAME why didn't you call mee ? :( i was awake too 
three hours of sleep all night and i don't think mawmaw slept at all . 😣 😣 😣 #notgood 
USERNAME i forgot your papers ! ! ! :( #sorry promise i will bring then tuesday 
i had the weirdest dreams 😦 😮 😦 😮 😦 😮 😟 😮 😟 😮 
USERNAME my momma .... she wants me to get it cut .. :( 
USERNAME haha its gonna be wired when you guys are gone . :( 
i'm late , i'm late , ugh ! off to la for the day it's already an instagram #whpbluronpurpose day :( #happyblurday 
so mad i didn't get to finish princess diaries 2 .. or finish my conversation with my boyfriend .. cos i fell asleep . like always :( 
today they put my friend under and im not gone to be there ... :'( lil larry i love you baby <3 
damn .. that's how you feel boo ? 😔 💔 
my nose is soo itchyy i can't escape it 😞 
ughh ! ! i hate being sick ! ! ! 😭 
goodmorning brain , this is ur captain speaking , it appears we will be experiencing an extremely large hangover 2day with a chance of dieing :( 
woke up freezing :( long hot shower hopefully ill be able to sleep .... 
USERNAME izza , just saw the news 0_o kawawa naman 😞 i haven't seen the pic though 
my own dashboard for twitter is all me , common guys wake up i'm alone :( (( 
USERNAME omg i forgot about that :( (((((((( i have to work till 5 ! 😢 are you stayin the night with lysie though ? 
USERNAME this was sunday and now hospice .... 💔 URL 
USERNAME well but i will not meet him ! lol .. :'( nah , i would rather kiss my greyson posters . 
friends are like balloons . if you stab them they die :( 
i swear i must have a damn atm sign on my head ... all my cash and debit card has been stolen ! ! ! ! just my luck #fml 
who's awake ? i'm not sure why i am 😔 
i'm about to leave in a few ! ughh . bye , las vegas ! </3 (@ starbucks coffee gate d36 mccarran international airport) URL 
good morning everyone ! working till 145 then going to make sure my dog is okay . her front leg is hurt ! :c 
went on my myspace . [idk why] saw okay msgs , cmnts &stuff from ally :/ r . i . p . babydoll :( 
wake up to missed calls; and text mad i passed out early as fuck ... 😔 i missed out ! 
my boo & i's one month anniversary was november 8th .. i tried calling him that night & he wouldn't pick up . :c 
didn't even realize it but this is my last hoosier football game as a student #depressing #makinitworthit #gameday 
ugh just when i was falling asleep on the floor in the waiting room a fucken nurse told me to get off the floor ! bitch i'm tired ! 😥 😤😤 😡 
<------- up way to early on a day off :( 
not even tired i just want to be home . 😢 
awake at 7am ! this should be a crime ! ! 😣 
i wish more people lived near gahagan so we could chill #sadtweet 
i'm not questioning god but why me and why my senior year 💔 
trying to go back to sleep but i need my baby :( 
you just don't have the time of day for me anymore . :( #verysadtweet 
lil ty funeral later ! swea his personality and everything else going to be truly missed ! ): 
USERNAME i knew it & don't resent him for i t.t he line was but again it suppressed our own vote 
it looked like i waited up all night for a response that i knew i was never gonna get :( 
USERNAME why not ! ? ! ? i'm so mad i can't come :( i miss you ! 😭 y'all come visitme at work ! bing the dmax into get washed or somethin ! 
up before 7am for no reason on a saturday . that makes me sad . :-( . 
when my cats walk around the house crying for no reason at 8am<<<<<<< 😥 
lord i hope my baby be ok .. :'( these doctors ain't telling me nun ! ! 
sleepy as a newborn baby with a full tummy ! to bad i have to work this morning👎 😞 
i'm up earlier today than i get up on school days .. stupid college visits :( 
USERNAME USERNAME we will try but no promises . i miss you so much sam don't be a stranger :( 
wish i could go to the wheelock open house but i gotta go see lesley university today instead 😔 
i'm sitting in this chair cramping my ass off . this sucks . 😔 
USERNAME that sucks ! ): i was suppose to play USERNAME they changed it to this morning USERNAME u guys playing at fallston rec ? 
USERNAME see if you were home we could have breakfast together aha . i've been laying in bed since like 7 ): 
USERNAME let's go , but i can't drive i'm heavily medicated 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME you can't leave me all alone for spring break you little bitch ! > :( 
u kno it was a crazy night when u straight wake up n u hav no idea where ur at lmao .. like i have no idea even wat city i'm in #fml 
i know i need to put make up on , however i do not want to put make up on . 😔 #girlprobs 
last day of mfckn clinical makeup ! i'm so ready for this day to get over ! ! 😭 😭 
i wish USERNAME had time for me ! ! #alwaysbusy :( 
USERNAME i left my seat once to get 3 hot chocolates lol i was miserable i sowwy 😞 
USERNAME there were zombies&i was stuck in a mansion with a baby& then i escaped but i didn't know where to go&there were kids omg :( 
USERNAME yupp thats why every relationship i try to have it never works out . its just not meant to be :( #nunlife 
been having 4 hours of sleep lately #nobueno i needs my sleep 😔 
do i havee to get out of bed and go to work now ? 😭 
101n @ francis drake (mrn ): :novato 12 min petaluma 24 min sears pt 20 min 
101s @ san pedro (mrn ): :hwy 1 12 min gg bridge 16 min berkeley 18 min 
101s @ delong (mrn ): :hwy 580 12 min hwy 1 20 min sears pt 10 min 
24w @ lafayette (cc ): :o akland 12 min sf dwntwn 22 min oak arpt 22 min 
880n @ industrial (ala ): :o ak arpt 12 min oakland 18 min castro vy 9 min 
101s @ sierra pt (sm ): :sfo arpt 6 min rte 92 12 min rte 84 20 min 
280s @ foothill (scl ): :los gatos 14 min mtn view 8 min sj state 14 min 
17n @ los gatos rd (scl ): :sj arpt 10 min milpitas 16 min mtn view 14 min 
680s @ scott ck (scl ): :sj state 12 min cupertino 21 min s101 / 85 18 min 
24e @ broadway (ala ): :walnut cr 12 min san ramon 25 min concord 20 min 
101s @ chavez (sf ): :sfo arpt 12 min rte 92 18 min daly city 8 min 
80w @ weigh sta (sol ): :c arq brdg 14 min berkeley 28 min concord 20 min 
880s @ fremont bl (ala ): :milpitas 16 min sj arpt 22 min menlo prk 12 min 
92e @ hillsdale (sm ): :sfo arpt 12 min sf dwntwn 22 min menlo prk 12 min 
101n @ 23rd (sf ): :trsr isl 6 min oakland 14 min berkeley 14 min 
80w @ rdwd pky (sol ): :hwy 4 8 min berkeley 20 min concord 18 min 
80w @ 13 / ashby (ala ): :sf dwntwn 10 min sfo arpt 24 min oak arpt 12 min 
80e @ university (ala ): :c arq brdg 14 min fairfield 30 min novato 24 min 
101n @ candlestick (sf ): :sf dwntwn 6 min oakland 16 min berkeley 16 min 
92w @ foster cty bl (sm ): :half moon 18 min sfo arpt 9 min palo alto 15 min 
24w @ shattuck / 55th (ala ): :sf dwntwn 10 min sfo arpt 22 min oak arpt 10 min 
580w @ chetwood (ala ): :sf dwntwn 12 min carq brdg 20 min walnut cr 14 min 
580w @ castro valley (ala ): :hwy 13 12 min hwy 24 18 min sm bridge 12 min 
580w @ hacienda (ala ): :c astro vy 12 min sm bridge 20 min walnut ck 16 min 
i have no gas , food , money or weed . i sacrificed for a friend . i can handle not having any of tha t.t he thing i can't handle is no affection 
this sucks , i can never sleep comfortably here . 😖 😞 
i don't wanna swim . omg . #200im #100back #fml 
omg . it is really unnecessary for me to be as sick as i am right now . gross 👎🙅 😣 
i wish i could hunt tonight , but i have a game-_- #depressing 
the auditorium is filled with little sally walker 😣 🔫 
i don't wanna get up and go to work ): 
USERNAME yea :( first one here starting up the computers and shit lol 
work up this morning to bad news again ! 😔 
the eagle is flying for the last time . #whatsgoingthroughmymind #princessdiariesmoments #allstate ❤ 🎶 😭 😊 👏🎉 
note to self: stop playing #mariokart with USERNAME ... it's starting to hurt my ego 😭 lol #awesomejessproblems 
USERNAME USERNAME i got excited thinking it was gona be a pic of him flexing in a speedo 😔 
just got beat for an extra 20 minutes of sleep cuz i woke up before my alarm #thatshitsucks 😞 
fucking awesome juvinial delincwent class at the auburn police department 830 - 2 #fuckmylife 
USERNAME can't sleep anymore :( im seriously wide awake ! 
kaiden's spending time with his grandma and she told me to go back to sleep .. ughh i can't 😞 
pretty sure this could relate to a few people last night 😔 😒 USERNAME 
it's to early to be up on a saturday ! 😣 
listening to all i do is win makes me think of the band bus with USERNAME sophomore year and hand checks ..... #imissmarchingband :( ( 
USERNAME my birthday was octobeer 29 i turned 19 :( ilove u i need a poster of u n my room </3 
14 hour work day .... and i have a splitting migraine from pulling the all nighter #ugh 😩 😭 
dropping off ashley & angelus ... :( (@ phoenix sky harbor international airport (phx) w/ 10 others) URL 
you being taken , is clearly a lot for me to take in . 💔 
the family dinner was good last night; besides the slick remarks my aunt was making & my g-ma being serious bout everything thing . 😾 😽 
USERNAME USERNAME :( i never get to see my sisters anymore ! party at sherri's crib ! 
i'm tired of getting bad news about people dying i'm so tired 😥 😥 
when u get a call early ass in the am , wake up and can't go back to sleep #fml 
when i have a dream about getting a #frontegachicken and #cinnamonbun at #panerabread and come to wake up , and realize it was just a dream 😔 
today is going to be a long day ! 😢 😩 
USERNAME i know some minnesota gop voters agreed but it was mostly southern states . it just is sad that some ppl never left the 60's :( 
most adorable text to wake up to <3 3 what the fuck did i just lose .. fml ): 
USERNAME i know .. :( i woke up his morning and was like :( 
sick trying to car shop is no fun ! 😥 
i told a bunch of our friends to go to the fair & now im not even going ): 
kinda wish i'd gotten up to go with everyone to the environment conference :( 
#quicktrip is over . on a plane at san francisco going to denver then to nashville . then a 2 hour drive home . yay for me ! 😣 
maybe coach will put me in for our potential last game of the season and my last game of my life ... shit no one says 😭 😭 😭 😔 
USERNAME me too . i can't go back to sleep . 😴 😧 
USERNAME boo :( well ill be seeing you next weekend ! can't wait ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
running on about 2 hours of sleep ... and i have to be at an 8 a . m . xc meet . #fml 
its freezinq in my room & i have no one to cuddle with ! :( damn .... *qrabs extra pillow* 
being the only one in your own tl <<< 😔 
why must i have to go to the doctor today 😔 
come on giz really its only 721 you could have least slept until 8 :( 
that's right ! yay ! ! however , #nosleep 💔 + #puffyeyes 😢 = #problem 😳 
USERNAME i wasnt getting mad at that :'( i wasnt even mad 
USERNAME laying here , starving :( feed the starving children of west lafayette , will ya ? 
USERNAME i wanna go watch breaking dawn with you :( lol 
been up since 5:20am yesterday and just now getting to bed #fml #nightowl 
still have no idea what i'm gonna wear for the wedding & it's soon :( 
i've had a constant , excruciating headache for the past 4 days now . anti-inflammatories and muscle relaxers aren't working . #fml #dying 
hate when he ask about c . b . and i can't take him right to her . 😞 😞 😞 
i just wanna touch cars privates parts but of course belmar doesn't have power and the shop is closed . 😞 #damnit 
breakfast sounds so good right now ... craving susies diner ): ahh 
reminder: the odd life of timothy green (g ): today @ 2:00pm URL 
i wish i got paid to sleep ... #workprobz 😔 
the feeling knw that yu want put other high skool football jersey on again :( <<<<<<<<<<<<<< 
emergency visit for pepper :( (@ washington animal hospital) URL 
i'm tired , my body won't let me sleep longer 😔 
this weekend is going to go by so slow 😔 
the worst sleep i have gotten in a long time . :( 
no matter what you do burt will bitch . #fml 
i should've woke up early :( i could've pretended i had the house to myself .... now my anxiety is through the roof . 
another hour in the stand , then back to alabama # :-( 
USERNAME nao sei ds67huisdf acho q mais ou menos daq 1 mês ): ai por enquanto , eu só consigo ver online .. 
day 4 in the hospital and they still wont let me eat or drink :-( 
nothing like coming home to all the memories in my past 😞 
USERNAME okay so my phones acking stupid >.< i wont let me call you :( dm me plleeaassee ! 
USERNAME god i wish i was with you guys last nightt , pissedd :-( 
i hate waking up in the morning alone .. 😔 
you askin if i'm from trinidad because i'm light skin 😐 😦 gtfoh ! 
USERNAME we tried 20 times to get you up for work ! 😔 
there are some things that are not meant to happen :( 
woke up and my phone didn't get no love this morning 😔 
i need a good home remedy on getting rid of a cold . times like this i wish i had a direct line 2 heaven , so i can talk 2 my aunt n grandma ! 😞 
#fml its so hot @ my job today . fucking hood broken #smh #epicfail 
i can't swallow liquids ! ! :( ( i'm so sad ! 😕 👎💊😴 
i only want like 5 things for christmas but they're all expensive 😣 
i hate waking up so early on a saturday 😣 
feeling so frustrated . maybe i'll feel better in a bit . :( 
why am i up so early if i am on vacation ? #fml 
"USERNAME members only . #mmg URL members only ? :( 
just had the worst dream about my parents , i woke up crying . :'( #ilovethem 
day 1 back to school ... bad night plus bad attitude means 0 sleep :-( @ big apple fitness URL 
no practice for me 😔 😒 , this wont a everyweek thing tho , believee dat ! 
i just wish i knew how to curl my own hair 😔 
i remember when we were home alone & instead of sex , we just laid in bed , facing each other , and whispered until we fell asleep .. #memories 💔 
up way too early on a saturday morning . have to go to work 😣 
i'm sick of checking my phone and not seeing your name 😔 
i was scared of the dark last night and my bff just laughed at me :( she didn't even turn the lights on :( USERNAME 
okay i guess i'll get up now 😞 damn sneaker release 
i been waiting on a text back since last night 😔 😔 . 
omg the lost ! ! ! i am literally crying ! ! 😭 #abgt 
but just realized this is the time ill be waking up next sem for t and th classes 😲 #fml #whathaveidone ? 
i can see my own breath in my room ! i need a heater ! ! ! 😾 💨 
dam…i def just got rashed , i’m starting to rethink what i said 2 weeks ago :/ ……nah just kidding lmao , don’t yell at me tho ! ! > :( 
wish i could be at the last football game of the season 😔 
stuck in this hotel till 3 all by myself . :( 
USERNAME i know i didn't feel so good and the two hour ride each way alone may not have been safe for me i was bummed out . :( 
i wish our money had elephants on it . :( URL 
USERNAME o really cause i was the last to text :( 
i know :( rt USERNAME USERNAME awl boo :( it ain't gone the same without y'all being here over grandma house lol 
no farewell words were spoken no time to say goodbye you were gone before we knew it & only god knows why ... 😢 😩 😭 
first time going back to hell (abercrombie) in like two weeks today .. and i have to close #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME i have two baseball games , a softball game and badminton match that night :( 
seriously so done with fast food & junk food it makes me feel icky 😔 😤 
tailgate party at wsu with USERNAME ! lmao . (mandatory for my stupid class) 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
and my timeline is absolutely dead right now ... #awkward .. :( 
:( fine imma go to sleep , but when you not looking imma be up again 
going to ren fest today ! but i have no idea why i woke up so early :( 
up early not to go merk on deer but to go to saturday school ! #shootme 😭 😫 😡 😤👎 💔 🔫 
off to play two club scrimmages ... i miss the girls but i really just wanted some sleep :( 
how i haven't seen USERNAME in what feels like forever :( i dont like this 
“USERNAME your a 1dwinner ! visit the link on our profile . 2665 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME only if this was real ... 😭 
USERNAME i miss you too 😢 💔 we had some good times last year . 
everytime i wash my hair the water is black from hair dye :( ( 
gotta be kidding me .. just woke up after a restless night & i'm still sick ! fml :( :( :( 
i'm wide awake and i have no one to text :( 
USERNAME that only means you had a mother fucking great time 😉 without me 😔 
i go the extra mile to make you smile and just to make your day i'll go out my way i'll do whatever it takes :[ ♥ 
the thing that sucks about working at a pet store is experiencing the animals die :( (( 
oh so u think we weren't meant for each other oh i see how u fill and care for me 😔 
i don't wanna miss work ... but i'm gonna have to go to the hospital :( ( 
one of the ear things in my headphones stopped working :( 
hey , california residents . send letters to your state government and tell them to raise the truck speed limit . ): 
i hate it when i wake up and i cant remember my dream :( 
USERNAME anyways drunk bitches like to jump into my conversation . ha but seriously i miss apartment and it will never be the same ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i'll be at my dad's . :( i haven't seen him in so long . /: 
i have a love/hate relationship with the dog right now . got very little sleep because he was scratching all night :( ughh . so tired . 
USERNAME sorry , i went to bed early ! wasn't feeling well :( 
USERNAME i agree ! i was going to go if it weren't for the new job and not having pto :( 
im so sad that justin & selena broke up :c 
USERNAME , i miss u too sis :( ((( n yall know yall could of took me w/ yall . ! ! 
last full day state side 😭 😭 😭 #dontwanttoleave #loveithere #newhomeplease 
i have such a headache and i didn't even drink last night 😣 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME where has leah been ? haven't seen a new clip in ages . hope all is well with leah . miss her :( 
i've gotten twelve hours of sleep and poor USERNAME has only had about five . :( #loveyou 
this road trip has been the longest ever ! :( 
USERNAME ugh :( now i have no plans :( #lonelyfriendlessbitch 
this just happened . #fml @ fort lauderdale fla URL 
i wish USERNAME USERNAME were at the end of my rainbow 😔 #notsotightlife 
i'm sad to say i am broke and won't see USERNAME tonight . :( 
woke up a hot mess .. no , not from shots of crystal palace , but decongestant medicine #sickgirlprobs 😞 
omgg need to feel loved ! ! ! why kill me more ! ! ! ! 😢 ❤ 💔 #abgt #tatw450 
USERNAME woo ! ... i lost my vip card , so we're waiting in line with the rest of the commoners :( haha we'll be in soon tho ! 
USERNAME you guys are awake already ? ? ! ! ? ? oh my gosh . go downstairs and eat ! sorry . 😔 
up too early :( wit nobody to talk to ... 
i miss diam , jas , and oscar <<<< 😞 
i still haven't gotten my toms that my aunt ordered in april ... :( 
USERNAME i doo smh i'm fucked up in this shit 😢 
my god what a long night i feel like i have a baby or something #highmaintenancepuppy #seperationissues 😞 
USERNAME i'm going to lose my mind ! such trash and i'm stuck here four hours ! ! ! :( 
i feel like i'm flying in class right now . this percocet is , #nobueno 😔 💔 👎 
back to work :( but savannah for 33 hours hell yeah 
i hope USERNAME and USERNAME are coming soon ! :( 
i hate that i'm missing pilgrimage this weekend . i miss those good times together :( USERNAME USERNAME 
my girl got white girl wasted without me 😔 USERNAME 
i am up early with shit on my mind . :( 
the suckiest part is that i don't get to hug him for another 2 weeks :'( i wanna do all kindsa thangs to him after this set 
plane ticket came in the mail today ! ! mexico can't come soon enough . god do i miss omar ): 
USERNAME :( tienen q filmarle , para poder verle a mi mathy .... 
USERNAME my dads in town & i couldn't do anything last night 😔 
that awk moment when USERNAME is subscribed to you on youtube , yet you've never gotten a rt on here :c 
guess i got up early for no reason at all ... 😞 
fuck my stomach still hurts and i have work :'( ( 
fck it ill be single ! smhh shxtt happen mad fast 😪 💔 💔 💔 
early in the morning and i'm as sap as ever ! 😁 😔 
USERNAME i was supposed to work at 1245 but im sick :( so im coming in at 515 instead 
USERNAME i kinda hoped for bedrest to get a few days off of work ! lol 7 days until i'm due and still working :( 
what ? why am i up . i got like 6 hours of sleep and i'm wide awake . #fml 
i might need to get food first . #hungry 😞 
it's times like this i miss you the most #sadtweet #wishyouwerestillhere 
"USERNAME my pretty ass big sister <3 33333 i miss you already :( USERNAME URL 
how come on the days i get to sleep in i never do :( 
haven't even stepped outside and my eyes already watering like tammy faye askin for donations 😭 #hellosunshine #byebyemascara #greeneyeprobz 
so i got short hair but i got good come on im dominican its something good we r born wit . short hair is better but i miss ma long hair :( 
aww no #botwe _homecoming for me 😭 😭 😭 😭 😱 
depressing moment when my house is do cold that it froze my nutella 😣 😳 😭 
she only gone for a week . maybe i can deal until then ..... 😥 
USERNAME meowning my lovelies ! ! i've missed you :( 
USERNAME bueeno , lastfm es lo de menos ¬¬ to be honest , i´ve got no idea :( 
USERNAME 😞 idk , maybe i'm looking at the wrong thing ! 
i'm up early this morning .. i had a dream about bae & now i miss him 😑 😔 😞 
i remember my first beer #dang 😔 deeliciousx0 #canthangt @ elements URL 
never been to a cheer comp . before ... makes me miss dance comps . 😢 
i fucking hate being sick . dying :( please halp ! 
i'm sad , tired , and can't fall back asleep 😔 
can't go back to sleep :( might as well start getting ready 
when justin bieber and selena gomez break up .. :( 
USERNAME milfmy baby is too awake to cuddle now ): URL 
not in the mood to go to work :( don't even know where my clothes are #awk 
computer class early in the morning . why ? :( to top it all off , the professor is late as usual . URL 
USERNAME i seen ur post on tumblr , work sucks ): 
kaya ayokong magpapalit ng cellphone nawawala yung mga naka-save na number . :( 
i have the worst sore throat ever 😷 😥 someone take care of me .. #pwease 
this is just going to be one of those days :( #sosad 
it sucks when no jeans fit you because your ass is too small and your thighs are too muscular . 😭 #athleteprobs 
i'm so out of shape , i lost all my muscle ): 
is it true USERNAME ? did you and USERNAME break up ? ! :'( 
"USERNAME my husband's take on starbucks vs main street bakery . URL true statement , but i'm so upset about it ! :( 
sat . cont .:specials :c urried chicken salad w/ cashews & apples over greens . israeli cous cous w/pesto , tomato , parmesan & olives over greens . 
dude seriously i really need someone to buy my snake bowl or my regular bowl . i didn't save up for this fucking concert to be $10 short :( ( 
i havee to take a napp . so tired . 😢 
i'm gonna be so sad when dunkin gets rid of pumpkin coffee for the season . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME pssh i could have tagged along ... no ? okay :( 
my stomach hurts so fuckin bad .. ugh i do not want to have to cancel my date today :( 
#30millionbeliebers #30millionbeliebers #30millionbeliebers 😢 so proud ;)))) love you USERNAME 
when i call you and you cry because you miss me so much :( #loveyou #missyou 
i don't ever remember my dreams but when their good it suxx to find out its just that :( i dislike dreams for that reason-a short lived life 
omg why do i make bad decisionss ! ! ! helloo 8 hour work day .. i'll enjoy it with the 3 hours of sleep i got last night #fml 
i swear best dream in history ❤ andrew garfield & i , best couple ever 🙊 lmao it will never happen 😔 #keepdreaming 
fuck .. this sucks . i miss my baby :( 
USERNAME i miss my big sister :( ! , but we love u ! 
i wish i didn't have to work today . 😥 😥 😥 😥 
listening to USERNAME on my phone isn't the same as here him live #depressed 😩😫 
today is about to be one of those days where i lay in bed all day . that's how terrible i feel . 😔 😖 🔫 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME buti pa nga kayo nagkikita ! ako ang layo :( (( 
USERNAME the fling with strange vine at café du nord , swedish-american hall (december 2, 2012 ): san francisco , ca , us URL 
sometimes i like getting up early for work , today is not one of those times . :( 
feels like im swallowing a burning rock 😞 😣 #sorethroat #helpme 
USERNAME she seems to that lile evrytime im out ! ! :( 
fuck ! i'm not home alone . now i can't walk around in my boxers 😔 
listening to USERNAME on my phone isn't the same as hearing him live #depressed 😥 😫 😖 
#fml i m tired of everything . someone kill me plz ? 
i can't wait til me and my bestfriend hangout cause i do miss her . 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME cgecgee :( t 
my stomach like hurts . baad . 😖 😖 😭 😭 
no #abgt for me :( ! ! i'm the new spiderman and with great power comes great responsibility ! lol 
it's harder than i thought i miss you already 😢 💔 💔 
bobs for 30 more minutes ... then back at 2 #fml 
USERNAME i miss you ! haven't seen you in forever ! 😔 
i had to delete pictures today :( it made me sad but it had to be done 
USERNAME teach me how to make it pretty when i get down theree . :( these shits are so ugly . lol URL 
woke up to this jelena problem and if anything i'm most worried about justin :( :/ i hope my justin okay with this stuff going all at once . 
USERNAME hey yea .. thanks for calling me back :'( lol 
i don't wanna go . i don't wanna go . i don't wanna go . i don't wanna go . i don't wanna go . i don't wanna go . i don't wanna go . 😞 😞 😞 
can my boyfriend come back downstairs to cuddle 😔 #misshim 
had a good night even if i did melt my boots more ): lmao 
last class til march :( (@ boston ballet school) URL 
how am i awake . it's baffling . i was so tired . soo tired and i went to bed so late . tell me whyy . :( 
and i wish we never dated and i wish never love you 💔 
has been awake for 24 hours straight & has spent 10 of those 24 hours at work :( time for bed ! #exhausted 
USERNAME 😢 😢 😢 i miss u too ! ! ! i'm bored 
ugh i'm still fucked up 😣 #ineedsleep #ineedfood dyying without water wahh ! 
USERNAME i miss youu too ! :( i miss all the your mom , no your face , your sister . i dont have a sister . yes you do cat ! hahaha #waahh 
USERNAME sorry baby but jelena is over ! there done baby girl :/ :( 
i wish i could forget you , i wish we never met , i wish i didn't feel the way i do , i wish i didn't have to get hurt . 💔 
USERNAME it's the best part ctfu i miss you :( 
gunna be stuck at the airport all day 😔 😔 😔 😔 fuck 
dead ! ! whyy language ! ! ! 😢 one of the best choons ! ! ! 
access bb(11/7/12 ): rhoden & ronnie join forces , da in the icu , men's national's preview ! - URL 
USERNAME and i were best friends in my dream last night . so sad i just came back to reality . 😞 
yet again nobody want to hang out with me 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME hahaha yaay :"> miss ko na din kayong lahat :( haha 
USERNAME alright . i have to go to work :-( ha . good luck .. let us know/me know how it goes . 
USERNAME it was emotional .. but i miss west like crazy . ): 
USERNAME lol hmm he must not be a happy texter .. dats sad ): 
USERNAME USERNAME instagrams just hatin me 😩 😢 it's too early for this 
ooyf needs to wake up , and call me like he always does :( 
oh 😮 my 😦 gawsh 😧 .. coneheads is on ! 😳 
gahh i hate waking up with head aches ! ! ! #theretheworstkind 😞 😫 😓 😨 
bummed . i've been to a dozen USERNAME shows over the past 4 years but can't find a ticket to see them in dc tomorrow . :( 
what i would do for a bacon and egg and arizona from the summer stores 😢 
USERNAME whaat . what got taken .... ? an by someone that was at my spot ? ! im sorry . that's bull shit 😒 😔 
gatta get ready for work & i'm sick as hell ): 
had a dream there was a kennedy in office . :( 
of coarse on mine and hunters anniversary hunter will be gone at bear camp 😢 
have a hangover and the door alarm at work won't stop beeping #cnaproblems 😣 🔫 
USERNAME :'( noo yu cant leave uss . its not gne bee the samee .. im finna cryy 
had a dream that i was saying goodbye to all my friends for college and woke up hysterical crying . 😔 😣 😰 #neverwanttosaygoodbye #lovethem 
the txt i woke up too got me like 😔 
i wish and hope for this class to be canceld every damn week , and it never happens fml i hate it ! :'( 
i am the grumpiest person ever in the morning . i would like to punch everyone that tries talking to me #getthehellaway 😾 👵👋 
my fever is back .... why ? ? ? 😭 😭 😭 😞 😔 😭 😭 
waah my cars gonna be gone til fridayy :( (((((((( 
omg my lil bro USERNAME is turning 18 in one week . i'm definitely going to cry . 😐 😕 😟 😣 😢 😥 😩😫 
#sometimesiwonder if you still have feelings for me .. 😔 
someone come rub my back until i fall asleep :( #please 
this parade has made me mad . i miss the 100. :-( 
the text i woke up to this morning really has me twisted . cuz of the person and the text 😔 
only got a few hours of sleep . been up since like 3 :( 
haven't talk to my boo thang since thursday .... :( 
that's it ... podzilla has come and gone . 😢 @ knightlife round table URL 
trying really hard to not wake nick up but i really want to play outside . 😭 😭 😭 🍁🌸🍃🍂 
i wish i was in tennessee today visiting my family instead of going to this football game . 😔 
just woke up 😣 😣 😁😁😁 😳 😳 😳 . 
johnny the giant why didnt you come in close enough for me to shoot you 😢 
you know the season is over when you get to take home your cheerleader sign ): good job wildcats ! #greatseason URL 
i hate saturday mornings at university . i miss the big family breakfast and cuddle from and dad 😥 💔 
it makes me sad when books dont end how i want them to ... 😔 
"USERNAME justin bieber and selena gomez call it quits URL USERNAME noo i jinxed it :'( 
USERNAME it can kill you , i hate when people do it :( 
anyone snapchat me ! i'm so bored ! ): USERNAME 
USERNAME i just dont want fall to be left out :( 
USERNAME i forgot all my stuff last night 👎 😔 
since my musketeers did it big w/o me last night :( i guess i gotta do it tonight USERNAME 
i feel bad for not going with my mom . 😔 
its official . someone stole my nike shox . :( 
soo my 73012 actions different its time to just move on 👌👌👌👌👌 😳 😔 
a yearling , 5 does , & a big buck i couldn't get a shot on :( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 they should be asking for me ! ! ! 😭 😭 #thirsty 
today is going to be a longg day at work 😥 😴💤 
well forget y'all l take my good morning back 😔 👌 
USERNAME whatt ? ! ! he need to get me a carr :( 
USERNAME unfortunately yes :( serious damage to my heaad . i cant even stay they while time 
and for some reason your always on my mind </3 
USERNAME no see i'd be happy about a kennedy . :( 
no USERNAME for me tonight ! ! ! i need friends to go to concerts with ! ! 😢 #sadday no #mhgt for me it's wished i had a good time ! 
why do people don't want to followback ? :c c i already ask nicely :c 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME winter is here yesterday 36degees= 1.1 degrees celsius :( no arg . w they say maybe some rain also 
i just can't get my mind off that dream 😔 
how am i gonna sing nd play guitar in front if 300 people if its freezing :( ( 
USERNAME gosh i wish i was you right now lol i work 7-5 :( :( 
woke up to a headache and throat hurting .. :c 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah when you put us together were quite a show lol miss you too ! wish you were coming today :( 
only 3 hours of sleep ? ? ok .. lol 😣 
my head is bruised from hitting it yesterday :( #oww 
justin and davin said they'd be up by seven ... they're still sleeping ! :( 
saturday school this morning .... ff 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😣 
USERNAME how was the swimming ? hope you're having a great day :-( xx 
when you don't care how far away he is or how long he's gone ... you still love him . #militaryprobz #heartbreaker #misshim #confusion </3 
ugh , i feel terrible and mlp is on in 45 minutes :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i got a game nov . 24th 😔 
for the past 2 months i've been waking up at 4 am for work on weekends , i need sleep :( 
USERNAME my beat friend goes there . she loves it ! it's so far away from home though :( 
i was thinking about that but i have classes that day :( rt USERNAME USERNAME hell yeah ! in watching all 5 movies in one day ! ! 
no empieza bien mi día :-( dolor ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME how is dominic part of this ? ! ? 😧 #shoutycapitals 
- mhyy sister didn't even bother too comee & spend timee wiff mee whilee i'm still in patterson ! USERNAME she don't love me nomore :( 
USERNAME i'm gonna need it . #constantlycrying #heartbroken #thisishard </3 
happy shannon hullum day . ! USERNAME enjoy it , going to miss the lone senior 💚 💙 😢 
i could of gone hunting with my boyfriend , instead i'm helping my grandma demolish her garage & clean it all up 😔 
rt USERNAME not feeling my hair this morning *sigh* sad face :'( URL 
USERNAME i'm prob gonna be . late i'm just now getting in the shower :( 
USERNAME USERNAME well that dumby didn't tell me that . lordyy . guess i'm goin by myself 😔 
i still remember him being 14 and getting on my dang nerves ! he's still a little boy in my head . i'm sad now 😭 
USERNAME yes , that is true . i'm sorry ): 
welp .. guess my interview is now next saturday .. or friday .. 😞 
USERNAME and your familia misses you 😭 especially me 😫 
i can't wear makeup i have an allergic reaction :( it looks bad x( 
holy shit my aunt is getting me a earl hoodie as soon as she gets paid ! 😱 😱 😱 😭 👍🙏🙏 😱 
USERNAME haha you're probly right ! i wish i was 😭 buut til then you're gonna have to live it up without me ! work'll be a blast .. waah ! 
my sister just reminded me how oomf left me flowers on my doorsteps during the night 😔 
USERNAME yeah but i don't have a meal plan :( 
my bed is so warm ... i don't want to get ready for work :( 
USERNAME love you baby girl sorry i missed telling you happy birthday but i realized i texted the wrong memorized number :( 
all of two hours of sleep wow how refreshed i feel 😞 😑 
#norwich xi (vs #royals ): ruddy; whittaker , bassong , turner , garrido; johnson , tettey; pilkington , snodgrass , hoolahan; holt [c].” 
i do </3 rt USERNAME nah , keisha didn't really wanna be a cute lesbian couple at her prom . i feel led on .. bamboozled .. scammed .. 
teri tobin - lp (via itunes ): URL #soul #indiemusic USERNAME 
it is too early to be getting ready for work right now ! ! 😣 😣 😣 
leave me alone i didn't do anything why are you being so mean 😓 😟 😭 #idontevenknowyou 
aww fuck . this time schedule really messed with my sleeping schedule ! 😭 
last week , i've just found out my left kidney failing -_- #i 'm hurt :( 
USERNAME it screw up my nights , 8pm and im all wasted like 10pm 😞 
aww fuck . this time change really fucked with my sleeping schedule . 😭 
USERNAME i just had the worse dream about you . :( 
casi un mes sin ver a mis amigas :'( USERNAME USERNAME 4 days ! 
USERNAME thanks . even though i haven't talked to u in a whole :( lol 
my new header makes me miss home more and more every time i look at it ): 
i just wanted to see her :( but i was too passed out , soo .. that was my fault -_- 
USERNAME hahah me too , and now my head is throbbing and i feel horrible :( waah 
dance practice and i can't even move . #hurtleg #swollenelbow 😣 😨 
i miss shorts and hot days , summer come back 😞 
what sucks is i have to go work in a little then come back around 12 , then go work at the restaurant at 7 the . i leave at 10 or 11 #fml 
USERNAME we've been trying to transition from the bottle to the sippy cup ...... so i feel your pain :( it's not going well & he's pissed 
wish USERNAME was ready for primetime . just dragged all USERNAME files to it and suddenly my mac is unusable . :-( 
USERNAME can i go be a fucker with you ? my life is boring :( 
im starving , i want breakfast ..... but the foods all the way in the kitchen , and im in my warm bed . :( #sadtweet 
i forgot how it felt to have a hangover , damn coronas 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ohcrapp kalamii boracay :( i miss you too ! ! :/ 
i remember blowing up twitter with my competitions days :( #misscheer 
USERNAME aw boo ! :( i see a turkey ! #gobblegobble 
i wish i was a drug dealer 😔 they wake up whenever tf they want . 
USERNAME yea we were :( i gotta see them asap . my grandpa is the funniest person i know haha . he has so many funny homes and smart comeback 
too early to be up on a saturday . :( *yawn* (@ fraser valley earlybird) URL 
USERNAME are you coming back to illinois any time soon ? :( #missyou 
(774 ): he's probably a serial killer or chronic masturbator 
slightly in my feelings .. missing my other family :-( 
i used to talk to almost everyone at fruita . now i only talk to three . #sadtweet 
ik were my heart is 😔 where is urs ? 💔 
35 degrees out there ... i soo don't want to leave my bed . 😭 
so upset that i have to miss spending time with my family this afternoon because of work . ugh 😞 
USERNAME i was so damn pissed i woke up early for no reason 😔 😒 
USERNAME yea :( she was an elderly lady abou 80 years old i think 
USERNAME hey curb why can't we buy USERNAME merchandise for christmas ? oh that's right he doesn't have any :-( . 
USERNAME are you ignoring me ? i have tweeted you many questions and no reply from you :( 
having to see someone everyday .... that you miss like crazy ... :-( #worstfeeling #loveofmylife #sad #wrongthoughts 
so cold . i don't wanna work 😞 😞 😞 
its really hard to have a best friend that hates taylor swift .... :'( USERNAME 
doubling up on biotin pills ! i want my hair back :( 
as soon as i got home , i ate & then knocked the fuck out . i was so tired :c 
too bad it was only 10 minutes bc i have to work :'( ( 
i will be on my flight when the game is on 😢 #gocanes 
my weekends are alway so boring , i don't even bother going out anymore 😔 
USERNAME but i wana look all sexy at shows here in your mech :( 
USERNAME :'( i needa goo see everyone again i miss ya .. mostly u tho :-* 
i don't want to get up and go to work :( tooii tired 
USERNAME do you know what this is ^ 😭 😭 
USERNAME i almost wish i could send him a dm . i've got to say something about the blog , don't i . :( 
i had a dream my dad text me 😔 lollol 
i'm utterly exhausted . i thought i'd finally have a night where i actually got some sleep but apparently my body just fucking hates me . 😢 
USERNAME is trying to make me embrace the dayy 😭 😭 but i don't waannaa 
USERNAME i wish ud wake up and text me back :-( #lonely 
USERNAME :( idk meat head .... i guess i'll be ok .. i just feel really horrible "/ 
i live with USERNAME and i never see her 😔 😔 😢 
no me puedo terminar mi wafle 😰 era un trabajo en equipo 😢 😢 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
oh god , i feel like i’m going to throw up . :( 
vans are like freakishly comfortable , how am i just finding this out ! :( 
still can't go home </3 all these test and blood work smh but its helping 
i couldn't answer tho cause i was asleep & it was on vibrate , he probably thinks i was ignoring him ! :c 
fucken freezing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😣 
going home to eat and bathe before ball . i hate leaving the boys :( 
USERNAME USERNAME good luck today . sorry i cant be there for senior day . 😔 
USERNAME where have you been , computer applications isn't the same 😞 
USERNAME uhh i'm texting you . am i not good enough ? :( 
everyone had their baby's & then there's me 😞 so jealous that everyone gets to cuddle & i have to wait 10 more weeks :( 
this pussy will change ya life .. females talk dat shit but im bout i t.t hats why im careful bout who i give it too .. run ya ass crazy lmao . 
USERNAME USERNAME :( (((( i'm gonna be missing this :( 
USERNAME hey , you know what ? i miss you too 😢 
why are my feelings for you coming back . 😔 😞 💞 
USERNAME not too much haha bout to work 10-5 :( 
USERNAME i'm not so bored , but i'm exhausted . :( #missyoubb #hangmonday 
i wish my mom would actually drive to jersey on dec . 2 so i can meet mikey and madison . but no . it's too close to christmas she says ... 😒 😞 😢 
alright mother nature , i'll do it . i'll twerk for a deer right now .. 😔 
USERNAME i know . but i just really don't wanna sit here pointlessly for an hour . i miss my bed :( kill the driver and you drive ? ! please ! 
not going to be able to wear jeans for week :( 
when i go to leave for work and jessa stands at the door screaming wait wait <<< 😞 😪 
USERNAME yeah . not sure if this is smart or not but was looking to consolidate cloud services to google . pics , vids , files , etc . :-( 
really don't want to work my saturday away again . but , that's why they call it work . 😒 😔 
:( i wanna give up , but every part of me tells me i need you . 
eight hour shift and it's beyond freezing :( #sadalexis gonna be frozen if i have to work window lol #ialwaysworkwindow #baristaproblems 
USERNAME i don't care for that green marble backsplash :( 
no matter what , i will always be that girl that everyone puts down and rips on for fun . #sad #getsold :( 
USERNAME because i shouldn't have gave his worthless ass another chance ... but it's okay i know his true colors he a bitch nigga .. :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i know its against the religion but :( 
software architect for multimedia :c # & . net ... - #saltlakecity , ut (URL get net jobs #net #jobs #job #getalljobs 
i think today calls for some retail therapy ... but discounted i'm poor 😔 
USERNAME hey ! i know u jist left houston but when are u coming back ? ? ? ? ! ! it is so tough to get tickets to see you :( n blk market sucks 
that reminds me of something totally irrelevant why is it the pretty girls who decide to do the crazy ass drug like coke or heroin ! ? 😢 
😔 can't believe 10 years of my life is over still hasn't hit me yet ! 
it's soo cold in my room right now . 😣 
USERNAME not so much ... i need to eat something . but the thought of eating anything makes me want to hurl ... :-( 
USERNAME i wish u where hear i got to have surgery in a couple weeks an i am not liking it :( 
back home to son with hand-foot-mouth virus :( thinking i should head back to #elpaso w/ the fam today . desert air could be the cure ! 
USERNAME please try to keep me alive at work today 😭 i might need a lot of follows with plates .. i think i have one hand to work with 😭 😭 🔫 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i feel left out 😢 
USERNAME i'm so sorry :( i was tired and im sorry :( 
when you realize that you slept in the latest you can sleep in 😔 
USERNAME i dont like that stuff ... its white (racist) lol , its cold , and and and make my old bones hurt :( 
chicago this time of year >>>>> take me back homee ): URL 
#thatsadmoment when i roll over to cuddle and he's not there :( 
i'm still sick :( ((( monday i'm gonna be a new person like everything's gonna change #cant wait 
did justin and selena break up ? ! ? ! ? ! ? :( 
USERNAME krissy ... why are you saying that ? :( 
USERNAME i want your flute ! :( ( teach me how to and let's do the dramatico and i'm gonna play my cymbals .. 
new york is way too cold in the morning ... 😣 😭 
hugs USERNAME 😘 😘 💐💐💐 ❤ ❤ 💜 💜 🌺🌺🌺🙏🙏🙏 😥 
to lay in bed longer or to get coffee ? #lifedecisions #hungover 😣 
USERNAME ya supra isn't either she's half pitt/bull mastiff but she's so little cause she was the runt . she's not gonna grow anymore :( 
me and kash got da hooking this a . m and now i'm in pain from him pulling my hair and slanging me :( 
i will never be good enough for him . i will never deserve someone like him . #reality #sadtweet 
bra .... im shakingg ._. ):  ! ! ! ! 
omg my mom going to start a job in italy :( 
when you dont show a person attention , they maybe in to you . once you realize that its mutual and explain it , then it goes to the head . :( 
USERNAME 😔 things will get better , i promise . cheer up , you're too pretty to be upset 😘 
USERNAME ugh .. i have no idea 😔 but we are getting tacos . lol 
time to go back home 😞 #leaving #oregon #sucks #goodbye 
the very first stretch before you get out of bed is amazing . i just want to lay here forever lol :'( 
USERNAME what do you do ? that's a long time to be unhappy . :( 
i will not attempt to get coffee at sheetz again without a masters degree and training on how to work the machines 😔 
uh oh bringing out the bikini ready workout USERNAME USERNAME let's hope i make it thru the first day 😖 😥 
my house is either an igloo in the winter or an inferno in the summer 😔 gotta bust out my baby heater 
i woke up feeling worse than i did when i went to sleep ): 
maybe he broke something ): take him to the vet ! hurry ! ! ! 
time to go back home 😞 #leaving #oregon #goodbye #thissucks #fuck 
USERNAME aww im so sorry to hear that boo , i feel horrible 😢 😪 
USERNAME good luck with hurdle season this year #kicksomeass #misshurdles # :( 
i need to get up & shower to go out for breakfast but my bed is so nice & comfy 😔 
i've gotten lucky every time this has almost happened , but there's no getting out of it this time #fml 
missed you all night .. hopefully u coming to work tonight i love you baby :'( 
USERNAME you better or ill e up in my room all night cryin on the edge of my bed like on thursday ! 😢 
USERNAME i miss you more :( i'm gonna call you when i wake up from my nap . 
i didn't wanna get up this morning cause i love laying in your arms 😞 😘 
USERNAME check on my house :( we might be down there soon 
so tired .. do not want to be at work 😔 
USERNAME i'm at the harbor foo and its even more freezing ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i almost didn't leave she made me cry 😢 
i know what kind of cat i want . unfortunately , they cost upwards of $10k . :( URL #fb 
omg . i'm dying . do not feel good at all . 😭 😷🔫 💊👍 
USERNAME teka , makita mo ba yung tweet ko sau about sa acct ko . it suddenly unfollowed a lot of my following 😭 
:( gotta work tonight but we can get up sometime today and there's always next sat . #pure USERNAME " 
damn , everyone getting wawa . i want some ): 
i wish </3 rt USERNAME on my way to USERNAME for a book signing . will i see you there ? 
USERNAME i had things to do as well :( double sucks 
my voice is gone :( i sound really hoarse . 
USERNAME oh no ): what about tylenol cold and flu ! the pills are purple and red 
it's time to say bye to nj and ny :-( 
okay i'm so happy we are doing the harry potter theme . done playing dramatico and mystic journey :( 
passed out last night , didnt even get to finish watching my movie .... :( 
can't believe i'm not going to the USERNAME concert tonight :( 
not in the mood to go freeze during practice today :( 
my family is so fucked up need my boyfriend ): 
USERNAME so do i :( . i will be there tonight tho 
gm worl d; today we lay the wonderful mama reed to rest :( soo sad ! 
went to work for 2hrs back to bed till work at 1 :( eff 
why is it when i can sleep in for once i am wide awake at 7 ... #bored everyone's sleeping 😭 
i wish my gram was home :( i don't wanna be here 
20 mins & im bored ! ! ... someone kill me now ! 😞 stuck here for the next 5 hrs ! #traffics @ traffic school ! ! 😩😫 URL 
USERNAME hahah i'm just kidding everybody takes me so seriously 😒 😔 
-when thee onee you need dont need you ! :( 
i broke my favorite belly button ring last night :( #wah 
goodmorning USERNAME , i didn't talk to you yesterday . it feels weird :( 
work till 2 ... i hate the saturday shift :( (@ rider university bookstore) URL 
USERNAME wahh well i won't see you today then :( 
wtf , there's not a site for these fucking shoes 😒 😑 😔 😠 😡 
i hate how the people i be wanting to talk to the most never hmu :( ( 
is it read ali's texts and don't reply day ? 😢 
kinda mad im missing homecoming this year :( #famu _hc2k12 
USERNAME she is young you can't expect her to just want to get married give her some credit ! 😔 
bye santa ana :( @ doubletree by hilton hotel santa ana - orange county airport URL 
USERNAME maybe :( you day baby daddy nigga lol . 
USERNAME ohh ok 😕 😔 lol ill ask in another hour .. ? 
can u say up early ? :( i don't like this ! ! ! time to go back to sleep ... 
but why does my cousin have the need to wake me up this way 😢 😢 
USERNAME lol idk we ain't got no food in the fridge 😞 it's so hard getting food living with 6 others ! 
USERNAME i miss u too :( ( maybe we can hang out monday or sunday depends when i coming back 
i always say i'm going to go to the festival of lights but never end up going 😔 
USERNAME do sorry to hear about your darling pup 😥 
#tweetyourfear losing you , you know who you aree 💔 
i thought he was just drunk at first until he started screaming 😦 
USERNAME oh my godd :( that sucks so bad i'd be having a panic attack for hours lol 
USERNAME awh dro lol ): we forever gone be cool though . 
im mad cuz i hurt . i overreact cuz i care . i stick around because i love you . & it kills me that none of that affects the way you feel ): 
USERNAME how about one for the people who woke up super early to catch the end ? no ? really ? ok :( lol 
i feel like shit and i'm not even hungover . fuck anatomy . 😣 😞 
sophia decides to get up at 8 & has no intentions of going back to sleep . 😔 
USERNAME you know ya team leader work at my shop now that girl is a perv yo 😔 
don't wana go to work :( atleast it's only for 3 hours tho . someone please hit me up w plans after 
gotta go play for a team i don't like ... all well at least i'm still playing ! gonna miss #oomf though . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME this is not my conversation i know i just wanted tosay i hate that you guys get to use emojis :( 
wizards vs bucks ... washington lost :( #besties #bff #tgif #instacuties #fridaynight #verizo @ verizon center URL 
i like when its just me and USERNAME on my timeline in the morning; it almost feels like we're hanging out .. almost </3 
i just wanna cuddle n he wanna be up all early 😞 🔫 
USERNAME you never talk about victorious , just singing :( 
i wish i could do something right for once :( 
USERNAME a hotel but i dislike it ! ! ): 
USERNAME i know you hate the #whistlesong but it now reminds me of you ! 😞 
listening to music thinking about alot of shit that i dont want on my mind right now :( #ugh 
i hate when USERNAME leaves . the bed gets cold , and i get sad . :( 
USERNAME i'm glad you finally said something , i thought you forgot about me . 😔 
lol they never did give up ... they're holding on to tht nonexistent r&b career :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME i don't own a smartphone :( i know , i know . i'm so out of touch ! 
so presale tickets are on sale tomorrow but i have no money in my account :( (( 
another bird just died flying face first into our window . i'm so sad about this ! :( #poorbird 
when your dad cancels . and you don't go to the fair<<<<< 😔 😞 😒 😣 
wtf that means i cant watch the cardinals game tomorrow :( 
i hate work i just wanna sleep forever 😫🙀 😔 😴 
i'm supposed to be up getting ready for an eye doctors appt . but i'm just too tired :( 
i lost my tree and it was so loud 😭 😭 😭 
this fucked up broke down and its a one way street #fml 
USERNAME im sure the show is going great ! ! ! wish i could come see it :( break a leg thinking of u at #thesfest 
it's to early to be in my feeling :( ( 
USERNAME no brady i called you to get me 😳 😥 😁 
i wish that it wasn't so crapy outside so i could go see her :( 
there's only one person i wanna talk to this morning . but she's ain't texting me back . 😞 
got sophie a new sweater . wish she could see it . :( URL 
USERNAME why do you want to punch me ? ! ! 😞 
lmfaoo damn 😔 rt USERNAME USERNAME lmao all i can think of is that bus driver uppercut 
USERNAME USERNAME we'll try our hardest .. it's just us dennis and kim and its so boring :( 
USERNAME awe , tolin ! i miss you to . it'll be awhile before i get to come back home 😔 
:( everything would be better if USERNAME was here . it would be movie night :( 
USERNAME i work sundays , didn't count today . mon/ tues is my weekend :( i wish i had sundays off i always miss the games 
USERNAME i wasn't saying you had to get up lol :( 
#fml big ass truck shut down on my street URL 
USERNAME congratulations again to all of you who organized the whole event , you made me so proud of our family . i want to be part of it 😭 
my baby brother's hamster always decides to go on his wheel when im trying to sleep 😔 😞 😤 😠 #annoyed 
USERNAME i knoww i'm sick so not this weekend 😞 
when yur bf wakes you up an hour and a half too early <<< #fml 
the road on the way to work ...... #ndwinterweather :-( URL 
USERNAME i wish you weren't private so i can retweet your perf tweets 😔 
since i woke up from two hours of sleep- 6 tubes of blood drawn for tests , 4 shots , and pricked my finger for my blood sugar 3 times ./: #fml 
“USERNAME ikr ? ? ? ;~; rt USERNAME baket walang ganitong moment sa pinas ! rt USERNAME URL dito din sa la 😭 
really regretting agreeing to an additional 11hr shift today . 😩 😭 
when your bf wakes you up an hour and a half too early <<< #fml 
i woke up to my toe throbbing . but then i remembered i messed it up w/football yesterday :( 
mj have a doctors appointment today :( a mothers wrk is never done 
USERNAME ah boo i'm still in my tour then :( good luck ! ! ! ! better win for me 😘 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
i want to go christmas shopping today ! ! 🎄🎅🎁 not work 6 hours . 😞 
me and USERNAME should reunite soon ! miss my bff 😫 😭 
sucks that i cant just call lauren i have to drive to her house cause her phone is off ): 
twitter mb 7lw mn lap abii my ipad :( </3 ! 
USERNAME mad my crush went to southern without me :( ... 
getting up this morning was so hard :( (((( work ! 
😔 damn i wish my bro was out ! #freeking ! ! ! 
USERNAME yay ! smokey got attacked by one early this morning 😥 
can i just lay in bed and cry all day #miserable #crushed :'( <\3 
i can feel the sadness this holiday season .. :( 
but it don't matter what i try to do , i keep on forgetting to forget about you 😔 
busted my lip because i didn't strap on my helmet .. now it looks like i got my ass kicked :( 
why do i keep waking up at 7 in the morning .. 😥 
that pain when you wear your retainers after you haven't worn them in a while<<<< smh 😣 
i miss the good ole days with y'all :( USERNAME USERNAME y'all are gonna have to come keep me company at the apartment sometimes 
soo i really don't want to go to work 😭 
USERNAME jk you guys always do fun stuff now that i'm gone ): 
i'm ready to get back under my blankets 😔 😑 
i miss my best guy friend . 😢 😭 💔 
USERNAME bff miss you :-( you too have an awesome day 
my heart is heavy today ! ! for numerous reasons . gonna be a long day 😢 rip don 💕 
bet im about to go back to sleep > :[ 
all packed and checked out , now for our drive back to orlando to catch our plane ! don't wanna to back to cold england :( 
the morning after getting fucked up , and having to be at work at 6 am . storyofmylife . erry weekend :( 
USERNAME - and my ikea biscuits have all gone :( 
not open yet :( @ tiffany & co . URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME thanks bebee i wish you were playing :( 
USERNAME they only have the 64g there :( i called last night .. i will be pissed if they lied to me .. 
work till six , & making josh clean my car because i ran over a skunk :( 
my mom wants to donate her weeding dress . 😤😩 😭 😓 
i hate not feeling like i'm good enough for somebody 😔 
i just woke up to go pee . i'm fucking freezing and my blankets are not warming me up :( 
just want USERNAME to be happy agian . :-\ dont lik ewhen my babes down like thiss :-( i wannah cryy too :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME its on sunday . and i don't have transpo how will i goo :( (( 
i had the scariest dream ever last night :( ( 
i feel like i just got hit by a car . 😥 feel so sick . 😓 
i really don't know what i do to deserve this 😢 
scratch that i need to lay down my head hurt 😞 
you meet your twitter boo in person only to find out that he's not 6'4, but 5'6 :( 
ewe my cousin & his mom are here > :( why tf didn't no one tell me ? 
USERNAME how trendy of you ! i never got one ! ! ! ! 😥 
bad stuff always happens to me . don't feel good at all . :( 
USERNAME can you & USERNAME stop being so cute ? 😫😩 😥 😥 😯 😮 😵 
USERNAME , i think im fina go see derrick & his momaa becauae ion think i cann handle the funeral & them really burying him :'( 
USERNAME remember when my mom said that like 2 summers ago she was like you guys have the same exact pose just different faces #missit 💔 
USERNAME can u pleased help me . get more followers pleasee and can u rt or follow back please i need something . to make me smile :( 
USERNAME i think i look like one of freddy kruger's nightmares . when he sees it , he will stop following me . :( 
wish evan didnt have practice till 1 ! :( i wanna snuggle #comeback 
guys i wish i got my american idol audition on type :( i wanted to show u guys it lol 
USERNAME why would we have to see about it ? > :( 
here at high point solutions right now . in my corner all by myself . 😔 
USERNAME at a , hotel but i dislike it ): 
the fact that i had a dream about snakes last night<<<<<<<<< 😁 😭 
USERNAME i work today and i think andrew is headed back to dodge :( 
i hate wen mfz retweet my shid bt they not followin me :( 
USERNAME how can you tell that's what it is ? :( 
USERNAME i kinda do miss it&our 6 am yoga sessions , watching toddlers&tiarras every night ,&our muc/4 bags of popcorn a day eating habits 💔 
i just heard angeline gettin locked up when reggie get out 😭 
USERNAME what ! why are you moving ? ! 😥 
USERNAME thanks for the invite to see my boy gary 😩 #disappointed #brokenhearted 💔 
USERNAME i am soo jealous ! the clubs are done for the winter up here in the mitten :( 
USERNAME wish i could be there 😥 .✌ 💔 💋 
i just want to favorite all of your shit but you're gunna think i'm a creep & never follow me . ever :( USERNAME 
i never hear from you but wakin up to drunken texts kinda breaks my heart .. but hey at least ur thinkin about me i guess 💔 😪 
USERNAME if i had a car girly i'd take you 😞 
USERNAME u would know how ? its not ur finger it actually hurts like a bitch . i'm sorry that its all u hear abou t.t hat's not my fault . 
that depressing moment when your parents cut you off :( looks like ill be needing more hours 
USERNAME far back .. :( too far back to be the one less lonely girl 
why y'all doing this to me 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 ! ! 
i've lost a little bit of weight ./: kettering hospital isn't fun . ): @ kettering hospital icu rm 3524 URL 
im tired of getting black mailed about a mistake i made ! #fml 
USERNAME aww no ! i’m so sorry . :( *hug* 
tired of those that think they have to throw their beliefs in your face . :( . 
i love waking up sick😷 going up be a long day at work . 😭 
thanksgiving is almost here .. all i can think of is the story of the little match girl .. and how winy americans have become #depressed 
time to go to the gas station by myself 😔 
i hope i don't have to work on my birthday night :( (((((((( 
cinnamon rolls on a saturday morning is great ! it'd be better if my hubby was eating them with me instead of sleeping :( 
finding a actually attractive girl is a hoe <<< why why why 😱 😞 😮 
it's been to long since i was in georgia 😔 
my hair is soo fuckin ratchet right now ! :( uh uh , cant fuckin have dat ! 
it's so hard talking at work when my voice is basically gone . #fml 
i still have limited mobility of my arm . unfortunately i still have a ton to do today . & this sadly includes going to the stats lab . :( :( 
those dreams that make zero sense but are super scary ... #wtf 😥 
i wish my body knew how to sleep in . #7hoursofsleep 😔 
omg why do i overthink things so much ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME :( not cool . now i feel like i gotta drive home just to check on my poor child . 
USERNAME eek ! i hope they won't be mad at you ! :( 
game design session with kid 1.0 (four years old ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ohh i see how it is 😥 😥 
USERNAME i never trust that site . too much rumors and speculation . :( 
fever , upper respiratory infect/cough , sinus and bilateral ear infection :( glad i caved and went to dr . 
USERNAME oh no 😔 maybe try taking a nap later 
omw to this game with the worse headache :( #soccerproblems 
she ain't texts back last night or today gutta just feeling sad :( USERNAME 
sadie derrick kacie tiffany jaquan everyone just love each other 😔 
USERNAME so do i ! there's a terrible acident there :( 
just gotta keep reminding myself im home working for the money .. i need the money . ugh #wannabeintroy so bad . missing the troy/navy game :( ( 
crying before this performance because i was talking about my grandpa . i miss you . :( 
no work today 😔 well gainesville it is 😊 USERNAME 
ughh phone crackedd ! ! ! ! 😳 😢 really 4th iphone ! 
USERNAME i miss u ! ! ! i wish u could have hopped on the ✈ with me and come to dallas 😔 
USERNAME haha i don't really have any spendable money right now so it shouldn't be too hard . so sad 😞 
USERNAME me too ! and my butt is numb :( 
USERNAME mna b2oollk kda wlhyy msh bnsoof mnhom 7aga :( ( 
it's gonna be nics wish i could be goin to the game ): 
USERNAME no :( i'm gonna ask him at the vip then ill dm him to follow u . is that ok ? 
USERNAME - girl i'm knee deep in football booster club ! 😣 ready to come see you play though ! ! ! tj too ! 
i just want to be in texas or california living with my little army family :( they are the only ones that get me ! 
getting sick sucks ... after you have just been sick 😥 
waiting last minute to start this 10 page paper and then reading the part where it says 😱 😨 😰 😥 😢 😭 #opps 
waking up ten minutes before you need to be in work <<< #fuckmylife 
my lil sis bday party today & i can't even go :( 
god . why do i have to be sick today :( 
only karlee would wake me up as soon as i fell asleep :( URL 
still have a stuffy/icky nose :( this sickness ain't the business USERNAME 
if only USERNAME missed me as much as i miss her ... 💔 
USERNAME good morning (sorry) i was out & left my phone & came back ko 😳 😥 
USERNAME :( no drumming drummer is a sad drumming drummer 
im crying now :'( seriously im not a slut in not a dick i'm not a bitch im not easy and don't tell people i'm mean when i don't even know you 
can't believe this is the last time i will watch my sister play volleyball for a few months 😩 😢 but soo proud of her ! good luck today meg ! ❤ 
i'm going to be so hung over today , wish i had a cuddle buddy today :( 
USERNAME and bayside and transit 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
i need somebody to cuddle with i'm freezing :( ( 
in 30 minutes i have to sit in a classroom for 4 hours and do work #fuckmylife #straightaswag 
it's broken . :-( (@ under the sea ~ journey of the little mermaid w/ 2 others) URL 
sittin in front of the heater with my blankyy . 😔 
it makes me upset when i have to let her down :( 
fml . cant go to the basketball game today 😢 #sopissed #thanksalotdad 
no more zombie dreams please ... 😔 😥 😫 #uptooearly #dayoff #terrifying #stilltired 
honestly don't know what to do :'( going to shawnee's job fair in tears 
omg its early i wana go back to sleep :'( 
taking my baby sister to the airport for her flight to paris . a whole week without her is going to literally kill me . 😔 USERNAME 
URL USERNAME gordon , a teacher was kill yesterday because she demands water in her home ... :( 
good luck to all my ladies today ! sad i cant be there for shl ! :( 
i hate that my finger nails are so dirty :( 
i don't want to do this parade , or work tonight , why do my saturdays suck ass 😔 
USERNAME can you hold off ... for me ? ? ? ? ? bc i don't want to go by myself when i go 😔 
USERNAME ive missed ya <3 we didnt talk last night . :( 
USERNAME ew . megan smoked for a few months with sean :( 
i cannot even emphasize how marvelous that dream was ... it was like everything wrapped into one 😦 #iwannagoback 😭 
2% and no charger ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
being with you for two days straight was amazing <3 wish you weren't leaving .. this is gunna be the worst 10 days ever .. #missingyou # 😔 
wish i had ice so i could make a milkshake 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME my last game day 😭 😩 😖 but its still game dayy ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME me too ! :( i wish last night would've never ended :/ 
really not wanting to sit through 4 more sessions . #fml #ffaprobs 
USERNAME but i just gag on them and cant swallow ): 
i'm ready for him to be home with me :( 
USERNAME i had a dream you and me were in spain and it was so much fun man :( 
i like how normal gays use grindr to hookup when they're drunk and i just troll on it 😥 
USERNAME :( wish i could help but helpless i can only pray 🙏 ! 
fitness friends check out a free fitness pro forum (11/15 ): all abt designing programs to max weight loss ! USERNAME URL 
USERNAME it really does :s gallbladder kept me up :( 
mane my mom still dont feed us i feel unlove :'( 
i was real happy to get my nails done finally today but anna got called into work :( 
little kids are growing up so fast it's not even funny 😢 next thing you know their off to college ! ! 😩 
i wish i was home with my little her dnt feel good :( . 
time to go home , don't want to leave la :( 
why cant i just have a relationship with a handsome baseball player and be happy 😞 
USERNAME sxck 😞 but i don't wanna take this medicine . smh 
he still ain't say hey back 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 
its always a disappointment to wake up with a voice the day after a big game . :( 
damn we gon to lunch instead i wanted breakfast 😔 
i want to rearrange my room but i don't think i can . 😢 
my knee is so swollen ! ! ! this is torture . :( 
USERNAME im quitting my job so hopefully i get to stay in houston longer with you bc i was telling my mom how much i miss you :( 
my circadian rhythm won't let me sleep in anymore 😔 #sadtruth #thanksschool 
ohh 😧 rt USERNAME omg i have two hickeys on my neck 😲 😱 
omw to the orthodontist , they're gonna find some shit to yell at me about 😔 🙉🙊🙈 
i'm still quite upset that i'm not in vegas partyin with armaine :( 
my friend USERNAME is mad at me , but i love her and want to spend my last day in the city with her ! :( 
i wish someone did me a huge favor at 8 o'clock tonight 😔 i need a car 
today's news from sen . bernie sanders (i-vt . ): URL #vermont #vt #veterans #veteransday #budget #congress #socialsecurity 
i wish i could go for a run later but my hip hurts too bad 😭 😭 
i hate bad dreams that feel so real . 😔 😫 
i'm gonna miss the most important thing i've been waiting for all because of my stupidity 😣 
USERNAME what did you end up doing 😫 😔 wahh 
it's hard to have a bestfriend that lives 1200 miles away 💔 😢 👎 
why the hell do i have to be sick seriously , can never do anything :( (((( 
well idk what i'm gonna do next weekend . pop , danielle , squirl ,& mama are sick with either the flu or sinus infections . #getbetter :( 
USERNAME 1) you're not missing much this morning 2) i won't be there next week :( but i'll be at the next on in montreal in march . 
USERNAME text me i lost all my contacts lol :( 
USERNAME your kid isn't even going to recognize me ! (but hopefully she will because otherwise i'll be devastated :( ) 
USERNAME girl i just woke up ! poland you know i have to work ): 
it's my one year anniversary and i don't even have a sitter 😞 
USERNAME i won't be out to capac until later . i have training at 1 :( 
USERNAME :( <3 mucho amor casa slice , (much love home slice) 
the down side is my son has fever 😔 helpful by the time i'm off work it goes away , i just have to leave it in gods hands 
only bad part is i can't be with my boyfriend :( 
been here since 730. woe is me 😔 #sears just took 2 paychecks 😫 #starbucks and tv is the only thing @ sears URL 
i wish you missed me as much as i miss you :( 
#woaah #wtf #youhateme ? 😁 😞 😱 😬 😑 😯 
USERNAME no , its on a game lol , i wish it was real . ): 
USERNAME good 😊 how about you gorgeous ? i wish you could follow me but .. it probably won't happen 😔 
everyone in nikkies house needs to wake up its coffee time 😔 
not going to see USERNAME until mon . night ! :( 
sad to see david ross of the braves go to the red sox . #sadday 
talking to USERNAME >> i feel so much better , and i'm glad were friends again now just to talk to USERNAME 😔 #imissmyfriends /family 
fall is giving us it's last hurrah today with a 70 degree high temp . last day ( in all likelyhood ) to open the windows . mon . high 38/snow :( 
rather see you happy than see you struggle && hurt 😔 
dropping off coco for the week . :-( (@ pet haven animal hospital) URL 
well my weekend just turned terrible . found out my dog died yesterday )': #sadtweet #crying 
at my walk feeling really good about it ! 😪 💔 
andd my dog puked in my bed .. good morning to u too #fml 
my mom didn't take me on her weekend shopping trip to the outlets and great lakes crossing 😭 i wanna buy stuff . 
leland lightz gotta do betta shyt .. smh .. black dog light alwayz goiin out .. #sascasez :( 
USERNAME you actually hurt my feelings . our love relationship has dwindled .. i don't even know you anymore 😭 💔 
i wanna do something productive today , but i don't feel good 😔 😫 
saturday and i have to clean ..... kill me now please ! ! :( 
my stepdads dog died last night , but i feel like he was my own . 😔 
my shoulder hurts so bad right now . #fml #ouch 
USERNAME nevermind :-( i just checked the weather again and the weather man decided against the snow #imissnow 
i'm always disappointed when i'm passed by a kia soul & the hamsters aren't driving it . #sadtweet ;-) 
wrap* rt USERNAME if obama legalizes weed its a rap ! 😭 
USERNAME i cantgo anymore 💔 💔 💔 💔 😰 😰 😰 
USERNAME lmao i was hoping first period was math but its not :( ( 
USERNAME dude seasons after fucking rocks . and i know :( i miss them . their last album was kinda bland . they could of done better 
i feel like it all happened cause of me 😔 
USERNAME i think ima do that , i want mine pierced but to get it pierced it cost like 25 dollars , niggas simi broke 😅 😔 😬 
i feel dead ): thank god for dunkin donuts ! ! 
😔 kelly said she feels awful so i now have an extra ticket for taken 2 .. 
USERNAME is over tweeting about our wittle chunck and im just cracking up . hahaha #imissyouboth . :( 
USERNAME my house ... you should totally come here tho because i can't leave till helena does 😣 
USERNAME i loved it ! ! ! ! it was so sad though 😔 😢 
really wishes i was on the way to columbia #sadtweet #gococks 
USERNAME :( they broke upp . that's what i heard . like its trending 
i wish i could be with all my friends in cleveland :( #331wolfpack 
i know two kids who are about to go back to bed if they don't knock off all this crying 😭 🔇 
i was hopping i'd wakeup withoutt a cold ... #thatdidnthappen #sick 😔 
i hate having wood floors . it gets so fucken cold ! :( 
USERNAME lmfao i get back on sunday night hahahahahaha 😣 
omgg my sore throat is so badd 😥 😖 😔 😪😷 😠 
hit traffic in front of my favorite mall ): what a tease (@ potomic mills) URL 
topic of the morning: zombie apocalypse . my bf said he'd put me down if i was turned into one 😣 🔫 
bitch it better not rain .. i'm dressed like its spring time ... 😔 😔 😔 
what should i do ? ? ? 😳 😔 🙍 💔 
woke up with a good mind but feeling horrible 😔 
one more month of this bs . #winterbreak hurry up :( 
those days where you wake up depressed & wanna cry for no reason<<<< 😢 
i don't want to go to work . the mall has been dead lately and it makes me sad to stare at underwear all day long . 😔 
welp .. guess im taking a trip to urgent care ina bit ): 
my niece called me & woke me up , & now i can't go back to sleep .. #fml 
me and USERNAME matched yesterday and we didn't photograph it :( 
USERNAME it's true ! especially once you have kids days turn into minutes . 😔 
USERNAME babe i miss you 😔 i want lots of cuddle time tonight . you're staying up all night with me 😘 😘 
hahaa z bii alcoolique leu :( ! ay bons la sokhla 
i never have anyone to go out with :/ 😿 
been at work since six and i don't get off until 6 p . m . fml i'm so tired already :( and i still have 8 hrs and 40 minutes boo 
damn i wanna listen to music in the shower so bad 😔 #deafboyprobs 
i wish there was a guide app for cable :( 
wayy to cold this morning in tucson . should not be at work right now :( 
my mom seemingly likes to wake me up on critical mornings ugh 😔 
jus finish eattin && i wnt sum more to eat :( #sad 
what a shitty paycheck :( guess i'm only getting one christmas present pair of shoes today 👎💵👟 
USERNAME im so sorry . :( text me if u need anything 
the power just came back on but that means no food on campus . no chick-fil-a for another hour :( 
USERNAME , tu q esta en el area medicinal , porq entre mas tarde uno come , ma hambre uno tiene en la mañana . 😣 
USERNAME can i join you i need to workout too :( 
where i get my local news (in order ): twitter , google alerts , dcist , ggw , wcp , patch , gazette , post . how about you ? URL 
USERNAME u guys are hanging out in okc . i missed the concert :( 
ahh imma miss the football game :c USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME fuck shit up c: 
wish USERNAME and USERNAME were home this weekend 😏 😔 
USERNAME :( when are yall coming out to visit again ? 
USERNAME that's the worst :( plenty of tea & get better soon mike ! 
USERNAME my white girl booty just doesn't cut it for him 😞 
god only knows why ... i hope everything's ok ... :'( 
the day i can sleep until 1 i would naturally wake up at 9… :( 
USERNAME it's just a birth control implant , but my arm is super sore and still a little swollen :( 
USERNAME and he's bruised up ... :( kind of like his forehead has a huge bruise , it's like a huge bump 
USERNAME remember the gold binge in your apartment for a whole summer though 😢 good times 😪 
USERNAME lol haha thats fine and that would be ammazing ... if i had mula :( 
i miss the brennans so so much right now . sigh . :( 
USERNAME hearts a stereo is on , aw i miss you futon ): 
busy busy day a work :( (@ savvy hair gallery) URL 
USERNAME lmaoo omg i wanna :( (( i have to its like a ritual 
2 years today .. rip gramma hartman . still can't believe your gone .. but i guess its life . love & miss you . :'( 
already miss him :( @ la crosse , wisconsin URL 
ive been spending the last 8 months thinking all love ever does is break and burn and end 💔 
oh my gosh ! i thought i'm fine na . this morning having breakfast i throw up all the the food i ate . :( 
i feel so bad for the mail man my dogs torment him :( 
i'm caught up in the middle i cry just a lol when i think of letting go <3 # 😞 
USERNAME ugh ! ! no ! ! ! ! 😭 
USERNAME i wanted to go to rumor to see anthony santos 😢 
i don't wanna go to work . i'm so tired and sore ! #fuckmylife 
my phone went from booming to like dry as fuck in like ten minutes . 😔 . 
the fact that i have to get up to go take shower <<<< #noenergy plus my house freezing :( 
how come when i charge my phone in the mornings and at night it charges fast but in the middle of the day it's a different story ? ): 
i want to read but it's too dark and i'm not leaving my bed :( 
i hate knowing that something is going to happen , and i can't do anything about it 😣 
on long island , kids are working at all these business's , down south it's adults working dead end jobs :( 
pretty sure benton and my dress are the only part of my wedding that's still mine . :( #shouldhavehaditinflorida #notfunanymore 
i wish my skin wasn't so effed up . :( come on , its been like 10 years already . USERNAME 
USERNAME dang i'm ready to go ! ! i have to call in sick :( #novoice 
$40 of gas in 2 days now $30 and it half full #fml 
USERNAME i dislike too .. thanksgiving needs to hurry up and come bc i need you :( 
went to sleep early last nite ... this has been a long , exhausting week 😔 
i had a new cup to add to my selection until mr . poopell threw it away 😥 USERNAME URL 
USERNAME can you come over early ? i need to wrap my hair :( 
i will never be the daughter my mom wants me to be ! 😔 😥 
USERNAME why didn't you go last night ? ? :( 
anyone have a us cellular phone they wanna get rid of ? :( 
so we lost to alvarado 55-0 :( that was our chance to go to play offs ! :/ .... 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :c for the birthday boy i guess 
methodist just call me back already ! this wait is too intense ! :( 
turning on my new phone .... have no idea what it will do to my twitter account :( 
i miss my sisters ex boyfriend 😔 he's basically been my brother for the past 5 years 
easy 4 hours of work ... worst job ever ... i just wanna hangout with my friends :( 
i really need to go to the grocery store 😢 
still sick .. 😭 😷 someone come take care if me ! #sickling #pathetic 
USERNAME sorry :( now i feel bad , bad llama 
just found out my best friend/brother is moving to la tmrw 😢 #cantbelieveit 
i can't even stay up past 11 anymore . it makes me upset . :c 
i have no clue wht im goin 2 wear 2 c USERNAME 2nite :-( 
USERNAME why can't they fly my way :( #foreveralone lmao 
i ride the struggle bus every damn saturday #lobys #fridaynights #fml 
i feel so sick :( i don't want to go to work 
USERNAME there was a meeting ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! i didn't know that :( 
i had a dream that i got shot in the leg by .... idr :( 
USERNAME hindi mo nga rin nababasa yung tweets ko pag nag private ako eh 😭 
there's no reason for me to be up this early . 😔 
gonna make mom go to panera with mee even tho she hates it 😔 #whatthefuck 
i remember last year , on new years my mom , grandmom & me started crying because of my uncle </3 i miss him 
it's the worst feeling to feel left out or like you betrayed someone . 😰 😥 😔 
wasted all my time on you for fucking nothing #thanks 😞 
have a good day at work 😁rt USERNAME omw to work , what joy 😞 
USERNAME and btw ... where were u ? supposed to be celebrating my birthday . :( i had a blast though ! 
USERNAME needs to get off me an wake up :( 
i remember now ... that i saw her and i just wanted to hug her , but she wouldn't let me , no matter how many times i went back to try to :'( 
finally got my banana pudding i ate a big ass chunk of it to .. rip to my stomach :( URL 
USERNAME ehh :( you didnt get introuble or anything did you ? 
home = somewhere people that love you live . somewhere you can feel safe . somewhere i wish i could escape too for an hour ...... :'( 
i can't wait to be home , so i can sit around and play my guitar loud . i miss my amp 😥 
why am i up this early 😣 😞 😒 😔 
old emotions , bouta break down . i need to leave . 😢 
brinqinq baqk memories cusx disx da month he died in nov .12,2011 :( tears 
feeling super awk in USERNAME bed but no ifey :( 
starting today i'm working till friday #thisisgoingtobethelongestweek #fml 😵 😟 
i have absolutely nothing to do today 😢 i really don't want to sit at home all day either . 
i wanna go to the alumni game with someone 😔 
my dad's always late when we meet . ): URL 
USERNAME you don't talk to me anymore . so yeah . i'm mean . :c 
it's the worst feeling to feel left out and like you betrayed someone . 😰 😥 😔 
USERNAME :( man ! i haven't made it in years ! i almost forgot how lol 
like everyone i follow is in town today and i have no reason to leave the house . :( 
USERNAME oh ok well sorry for whatever is going on in your life :( 
this is the latest i can sleep in 😢 7:27am 
ughh , can it be 8 now ? this is going to be the death of me .& my feet already hurt . hasn't even been 2 hours in since i've been here . #fml 
guy at dd always call my order out before i even tell him 😔 
happy birthday usmc ! ! thank you for your service 😊 can i have my man in my arms now ? stop owning him :( please & thanks . 
damn this sucks . i really wanna go to the game . 😔 
i hate when my body decides it wants to wake up an hour before my alarm clock .... 😞 #idratherbesleeping 
i haven't seen my mom in like a week . 😔 
USERNAME loll je me regale key maiis yenne yii c troop :( ! kharal meu gnow defsi moteur 2 chvaux 
USERNAME yo , i lost your number .. haha 😔 
USERNAME omg . that makes me sick 😢 and extremely pissed ! i hope they find who did this . 
USERNAME i can only vote once a day for u :( , lol 
dang we can't have our bbq near the garage cans 😞 #nott 
i can't decide to change my avi lol wtf 😔 
USERNAME oh gosh . 1. i freaking adore you . 2. i have an outsiders perspective , (not so much advice) if you'd like it . 3. i'm sorry :( 
woke up this morning and the entire right side of my face is swollen up to my eye :( 
smh , now i gotta go to my dads and let these damn dogs out 😞 
this is the longest amount of time i have had to go without talking to USERNAME 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 #justwanttotext 
USERNAME ty ! i miss you :( and i won't be home during thanksgiving break to see you either :( 
USERNAME just had a dream about you . miss you 😔 
work at noon . whyy ! ! ! ! ! 😔 
i don't think i've ever felt this sick . i hope i get better by tonight .. 😣 
i'm sleepy :( but i have to start getting ready for USERNAME show later . #sleepy 
USERNAME u shtill owe me > :( but yeahh i gotchu 
my family is so mean to my cat . 😿 
catch #templetuff online before coming over to the game (video ): URL URL 
:( ((((((((((((((((((( rt USERNAME im just ready to see my sissy ! 
prolly not going to get black ops 2 until christmas 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i wish i could go back to elementary school .. things were much simpler then 😔 
USERNAME i havent talked to you in a week :( i miss you babe <3 
i just ready to get this over with mann .. ill bbl :( 
USERNAME lol r u r talking to yourself ? coz i should study too :( 
i really don't wanna move ... 😣 😢 😭 😥 😨 
USERNAME i'm so jealous 😣 you better snatch him so i can meet him 
b . r . a . t . diet #fml 🍌🍚🍎🍞 
i swear my family lose somebody ever week ... rip uncle jessie ! 💔 
USERNAME thank you lol you should of been there . but know i have to catch up on all my class and homework . </3 :( 
ill be pissed if i lost it .. last time i lost 30songs i wrote :( 
the fact that my parents left me yet again . <<< 😔 the fact that they left me the truck . >>> 😏 
i would make a cinegram ... if my life wasnt so boring 😞 
it's like wishing for rain as i stand in the desert 😔 
got my hand slammed in the door last night #fml hurts like a bitch 
just found out that my aunt is on life support :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME that would be amazing .... seeing how he only follows sidney and i cryed when she told me ): 
i wish i could stay home and be a bum with my brother all day & watch tv , but i can't . i have to work until 6 :o o ! 📺 😔 😩 
USERNAME nobody wanted to go . i didn't want to go alone :-( 
USERNAME ugh this is how i feel but i'm sick , :-( hope your day gets better hun 
it's so weird how everyone's getting their licenses like what happened to being a freshman 😥 #littlebabies #allgrownup 
USERNAME lmao ! all of these tweets are making me want some :( 
USERNAME i would ! ! ! but i have to work :( 
... i just got a craving for the melting pot . ): 
USERNAME yupp . i cant get in . im not 18. 😔 lol 
the only girls missing last night was sammie and michelle :( 
living with someone who complains all of the mothafucking time is not what's up right now . #fml the long way ! 
the only time i hate my height is when i can't reach food in a cabinet or on top of a refrigerator & i gotta stand on something to get it 😔 
3 days till black ops 2 and my ps3 is broken .. 😩 😭 💔 
i know i sold out on some people 😞 but i was at the dealership all night & then last min plans came up 
USERNAME yeah i got a month ! but it ends next week :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i didn't even think about fat friday ! ! ! :( #sosad #thissucks #fattysforlyfe 
i would really like to be back at home at moejoe's tonight to see USERNAME again ): instead i'm stuck in grand rapids #beer #wine #food 
USERNAME why will my phone not send a text to you :( ((( 
i hate that i cant wear shirts with normal collars , they like choke my boobs & they look humongous ): 
prime example of why i need a hoodie ..... its already 62° outside :( 
just got off the phone with my father in law . i miss him 😥 
it's really cold 😥 loving this weather though . better weather to walk in and run . hope this bus doesn't take too long 
god damn it matt come home already . i need you ): 
USERNAME lucky ! c'est froid ici . -.- c'est tres froid pour jogging et tres chaud pour neige ! ugh ! je n'aime pas le whether . :( 
i burnt two beef patties not 1 but 2 :'( 
i got a slight sore throat 😔 😫😷😤 😖 😬 😕 😠 
so i have to cut down on my sugar intake .. is that even possible 😭 
my dad just sent me a picture of a dead baby seal on the beach in cali . #imgunnacry #sosad 😢 🐬 
i wish i wouldve seen USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME last night ! ): 
so nobody goin to say good morning to me . . . . . kool ! 😑 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME my boy tommy legit gets retweeted by tfk a lot . i do photography for them but i still don't . :( lol 
USERNAME cause it has a salvaged title and we can't get a loan for it from the bank :( 
brunettes will never understand the sorrow that comes with getting mascara in your hair 😔 
its times like this i wish i had my license .. :( 
it's my last day here 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
when you drink milk forgetting that it makes you feel sick -_- #fml 
USERNAME will you please please please please grow your hair out again :( i miss your xfactor hair . but i'd live u either way 
of course as i'm listening to music on shuffle plays :( 
USERNAME USERNAME that's so sad for all of the teachers and their families , it's scary and it just shouldn't happen . i'm sorry :( 
i need a killa breakfast sandwich right now ... too bad i only eat bacon from pierre's and that's an hour away 😣 
USERNAME i think this weekend i'm not sure cause we have nothing packed up yet 😔 
may i add i've never worked a double at this job 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME no :( i kept thinking it was tomorrow , i made plans for tonight already :/ 
i'm so sick . i can't quit coughing :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME they’re missing a few essential names on there though :( 
north london derby next week . i'm already stressed out about it . 😢 😳 
USERNAME unfortunately no :'( i felt like cryin last night ! i wanted to go so freaking bad ! i wish i did :( 
seriously can't believe how much people can change . #sadtweet 
USERNAME the harder days for me :'( but i'll get through it , ya know . 
just seen this guy wearing a shirt with on it ! assuming his gf died on #oct28 ! ! man that's hard to take :( ! ! too many deaths ! 
sad sad morning i lost my pipe last night :( (( 
s t a r v i n g 😳 😞 😶 
why am i awake so soon ? ? ? :( 
can i just go back to sleep ? > :( 
USERNAME i hate you . i'm only 5 mins from you and i'm dying right now .. come on ... 😢 🙏 😘 
i swear i need a fucking car since no one is ever nice enough to drive me anywhere 😔 😒 
at least my boyfriend is a mechanic ..... poor nikita </3 
USERNAME no problem . 😁 i miss you and USERNAME 😫 😖 😭 
feels like a piece of mii 💔 jus left . 
USERNAME omg we used to do that all the time ! ! i miss those days :( 
USERNAME nah , too cold this am plus had some errands and now cleaning house :( hope there are some good games on later ? 
prayers out to a old friend victor , pictures of him in the hospital with his throat slit open but still alive . god watch you 😔 🙏 
kinda jealous of anyone going to the justin bieber concert… 😞 
a women just told me i look 16. i'm 23 😞 
fml ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! forgot to record the loretta lynn's amateur championship before i left ! ! ! ! ! ! #motoprobs #fml 
USERNAME i have no one to go with 😔 🔫 
bathroom is clean but had to mop the floor on my hands and knees . #fml #thatsucked 
all i wanna do is sleepy internal alarm won't let me ... #sleepy 😔 😞 😴 
:( just wana qo home ... but even there i dnt wana b its to depressing 
i don't even remember the last time claud offered me money 😢 
USERNAME it’s going pretty good . slowly getting healthier . lost 30+ pounds and stuff . and no , it hasn’t snowed yet :( 
USERNAME i know ! ! ! 😣 i don't wanna move ! ! ! ! ! 
my sister and niece are going back to pheonix today :( 
mi babe will be out of town working today 😔 😢 😥 ... #sadtweet 
when sofia comes out of the barn and she's a zombie omg 😭 😪 😥 😓 #thewalkingdead 
in need of new piercings ! buy me some :( 
someone come bring me ice cream . i can't get up ... :( 
all i wanna do is sleep but my internal alarm won't let me ... #sleepy 😔 😞 😴 
good morning san francisco ! time to get up & packed :( 
i wish i was with my b 😭 😭 😭 
the fact that my curls like practical fell out already :( :( no bueno 
step three(bonus ): eat all the fucking honey bbq fritos in my house 
USERNAME <3 aww :'( you're making me blush ! :( i love you monkey . 
USERNAME sorry not sorry . (; haha , no i do feel bad . ): 
it sucks to leave your child home while he's sick and you have to go to work 😥 
i often wonder if the world will see me more then just a ghost that needs to be spitted with insults ? #depression 
USERNAME working , but need to sort something out with the host . otherwise , no site :( 
my thoughts and prayers go out to the young couple who lost their lives in oxford last night and their 2 year old son </3 so sad :( 
i didn't think USERNAME was awake so i didn't beep when i went by her house 😔 
hmphh i don't want to sit home all day :( 
i hate seeing 88% on my phone . make me think of you and summer and everything we had .. #sadtweet 
USERNAME oww it makes me so sad everything's happened while i've been away 😢 have an amazing night babes ! have a drink on me ! we will 
i wish i had the life of blake lively :( 
USERNAME text me qt . i don't have your number anymore 😔 
i hate always wondering if i'm good enough ... 😔 👎 
bbq ribs , mac & cheese and greens .. served at work for lunch ! full af ! wish i could lay down right 😔 
mom was like and then never replies ... fine , didn't wanna see you anyways 😔 
i got my foot pj's on & a pull over . i'm still fucking freezing :( 
there is no sleeping in for me anymore :( not even on the weekends . ugh 
i don't like being single cause you breakup with somebody that you really love you can't neva forget them 😔 
three more weeks .. and bye-bye t-town .. 💔 😔 
double today ! ! ! i'm tired just thinking about it , great ! :( 
omfg ! ! ! in #5months i'll be 20 holy f**k ! ! ! where did my teen years go wahh :'( xx 
USERNAME sorry ): it's chillen in my room ! with hiss biggaass nose hahah jk 
USERNAME the braves lost david ross ! ! ! ! :( (( 
if i could keep food down , i'd be fine . #sadtweet lol 
i really want to go to the marine corp ball :( 
USERNAME love is a roller coaster and so is it career just because 1 is going faster doesn't mean the other one stops USERNAME 💜 ❤ 💔 
turned my phone off at like 12:45 last night couldn't deal with anything anymore . :( 
vermaelen is not good 4 that wing at all :( 
USERNAME not so beautiful from an arsenal fan's perspective #fml 
i've been thinking do much for the past week . 😞 
can y'all give me this for my birthday lmao 😭 😭 😭 URL 
USERNAME noo ! ! ! ! ! don't leave me :( 
so i had a dream that me and a few people were chilling at my house , and USERNAME pushed me down the stairs . :c 
around the time that i lost my true love 😣 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME oh my godd i was like not even 2 feet away from her watching the game last night ... so awful omg 😭 
USERNAME ugh why :c it's just a higher level lol fml what do i do ! 
omg my great grandma died 😭 😭 😭 we were supposed to go see her this summer for her birthday 😭 😭 😭 
woke up feeling like i got punched in the eye ! :c 
; about to get up & ' start my essays 👎 😔 
USERNAME i have lots to do ! lol it will probably drag into tomorrow too :( 
USERNAME you're growing up way too fast for me ! ! sorry i can't be there :( but know you'll play well & lead your team to another big win ! ❤ 
commcaasstt ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
hailey is going to be a tit suck and not ride the rides tonight . i need a riding partner . screw you hailey . > :( 
USERNAME USERNAME funny thing is it still works ! so idk what's wrong with your phone and ours 😞 
“USERNAME this is beautiful 💙 💜 URL but it looks like its burning :( 
come on don't send me a pow alert for 1in of fresh snow 😔 
USERNAME :( next time it's your night ! just .... not at my apartment for a while hahah 
USERNAME miss seeing you too 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 #sadsad 
USERNAME come back to gap i miss you already :( #sadpanda #singingalone 
USERNAME i wish i was there to see you ! :( 
USERNAME it's not even close to us though , it's way up north 😔 
USERNAME its so sad , from what i heard it sounds like it mightve been better than sunday ! :( 
the moment when you think you send a text and you didn't 😒 😣 
saturdays are the best days in the city its so quiet and the weather is nice and i'm stuck in my apartment writing a term paper :( 
USERNAME gaahh noo :( okay ... lets plan it for later in the afternoon once we actually have a little bit more lol 
i have never been this sick in my whole entire life . i feel awful . 😞 
& you take for ever to text me back </3 
i'm up . it feels weird not waking up next to claire bear ): #imissher #kairosbuddy 
marisa's sister just liked my picture on instagram from the other side of the room 😔 
waah my stomachs killing me i really dont wanna go to work :( 
USERNAME yes bby but i don't have a nook . :( 
i enjoy hunting and would be proud of a deer i shot , but for some reason seeing dead deer on the side of the road is the worst ! 😢 
USERNAME i kinda did at first but you don't love me anymore so i think i might change my mind :( 
i am convinced there is a ghost in my room because my dad fix my door but it still continues to open unannounced 😳 😳 😰 😭 😱 
it's so sad seeing how fine everything was 2 weeks ago down the shore and then seeing it now :( 
wish i had 1k followers :'( can you all make that possible for me please ? ? rt this for me 
USERNAME you were killed in my dream last night ... :'( #nomorescarymovies #nomas 
it's not even sunny today and being my last day here , i kinda wanted a tan ! 😢 😢 #limitedtime ! ! 
i don't wanna be home alone :( #maria just doesn't do it for me anymore 
only got four hours of sleep .. ya , fuck that . i'm gonna be a bitch today ): 
USERNAME USERNAME sorry guys i fell asleep , it was way past my bed time :( 
today is going to be a long ass day ! 😔 😔 😔 😔 
ughh i really need to go pay my car note but it's soo far 😣 
USERNAME i would love to ! but i am at work :( i got two shots yesterday . best day ever . 
not doing club volleyball because my mom wants me to do basketball . #hatethis . :( 
i feel like i got hit by a bus . 😭 
realizing that a life can only last so long , and some of our expiration dates are closer than others #sadtweet 
USERNAME you should but i don't have a ride for you ): 
USERNAME ugh , i'm working tonight but without you ... 😥 i want to gossip with you ! we have so much to talk about . i'm not happy . 
ive spent this entire morning looking at pictures of the ocean and surfing and nature ): #homesickaf #getmeoutofhere 
gonna have a good saturday . even though it'll be dark by the time i get off work cuz we extended our weekend hours :( #stayingpositive 
i wanna see USERNAME ! brakes my heart that she's not coming down today 😔 😞 😢 😪 😥 😰 😩😫 😓 
so far USERNAME has had diarrhea and puked this morning ... someone got their full $20 worth at rugby trivia ! ! #ew #yuck # :'( 
someone , anyone ... hang out with me today :( 
wish i was in az for for homecoming . :( (((( <\3 
USERNAME :( that's not good ! you need that shut eye ! 
USERNAME trust me , if you lived here you would hate it to . i miss snow :( 
USERNAME i am :( i'd throw up and die but i love horseback riding :( 
i won't be speaker with USERNAME today :( #madaboutit #wehavefun 
watching harry potter in bed makes me even more sad my dad didn't come 😢 
the hardest question to answer a friend is she's cute , for you ! #fml 
USERNAME lmfao forreal ! i need my xbox :( wed snap . we needa make a new mexicans run on halo 4 ! lmao 
so mad i had to leave for dance practice and miss the ending of the lion king :( (( 
- ok if i love you alo t.t hen i would not give a 2 fucks if you talk alot , but if i just met you and you talk a lot . then bitch you gotta go 
USERNAME i just woke up so i didn't get to see shell belles 😭 
USERNAME i'm at her house sir just at new york :( 
ion feel good :( ,. it feel like somebody been choking me in my sleep . 
USERNAME thank-you si ! ! ! ! ! ! i miss and love you to ! ! ! should of come today :( 
really stoked about the #fireflynov11 special . best early birthday gift ever . thanks , USERNAME if only i had cable :( 
longest three hour commute home ... ever ...... didn't have my ipod :( 
, not texting the person you would check your phone every 5 minutes for 😔 < 
USERNAME aww i miss you too 😔 i haven't seen you in months . #literally 
#oomf always at work and cant text me back :( , 
the sweater i wanted is 20 dollars . @ h&m but i don't have $20 😭 😭 😭 😭 please bless me with money 
USERNAME we can relive the memories when we go to new york . but with comfy shoes ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i miss you ! haven't seen you in a long time :( USERNAME 
it hurts to think about that we suppose to be playing today in the championship 😔 
i miss you guys :'( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
delighted to see berbatov scoring once again . i miss him . :-( 
i fucking found it and didnt even get a prize 😔 
i can barely translate from spanish to english ! :( URL 
work is about to suck today if i'm in this much pain when i start :( 
USERNAME yes you should . and i'm still in buffalo . :-( 
watchhill to check out the damage .. hoping it's not bad :( ! 
maybe it's a good thing i'm single ... 😞 #toodangbusy 
why does twitter keep unfollowing random people ! stop 😞 
USERNAME i miss you a lot 😩 💔 💔 💔 
i wish my toe was better i want to go run soo bad :( (((( 
i really don't wanna go to this basketball tournament today ... 😔 🔫 
had like 4 hours of sleep and have to work 😞 😣 💤 
USERNAME wait , what ? u back in philly already ? ! 😒 😞 
USERNAME sorry ma :-( i know at the bow , this was ur handle lol 
USERNAME hahaha it's so true though ! like it feels weird without you and michael and cristian ! :( #allalone 
merp , i wanna go back ! 😔 #hadtoomuchfun #ourlittleadventures #comebacktome @ the london west hollywood hotel URL 
USERNAME hahahahaha no me too ! it made me sad :( 
#thefunniestpersoniknow my brother and USERNAME they keep me rolling 😭 😭 
i hate when i read a message at night and fall asleep before i can reply .. 😞 😠 
USERNAME tell me bout it .... bed little after 4 ... morning meeting at 7😪 😔 😞 
USERNAME yea i know mister never pay attention to me 😞 😢 
i need to start getting ready , gotta head to the bank then work 😞 
USERNAME it was awful :c and all my neighbors got taken also and i didn't really have anywhere to go 
USERNAME i still leave the room when mufasa dies :( #favoritemovie 
trying to make the best out of a bad situation sucks :-( 
this one nerd get more notifications and messages than me 😿 i'm forever a loser lmao 
somebody asked if he gonna die ? ;) that's not even suppose to be asked or even considered a possibility ! </3 
welp , another pair of sunglasses are gone . asdfjkl . 😡 😞 
idgaf im cry so much when my baby leaves ! :'( like whos gonna buy me wendys and mcdonalds ? :'( 
can someone bring me an iphone charger to the library please 😔 
i'm a mess today . just gonna watch netflix all day . 😔 
gotta get my sax but i don't feel like walking to byrnes and going in that basement 😔 
USERNAME lol okay ! ! well my boss comes in at 3 soo after that i cant use my phone :( but plan 745 ? cause most likely . 
sir .... i had 10 :( me no feel good USERNAME #youandmeneedtohang 
my mom just reminded me what road were on ... 😣 
USERNAME eww . i'm sorry . :( i have the weekend off . lucky me ! 
i hate when you wake up & your stomach is perfectly flat , but you know it's gonna blow up when you start eating . 😒 😔 
fuck man being here is bringing back so many memories :( 
USERNAME USERNAME hey kay u gonna pay cause u didn't say hey to ant :( lol 
you doit the way you doit and ill ........ doit this way :( ( lol ! 
omg it's 11 and i'm still not out of bed :( 
i miss USERNAME , :( this was my nigga ! pop tarts & cheating off of leo #1sthourmemories 
i should go talk to my mom , but i don't wanna leave my grandma 😔 lol ugh 
i got a pumpkin spice latte from sheetz & it wasnt even close to being as good as the one you got me a few weekends ago 😭 USERNAME #why 
wish i didn't go out last night when i thought i was better because now i'm 10 times worse #fml #dying 
USERNAME i left w/ deandre , ricky , & dana .. smoked .. came back & you werent there :( 
i love u big brother . happy 20th birthday gangsta ❤ 😭 
fact that im getting an mri today<< scaryy shit 😞 
USERNAME i wish i could ... but i live in america :( 
i fell asleep with my make up on 😖 my eyes were burning this morning 😩😩 😭 😭 
wish i had 1k followers :'( can you all make that possible for me please ? ? rt and make that happen for me please ! 
good morning , ☁⛅☀, my hair is overwhelming 😞 @ home URL 
😳 david ross is gone ! 😭 wtf braves ! ! ! 
its soo cold and our heater wasnt on last night ! 😦 😔 ☁❄ some coffee will be nice ! ☕ 😊 @ bj's coffee co . URL 
USERNAME thanks . you just went thru the same thing so i know you can relate . it's hard bc he seems ok but i know he is far from it :( ( 
USERNAME i'm sorry ! :( i'll be back soon my love 
USERNAME :( same ! i actually really miss band lol bc i never see anyone anymore :( 
i cant sit here ans expect you to be with me when im not sure who i really want :( 
USERNAME that's how i feel about my dog bruzer . i'd be so heart broken if i ever lost him in any way . lol 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i feel so sick 😦 i just want to die . 
i hate reading something and having my stomach drop :( 
:( i got called fat yesterday and ugly today . i guess be real :/ #sadface 
great my nebulizer quit working right in the middle of an asthma attack . i'm screwed . :'( 
USERNAME my b :( well what are you doing today ? 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME why are your tweets private :( i wanna retweet that 
i hate sitting at practice not being able to play :( #rehab #strainedmuscles #thissucks 
i need a freakin job . 😔 any ideas ? 
nothin much .... jerry got mad at dante and i :( 
USERNAME not :'( all the more reason to get turnt af tonight . r u going ? ? 
USERNAME goodmorning casper .. im glad your showing your self .. :'( smh i call u last night , obviously your phone off . :/ 
im definitely being punished for having a good time lastnight . ) ): #idontwannagotowork #3hrsofsleep #imgonnadie 
USERNAME omgg i lovee snoww ! we just had snow , but it melted :'( 
when he sends me things like this <<<>>>>> 💔 URL 
gausidnrbehussjdkif so boredd🙈🙉🙊💀👽💩🔥✨🌟💫💢💦💧✨💨👀💢👅💧👄👍👎👎👊✊👋✋👐👆👇👉👈🙌🙏☝👏💪🚶🏃💃👫👪👪👭💏💑👯💅💇💆🙋💁🙅🙆👰🙎🙍🙇🎩👑👒🛁👟👞👡👠👢👙👔👟💼👙👗👘🎽👖💼👜🌂👝🎀👛👓 💛 💗 💙 💔 💙 ❤ 💜 💚 💓 💋 💙 💌💕💘💖💞💭💍🐌🐌🐌🐌🐌🐌🐌🐌 
USERNAME awee true :( sounds like you went to war lol 
damm .. memories are what hurt you the most 😔 
USERNAME otayy i have to tell you something 😳 😣 #beready 
got so much homework to do & i haven't went to sleep yet 😔 
sometimes i think you want to be with your friends more than me . #depressed 
USERNAME aww 😢 don't get down on yourself ! when i heard you were gonna be on my team i was freaking out cuz evryone said how good you are ! 
coming to the realization that i won't be able to get my eyebrows done before disney cause nothing is open 😞 
USERNAME . wow isn't that just peachy . another way these addicts can get their drug . send the kid to the docs and take their meds . :-( 
love being home , but i do miss my trinity friends 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm only 12 though . :( oh ill pretend to be connie 
my baby nt feeling good &&' i cnt be there to take care of her :( 
USERNAME bruises and cuts all over my back , booty and legs :( 
i hate that i fell asleep last night . i wanted to talk to him . and phone calls are all we have .. :( and he's busy today 
USERNAME the hours are fine and its a decent shift , but shoes ! ? i hate working there , it's like being in a cage . 😭 😫 
USERNAME aw i'm sorry :( i had to work at 10 bit i'm out now lol one hr work day ftw 
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you realize the song billy beane's daughter sings in moneyball is a real song . i just thought she was talented :( 
work is already busy n it's not even noon yet #awesome #fml 
#sometimesiwonder why the fuck are you here ? ! ? ! ? 😕 😦 👎 
USERNAME jajajajajaja tonto ! ! ! :( lo extraño jaja 
i want to eat everything right now and there is literally no food in my apartment 😿 
celery is probably the nastiest thing ever 👎 😭 🚫 
why do i always have the worst dreams after having perfect nights ? 😖 😭 😔 
USERNAME im sorry . ): what managers were theree ? 
saturday afternoon live greyhound racing (all time's et ): palm beach 1:00pm , pensacola 1:00pm , daytona beach 1:05pm cont . 
it's crazy how one person can make u feel like complete shit :-( 
dada broke my ear ! ! ! ! i can bearly hear :( 
wish i was going home for thanksgiving ju . 😒 😔 
USERNAME there wasn't an emoji for a cinnamon bun :( 
USERNAME i only have the app on my phone . i got it to listen to the games while i'm at work . but the video doesn't play all that well . 😞 
USERNAME haha . why not ? 😕 that's not nice 😔 
think i broke my pinky toe . can't wear my new shoes . 😭 
USERNAME i know :( i was so excited ! ! ! 
USERNAME i'm jealous ... the us fans miss out ! ! ! 😢 but i still love you ! ! ! 😘 
there is a spot in my heart that will never belong to anyone else but you . 😞 
“USERNAME it’s a #halo4 kinda night: did a co-op mission w/ USERNAME and now war games time with USERNAME jealous ! no xbox on tour ! :( 
i hope i don't have a repeat of how i felt last night again tonight :( 
it's 8am but i'm still tired and i feel like crap :( 
i feel really weird at the moment ... like something's missing . i haven't seen my friends in like ages ! ☹ 
this orientation is draggin . 2 hours down , 3 more to go 😣 
just found out my brother USERNAME won't be home for christmas :( you're killing me ! 
it is 56 degrees in phoenix . it's 51 at home . :( 
tommy's at work , moms going to work , sisters at work , i just got off work and dad wit answer my call . what am i gonna do today ? 😔 
s/o to the most terrible friendd anyone could ever have .... USERNAME 😏 💔 😏 
cronin telling shepardson off .. she really was the best ! #resteasy :( URL 
lost 5 followers , wish i had 1k followers :'( can you all make that possible for me please ? ? rt this for me 
fuck :( i just got person bellowed . shit ! ! 
going to the apple store to see if they can save my macbook 😞 
i'm sorry not even there n dj asleep since night shift :( 
im walking to the lib wishing i could be at the game instead :( #medtechprobz 
USERNAME aww ! ! i'm sorry for your loss . my heart goes out to you and mr . jerry's family 😢 😢 😢 
even my little brother doesn't want to hang out with me . #sadtweet 
USERNAME that sucks so bad i'm sorry . :( mono can go be a loser somewhere else lol 
friends- have had phone issues and deeply sorry for not catching up sooner :( my new phone is en route and will catch up soon ya all 
but when r u coming back to usa ,(tour) heard u were here ages ago . :( 
my mom brought up my brothers death &' i poured into tears 😔 😥 😭 💔 
letting my 3rd cartalidge piercing close today . :( #soccerproblems 
USERNAME ha ! lames don't even come around me .. & love don't even live here homey 😊 💔 
i think this is the first day at school for the last two years that me and USERNAME won't be together all day #sadtweet 
i want him to be forever mine , mine . but eventually that's never gonna happen . i guess it's over . 😞 
the clean up process is my least favorite part . :( @ terra escential , llc URL 
didn't get my jordan's they sold out at fairlane that shit bold 😢 
work flow ... then later with my boo thang ... that much needed ” girl talk” -- danielle (USERNAME should be @ kevin hart wit mee ! :( 
USERNAME just because you ask doesn't mean you receive ! 😞 
USERNAME girl i was lazy and feel asleep watching netflix ! soo fun ! ! 😔 
i'm not excited for christmas cause i'm probably not getting shit 😔 👎 
i feel bad for what my dad has to go through 😔 
USERNAME just know how to make mofos feel bad dont ya :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm pretty upset that i didn't receive any drunken calls or pictures :( 
my boo ran over a bunny last night while taking me home :( 
my gurl actin crazy ta me :( bt i luv her doe 
i always lose my voice in nightmares , especially the ones i'm getting kidnapped in :c 
leggings , nike hoodie , hair from lastnight 😭 #ratchetatitsfinest #tiredaf 
USERNAME my display screen is going out , so i have to replace it :( 
USERNAME USERNAME when r we gonna hang out again 😔 
kevon is in soo much fckin pain it hurts me to see him this way 😭 
i can't wait to go to college foreall but i love my family at bethel , it's gonna be one bittersweet day when i graduate 😔 
USERNAME hahahah i cant tommorow but yeah u have two pages so far :( yikes ! 
i seriously cannot believe that USERNAME and USERNAME broke up . no no no . i will not #believe until i hear it from one of them 😭 😫 💔 
USERNAME imagine how i feel being in college and looking like a freshman :( 
USERNAME it's not as good as the first one .. :( 
everyone please watch out for motorcycles ! my husband's cousin was killed in a motorcycle accident last night ! :( 
USERNAME i knew your ass was gone say some dumb shit . lol . but my shirt like that shrunk ): 
USERNAME i texted you and you ain't text me back 😔 😥 
apria healthcare #nursing #job : home infusion nurse l (per diem ): st . rose , la ( #st . rose , la) URL #jobs 
why doesn't anyone want to buy my things i'm going to jump off a bridge if i can't go to this concert :( (((((((( 
USERNAME i love rugby now and just wanna play but i can't :( 
USERNAME all the way until my flight to dallas at 9:48 tomorrow morning . :( 
#nursing #job alert: home infusion nurse ll (per diem ): lenexa , ks | apria healthcare | #lenexa , ks URL #jobs 
en route to scc to take a nys teaching exam 😣 
my boyfriend is at chuck e cheese's and i'm at freaking work #bitter #sojealous ! ! ! ! ! 😯 😦 
someone wanna go eat breakfast with me ! ? 😔 
god dammit im gonna cry . macklemore sold out for tonight :'( dammit 
so .. i think i grind my teeth together when i sleep . because my jaw always hurts in the morning 😔 😣 
#roger bh has got worse day by day after cincinatti . :( 
USERNAME takde .. sbb tu lah kite ckp cmtu . huhu t.t 
hmm , what to do since club is over . #sadtweet 😔 
USERNAME oh ... well i'm kind of sad now because we're leaving in a few ! :( ( #nobestfriendzooruninstoday 😣 
USERNAME yea , i’ve noticed that . i always get them like hours later when i get on my computer . i’m sorry :( 
ready to get my car back next week .. i've really missed it , believe it or not . :( 
2 months today . rip thomas ... i miss & love you so much ... </3 
USERNAME why that was very nice 😔 😒 😞 😦 👎 
USERNAME i wasn't dedicating it to you , i just said you should listen to it . :c 
waking up an ra is not fun 😧 he's probably tweeting about my ass right now #awkward #sorry 
some day i will understand why you cannot control certain situations :( 
lara . is making us pick up . trash :( wahh 
9 hour shift ahead of me , and i'm literally dying . my nose won't stop running and i'm pretty sure i sound like a man . :( 
i suck at taking fast showers :c i got in at 7:27am &got out at 7:52am 
ughh ' this ima be going to the hospital later if my ear keep hurting like this :'( 
it sucks having to call everyone & telling them what happened 😢 😢 😢 
): i hate when i'm in a talky mood & britt's not here 
USERNAME girl you already know the answer 😔 😔 btw we are getting a trolley for my bday new years weekend , better come ! 
don't want to say my goodbyes but i know you're in a better place 😔 
damn i juss noticedd ima no longer cortez'_keeper :( ( : 
USERNAME good luck with that :( temp is nice though 
i ate so many sunflower seeds last night that my taste buds are bigger and it hurts :( 
i know crying won't fix any of this but that's all i can do right now < :'( 
a new day after some sleep ... ya'll lied ... doesn't feel any better 💔 😞 
you guys were everything i hoped for & more ! my favorite musical . 💘🎶 😭 USERNAME paaht @ roxy theater URL 
so tired . i hate saturday class so much #fml (@ oakton community college library) URL 
just finished my last four kicks :( (. may have to go visit USERNAME when i'm in nashville on monday to try the new goodies ! 
USERNAME i miss you too . i won't get there to 21st nite tho :( ) 
USERNAME :( how'd you end up getting home ? i woulda been there in a sec had i not been drinking ! 
why can't my life be like an 80's movie ? 😭 
people offering me drinks & im just like 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i keep thinking that there might be a chance i could be USERNAME one less lonely girl .. but it won't happy :'( 
USERNAME i never get to see the mermen . :( 
hopefully it will crank i really need my car 😔 
USERNAME oh my goodness what :( i love her she was so young ! what happened :( 
my charger bout to break .. i gotta hold it a certain way for it to charge :( #thestrugglee 
my day just went from good to bad that fast ): 
USERNAME work man work ): fuk this place plus ur rite it is to early ! 
found some bobby pins in my hoodie at work . :-( little things . 
USERNAME USERNAME i don't feel good 😪 😭 😥 😰 😫 😨 
my phone is so pretty without the case , but without it ... i would have a shattered phone 😞 #iphoneproblems 
how do i manage to wake up with a headache and a sore throat . please don't let me be getting sick ! ! 😥 🙏 
ok msu it's not funny anymore you can accept me anytime now .... 😔 
sad day cause i'm not going to harvest 😢 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME um do you follow me ! ? 😳 😳 😔 
i just can't do day games anymore 😞 #gococks 🐔🐔🐔 
had to say bye to USERNAME for the weekend ... 😞 URL 
i wish zach would wake uup . i'm so bored 😔 
no microwave + yummy food = not happy nisha :( 
USERNAME not allowed to have it . there is a specific guideline you have to follow here :( 
USERNAME im not even gping to the game :( i was gonna sit on yalls side ! :( 
when my mom won't talk to me .... <<<< #sadtweet 
aww my kitty chloe has a sinus infection and has to get a shot :( 
pouting while looking at the tacomas here . i miss my #battruck :( 
i feel like i can't sleep in anymore :( #sadday #nolongerlazy 
USERNAME so i found one of your litres .... but its dead and its the one u painted ! :( 
just walked three blocks from my car only to realize i forgot my fucking wood in it that i came here to cut ! #fml 
i need a new north face , mines getting really small .... 😔 
USERNAME at least you guys got wait listed . i got no classes so i have to go and see if i can try and get in to some :( 
USERNAME i wish i could but sadly i gotta go with the flow here , i miss you though :( 
- me &nd #oomf are like >>> then we're like <<< and then we're confusing &nd we get like <<<>>> then right back to >> ugh ! ): 
USERNAME aww ! i miss you too ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i asked you thee other day and you said you didn't wanna go . :( #sorrytweet 
as soon as i started to type my 11:11 tweet it became 11:12 😞 
ik it couldn't last forever but i thought it would last a little bit longer :-( i miss one of the best guy friends i have ever had 
i don't want my little cousins to leave today :( #sadtweet 
god can someone kill me this isnt good i didn't do anything that he's saying i did 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i’m hoping to make it but i’m sick . :( 
USERNAME im just sad that im wasting my tanning package right now :( 
cant talk to my boyfriend because he has a basketball game ! 😩 💔 #basketballgirlfriendprobs 
i didn't win the 50 mil 😞 😞 😞 #lottomax 
USERNAME bring baby and visit me soon okaay <3 i miss you guys :( 
i really miss los players i talk to them almost everyday but thats not enough i want to see them in person , i want them in front me :'( <3 
haha , i wish you could go to the game . :( 
had the weirdest dreams last night i don't want these dreams 😔 can they please stop ? ? 
i'm so cold my bones are aching . 😭 💨☁🌁⚾🗻 
i'm really kinda dreading this wedding because i don't wanna miss the bama game 😢 
i wish my pooter butt USERNAME was here ... but he left me & went home ! ! ! :( it's okay tho ! <|3 
i need to go to the today show but i know its never going to happen :'( sob 
zombie nightmare last night . woke up crying :( damn you walking dead .. 
pretty funny how i've been tweeting so much about looking homeless and now i actually am l ☹ l 
operator - other - kinder morgan , inc . (knight inc . ): ( #groves , tx) URL #manufacturing #job #jobs #tweetmyjobs 
when you have to drink your hot chocolate with water instead of milk :( i hate my stomach problems 
the thought of me not eating till 4 tho 😣 
USERNAME i was gana come up this weekend but ended up not coming last minute :( either way you're always working ! 
wish i was going to the su game with me bebee 😔 USERNAME 
words can't express how much i miss my momma right now :( 
is it bad that i want to sleep all day :( can't do it . goin on a run 👟 😁 
i'm still half asleep .. oh bed why'd you have to be so comtrable ? ? ! :( 
USERNAME aw :( yeah last night i couldnt breathe at all & my throat hurts so bad . #sickprobs 😷 
well at least he's not suffering anymore , sorry you had to tipper :( , you were the best cat :( #ripbuddy #illmissyou :( 
USERNAME lol no i got a month unlimited but i was trying to get 5 days outta it this weekend :( #badmistake 
either spent or lost all my money last night :( 
i wish my baby luck today on his big fight , try to be safe :/ , i love you . i wish i could be there but i have work :( #jesustakecareofhim 
a girl who can rock a skully >>> i love seing females with that dress your own way style ! makes me wanna tear 😢 😊 
USERNAME i wish ! he covers all 32 teams :-( 
USERNAME you suck ! ha , kayla's calling off on me tonight :( 
well i thought i was takin a quick cat nap ! #restless 😳 😭 👍🙏 
i wanna see littlest pet shop too ! not kidding ! any streams ? :( 
really wish i was going to the bball game today :( 
now im sad again ! i really wanted to see USERNAME and USERNAME today ! ! ! :( </3 
just gonna lay in bed and of course sit here nd think the worst about things like usual ;( i hate being saad #sadtweet #;/ 
im finna go back to sleep .... my tl suck monkey nuts :-( 
USERNAME lol :( rt USERNAME what was your first @ name ? 
i don't know what i want for christmas 😔 and my mom keeps pestering me with questions . 
my throat feels like it got work done on it by satan . :( #pain #sorethroat #sickie 😭 
so sick , i feel like i'm gonna throw up #fml 
USERNAME being a loser ? i hate that trend .. :( 
so sad that the crew that use to be so tight is ruined now 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME we did that last year twice with kev ... sad that i won't be there this year :( 
USERNAME i did but i gave it away . do you ? ! ? ! ? ! 😢 
why do you do the things you do , omg 😞 
wtff 1 hour of sleep and i'm working a double today #fml 
USERNAME i remember i couldnt and i was like this :( now im like 😩😫 😱 😰 😩 😱 😩 😱 😱 😩😩 😓 😨 😷 😭 lol 
i wanna get out the house today but she babysitting ! > :( 
USERNAME i'm obsessed with that and elf and neither of them are on netflix ! i almost cried ! 😢 
why cnt you be with me ? it's been three years </3 
my head is going boom boom boom ): me no like 
USERNAME :( im scared now ! ! ! thanks alot >.< lol 
never been up this early on a saturday but doing it for you pollito 😔 sucks i only get to see him thru a monitor 😠 
USERNAME i want to snug your cats too . :( well id prefer mammi :( 
USERNAME why aren't you coming to fort lauderdale/west palm this tour ? :( 
hate the moments when you realized you have up on something you really should have stuck too .. :( 
i can't believe this is happening right now 💔 😥 
USERNAME is at work all day , what to do :( 
😷 😞 pleasee tell me i'm not getting sick ! 
i miss my mini on the wknds 😞 but he loves his time w daddy ! hahha 💔 
still tried .... smh , i need to go somewhere n sleep for like a week 😔 💤💤💤😴 
USERNAME enjoy the sun , lena . it's snowing & raining here . :( 
bekhand , bekhand keh halam khandeh dareh .... 😞 #nowplaying #mohsenyeganeh 
i love my dad so much . i wish it didn't have to be this way . but i know it's for the better . i never thought this day would actually come 😥 
i don't know what to feel right now .. 😔 
USERNAME you don't have to go hike you & me are in the same boat . another saturday watching her sleep her life away . :( 
happy birthday megan ! ! ! ❤ 😘 🎁 😢 🎈🎂 USERNAME @ st joan of arc carnival URL 
never thought will ferrell could act in a serious movie until i saw this 😔 
hate being sickk . my throat is so sore & dry 😖 😣 😔 
old picture . but i miss my mini me's :'( URL 
sometimes i wish i could play things differently ! find myself managing damage control :( 
just spent $100 on qvc . curse their special values 😣 
of course i would show up to work an hour early #fml 
USERNAME yes of course but stop you're making me tear up bring back all the old times , i miss my across the street neighbors 😭 😭 😭 
why are so many people unfollowing me ? ? this is so lame :'( 
pretty sure my hamster is in a coma . :c c 
so can u guess what cd i’m missing dang :( does this make less of a fan USERNAME i’m just wondering always love u URL 
ella enchanted comes on next ! <3 too bad he isn't here to watch it with me :( 
USERNAME 😭 let's find a tournament to play in ! ! i miss playing with you so much :( 
last football game as an au student . #sosad 😢 🐾🐆⛄ 
he was always the one i turned to to talk too ! ): 
i want you more than i've ever wanted anyone but it takes two and you're still stuck in the past . #gottamoveon 😔 
USERNAME i'm so jealous , i want snow so bad .. ⛄❄ 😔 
thiss talk really getting to me yoo , im boutta cry :'( 
super sad that i can't spend today with USERNAME 💔 happy birthday beautiful ! ! have a fantaastic day . 😘 i miss you ! 
breakfast with my momma before she goes back to phoenix , az :( (@ swede hollow cafe) URL 
i loved telling margie all the stuff she did last night , and she doesn't remember any of it . 😭 #shewasthatgurl 
USERNAME what ? you're not friends with andrea anymore ? ! :( btw i'm sorry for this text 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 there goes our chance 
USERNAME i'm sorry love :( lemme know if you need anything ! 
really wish i was with USERNAME right now ! 😊 😞 
seeing east on fox 5 sports made me so sad 😔 #misshighschooldayz 
sheetz , why you no exist in philly ? 💔 
i wanna go to the mall , but not alone ): 
USERNAME yess ! 😧 4th time in 4 months ! xx 
miss USERNAME ): i forgot to text you . but hit me up tonight . i don't wanna drink but i wanna chill with you ! 
my dad and step-mom just got a divorce ... so now i prolly won't see my sister ever ....... greaat . :( 
USERNAME 😟 💔 it's depressing but tmrw shall be a good time reminiscing 
been 6 months since i got my 2nd cartilage piercing . & i had it out for 24 hours & now its closed ): 
USERNAME and barbs imma need for y'all to start tweeting a little late bcuz i be at work and when i get off i be like :( 😁 i missed it ! 
guess ill be staying at home watching the ole miss game by myself ! 🏈 ❤ 💙 😞 
ugh woke up feeling worse than i did last nite 😔 
my life is soo boring without the sudol family :( 
USERNAME were babysitting the step sibling . 👎 😣 🔫 
USERNAME noo ! :( bleh . i never see you anymore ! 
as usual its a good day , but sad . #miss my dad , today would have been his birthday :( never does a day go by without thinking about him .  
bye bye amazing spider-man :( if only i had enough money to actually buy you on blu ray URL 
USERNAME ugh i don't have a car or i would ! :( 
my cxworx instructor at my #bodypump class means my ass is doing #cxworx #fml 
not a chance :( fulham 3-2 arsenal . what a comeback . still time left though . 
my brother & his friends have turned my living room into a man cave :( the only signs that a girl lives here are my room & the clean dishes . 
USERNAME no i wont ! ! ! im a big baby ! ! ! ! i swear im thinking about canceling ! im scared :( 
that made me kinda sad . i miss my family so much ): 
my hair falls out in the shower so bad ! 😣 😭 
i wanna see yoy again but im stuck in cold weather </3 
i miss my damn brother . we are like batman and robin :( 
USERNAME yep . :c he is so sick and blind ! i hope he dies this weekend 'cause i don't want to see him suffer ! ! :c c 
if i see one more post about food . i'm gonna go off the deep end . i am starving . 😣 
USERNAME crap ! i only work out for 5 - 10 minutes a day ... i only need to tone so i dont do cardio .. i should start tho :( 
that just shows you relationships never last . its sad :( 
well thanks a lot ... you just fucking ruined my day 😡 😔 #fuckyou 
USERNAME wish i didnt work lastnight :( ill hit you up after class ! .. sonce you didnt answer your phone 
USERNAME its crazy to think that i haven't seen you in almost a year… .. :( 
USERNAME now i know i have a heart because its broken 💔 #imsorry 
elope reminds me of antelope and now i'm sad because i don't have one . i also don't have cantaloupe . :( #sadday 
being at bu makes me miss liz and lax :( 
you piece of shit ... how shady could you get ? #hatehard 😣 😭 
#miss my dad , today would have been his birthday :( never does a day go by without thinking about him .  
i stopped at USERNAME ordered a green tea soy latte . she made a chai . then she re-made the green tea with regular milk . bad #starbucks :( 
#sometimesiwonder what would happen if chocolate chip cookies and poptarts didnt exist . :( don't even want to think about it USERNAME 
studying at home is so much harder than studying at school . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME sorry ! love you all have fun without me ! 😢 
how am i supposed to get by without you ? 💔 
my dad prob thinks i'm an alcoholic #rip 12 pack ): 
USERNAME me and your buddy evan williams got into last night ... he won . :( #sadday 
i want donuts & my mother is going to be on the phone for hourss .... :( 
the goal is to not pass out during practice today . #sick #fml 
USERNAME fuck you man ! ! i want some . :( . 
400 bucks to get my windshield wipers to work i'm officially broke two days after getting paid ! 😢 💔 
USERNAME i kind of didn't even do it ! i was going really fast on a turn and inertia took its toll and the cup tilted and spilled :( 
USERNAME what are you doing with your tickets ? ! i feel so bad ): 
USERNAME well i hope u get it back 😔 if not were having a lemonade stand to raise money for a new one 👌 ❤ 💜 
i dont think i'll get to see him today . 😞 
it was sunny the whole time i was here .... now it's raining ... i will miss you too #portland #sadday #leaving URL 
my neighbors dang chainsaw woke me up at nine > :( who needs to saw things at nine in the morning 
USERNAME answer youu poop :( momma harris has to know now ! 
omg someone needs to trim his nails , i'm pretty sure i have a scratch across my face now ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME yeah , i'm going to bury him ! i'm not going to have anymore pets ! ! ! :c 
USERNAME yeah lol he sure was ! ! ! , omg he looks so grown , up :( ( 
USERNAME i am .... just kidding i live in america :( 
taylor swift </3 taylor lautner ; selena gomez </3 justin bieber how can this be possible ? ? 
i'm not good for you , but your no good for me 😔 
flat tire , getting called in , and barely having time for my homework<<<< #notmyday 😔 
make up sex ❤ i'd pick fights just for it but we never fight ... :( ) 
what happens to me the day after working a double :( #ouch URL 
i hate when i need someone to talk to and no one text me back 😢 😥 
USERNAME hope you have a safe trip ! have fun , i’ll miss seeing you this weekend 😔 💜 
it pains me to see everyone talking about asap today 😿 
sometimes , when you feel like giving up , just look back on wat made u try so hard for something u love </3 
have the house to myself while my dads sleeping :( ugh ! 
going to get my hair cut 😁😁😁😁 good bye long hair 😔 
does anyone with brown hair wanna let me use their student id so i can get into the game ? ? i lost mine 😔 
USERNAME oh . :( i was gonna get you to teach me ! 
prince royce makes me get up all in my feelings :( 
USERNAME i know ! but when they make you feel like complete shit it's hard not to :( 
i really want to go to the USERNAME game tomorrow . 😔 
i'm so cold & sleepy . i just wana cuddle up in bed & go back to sleep :( 
i need someone to come watch the last song with me :( i'm watching it all alone 
i can't believe im missing the chaug sports games today 😭 
USERNAME i wish ! :( snake bites on my cartilage ! 
my attempt on waking my boyfriend up .. its not working .. :( URL 
stayed at the hotel last night . had USERNAME pack me a bag and forgot hair product . the day of a 40 thousand dollar site tour . #fml 
USERNAME got no time for a good 'ole buddy #iunderstand 😞 
USERNAME noo :( i hate pain ! ! this is horrible ! ! ! 
so close to eric but not being able to see him 😔 
it's a sad day when USERNAME & USERNAME aren't knocking on my door to reminisce our night #comeback 😩 😭 😩😩 
USERNAME i really just saw this -___- sorry :( ill dm you now 
i hate walking all the way to the middle of campus to eat because marketpoint is closed on weekends :( #ucprobs 
USERNAME fuck that's right u do work at two :( gae 
USERNAME USERNAME :( awee jahhnell your high and your high #babs4pres 
USERNAME ahh :( i'm sorry . that's scary to findout :( 
“USERNAME work till 2 ... i hate the saturday shift :( (@ rider university bookstore) URL @ stockton college bookstore :/ 
literally i woke up super sore from yesterday's track workout 😭 😔 👎🏃💨 
USERNAME i think im late on youre birthday :( , but happy birthday joshhy ! :* hope itwas a good one :* bitthday beats soon ;) 
around this time is when dillon started getting sick & caught stage 4 cancer .. 😢 😩😪 😭 💔 
USERNAME aw dam i ain't een gon b up dere :( 
being one citation away from rule 12 again suck <<<< :( 
USERNAME hard work punishes the body too often ... the factory destroyed my mothers shoulders and feet .. 70 and mostly homebound now :( 
i feel as if i should change my avi now . :( 
running late for work , i look like shit . i dont like my outfit waah :( 
USERNAME not at the bars :( let's play tonight ! ! ! ! ! #loveeyou 
i wish i grew up in the country :( 🐴 
USERNAME damn , i miss you too ashauna ! ! ! ! :( 
filter ? ! 😦 no thanks ! #phuckyafreshcut i love my barber ! ! ! @ huffs barber shop URL 
USERNAME 😔 ikk i mean we birds got to fly right 
jose had to wake me up , now i can't go back to sleep 😞 
my stomach is eating itself USERNAME needs to wake up 😭 
why didn't i get gas yesterday :( curse you .33 cent mark up 
just got pissed all over again about old news .... 😣 
i'm really sad USERNAME is not following me :( ( 
i'm so short pants made for short people are still too long 😔 
USERNAME can't on my death bed i'm so sick 😔 
USERNAME whaatt ? ! the friday after thanksgiving ? :( 
sad to report my 6 month streak of not seeing my neighbor has ended :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME u r . kidding right ? ? ? . paula deen knows . how to cook anything ! but , not bambi ! :( 
my obsession is riding an i don't even go that much because my bikes out of commission 😭 
USERNAME sorry 😔 i guess we've never been bowling - daniel use to go (pre-leeann) with me & regina 
my dad woke me up hella early to go buy my formal dress , bitch the mall isn't even open yet . let me sleep damn it 😭 
USERNAME emergency came up with her so i'm going up there this evening to stay with her :( 
you like 1 of 5 quoting this nigga songs . smh . 😔 
“USERNAME USERNAME fina go kick it wit USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME 😔 
USERNAME i wish i could go :( have fun ! <3 
hi , my names joey and i have a problem ... i am a filmaholic :( its so hard admitting this but it's the truth 
USERNAME i know ! </3 i can't wait til my damn car is fixed ! 
so frustrated , i don't feel good && work a double ... no one will work for me :'( 
this is literally epic omg i am so dead ! ! ! ! #abgt thank you so much USERNAME what would we be without you ? ! 😭 ❤ 
USERNAME haha you're welcome ! how ya been haven't heard from you in a while i lost all my contacts so i don't have you're number anymore 😔 
USERNAME alright that's okay . i have to pick my sister up from girlscouts later and it's in frankin :[ 
omfg , the girl from spy kids ! 😧 URL 
USERNAME thank you 😔 xoxo i think it will get better ❤ 
USERNAME please im starving and they all want jimmy johns and i dont like jimmy johns and im hungry :( 
USERNAME boo i had soo much effin school work this week :( movie day sunday ? 😁 
cdiff ? ! ? ! ? where in the work did that come from ? ? ! ! ! first admission to duke childrens :( ! but m girl is hanging in there like a trooper ! 
i use to have the best gf in the world . </3 
i'm still very sad my lock button my phone phone broke :( 
i didn't get a picture with USERNAME last night :( (( #mygirl #reppin #8 
i have to do so much laundry before patrick gets here . wah ): 
losing you was my fear ... gettin you back is my challenge 💔 
this will be my family's first thanksgiving & christmas dillon doesn't spend it with . 😢 
USERNAME i know :( how late you guys stayin over ? ? 
been throwing up all morning i finally stopped got a break oh man i'm never drinking again 😖 😣 😷 
i can't listen to asap knowing i wont be at his concert tonight :( #depressing 
sad but true guys :( they were so cute . but if they weren't happy then it was for the best . URL 
i need to calm down on stressing . i don't want to get acne by the time christmas ball come . . 😭 
i seriously have nothing to do today . #wahh 😔 😒 
got my tongue pierced and the first thing i bought was a shake and some chips ahoy ): 
old people are aggressive in wal-mart ! #mytoess ... :( 
USERNAME legit ba to ? who's your source ? just asking . you don't have to answer (i know you won't) :( 
thinkk positive ! can't have two rain clouds ⛅☀ 😊 >>>>> ☔⚡☁ 😞 
USERNAME we all miss him so much .. 😢 ❤ 💔 he was my brother & my bestfriend . 
USERNAME i know , and i work in the neastt so it'll take me like a half hour to get home 😔 
i'd tweet about killing a deer but idk how to hunt ): i can fish the hell out of a lake though ! 
this past week has sucked for this strange lonely feeling on top of sleepless nights and anxiety , make it stop :( 
it sucks not know my moms side of the family 😔 
USERNAME i was too scared to use a real knife . i thought i'd cut myself . 😔 
oh (from a female ): right on top…. yep , i did say that . 
i can't eat anything with this piercing for two weeks ): fml 
what the fuck ! ugh ! i work black friday ! ! ! ! ! ' :( 
USERNAME hahahah same thing in my life , but instead of car problems it's broken ankle . :( 
USERNAME :( hold it down in the head for me . lol 
lol everyone i've talked to so far today has asked me why i'm up so early . horrendous reputation of sleeping in 😔 
having that conversation you've been avoiding for so long 😣 🙏 
USERNAME i wish i could come ! ! ! 😢 
if i have to leave soccer for my job omg imma cry 😔 
ughh i am in need of a nap ! ! ! went to bed at 3 and now at work 😣 on days like this i need to bed home ! ! ! ! 😩 😖 😕 #tiredaseff 
ute eh la k ta con su aceite pero na siga hay ;) rt USERNAME USERNAME usteed ya no me habla ni na :( URL 
whyy can i never sleep past 8 am anymore ! ? ahh :( 
i wish i didn't have feelings for #oomf already 😔 😶 
USERNAME i went to send you a dm and oh noez you don’t follow me . :( 
okay i guess i'll go to sleep 😢 gnight lol 
i really feel just empty ... i want to be smiled at . i want to be liked by a girl . what i want most is someone to fill my empty heart . </3 
that really just ruined my mood for the day 😔 
this chocolate is staring me down .. 😳 😱 😦 😮 #fattweet 🍬 
USERNAME i'm up and was up first haha .. i failed at my attempt to go back to sleep 😭 
#somethingthatienvy kids , when they just get cars just handed to them . they don't have to work for them or anything . #unfair #soislife 😒 😞 😧 😑 
todays gonna be tough ... :( ( rip easy e <3 
USERNAME i miss all of y'all ! i've done absolutely nothing this 4 day week so far :'( #hinthint 
having brunch in route to the office . weekend work not fun ... :( (@ 5 napkin burger) URL 
USERNAME sorry for your loss buddy :( thanks for driving with me . be safe ! keep your head up . 
the fact that one direction will be in la when we're there for our field trip , is still not processed . what if they go to ucla ! ! ! ! 😭 
dammit i didn't even bring a jacket .. not my effing wknd .. :( 
drove priscila to school turns out she doesn't even have school #fml #saturdayruined hehe 
sick ... need someone to bring me some soup &' juice ! 😷 😔 
and people wonder why i'm not confrontational ... it's just not worth it ... 😔 
i've seen click so many times , but i still cry every time 😢 
i left my frees in my locker 😔 now i gotta wear my grimy sneakers from years ago ... #morningjog 
ask me questions heree URL i'm bored sick , and cold :c 
why cant all my followers on twitter , follow me on instgram :( 
my gma just freaked me out she put my grits , pancakes & bacon on the same plate & the syrup touched the grits 😔 😔 😔 😔 
hard drive blew out :-( (@ apple store w/ 4 others) URL 
someone took a duce on sidewalk in front of the door to my office building . fabulous way to start my work day . #gross #ihatepeople #fml 
i feel like the worst girlfriend in the universe right now ): 
i wanna eat so bad but i gotta feed jacks and burp him :( 
i'm jealous of people who have no fear and not use a case on their iphone 😔 
went to go see google fiber and they wouldn't let me join in on the hackathon that was going on :( 
my family is so mean too me , they always call me dumb 😔 
stuck in the middle of a funeral so much traffic can't even get out 😥 
USERNAME i miss you too meatball ! ! ! :( #bestfriend #loveyoubunches 
i miss my dread 😿 next summer when i go to puerto rico i'm getting my whole underneath done w .3 idcidc 
i swear people call me and i hate not knowing them . i'm not a snob 😞 
the fact that i don't have any girls friends to sit at my house all day with me a bake things we find on pinterest really makes want to cry 😭 
fuck , my parents are slick , they know i can't do that :( 
once when his dad dies , and then again when he dies 😩 😢 
USERNAME i wish we could have them all year :( #seasonaldrinkheartbreak 
im hungry but theres nuttin to eat in mah house 😞 
texting my bro wayne .. he going through some things :( 
saw USERNAME around sd lastnight i almost fainted ! 😚 😳 but i was too shy to say hi ! 😭 sigh 
i wldnt anyway . just bummed to see the loss :( 
USERNAME thanks took forever just for that last night it'll never be done and it hurts :( 
USERNAME me too ! no one but you thinks its a good idea 😭 
i get home and decide to play xbox but what do you know my disc tray wont open #fml 
i need to go to vaughan mills again .. haven't been there since like january 😥 
every time someone calls me ugly i get really sad because i know how hard it can be for the visually impaired 😔 
USERNAME you're visiting psu when i won't be here ? ! ? ! :( 
dear burdy , teach me how to write . my notes look like a 4 year old with a broken pencil 😢 
USERNAME damn i know man i'm sorry i couldn't be there 😔 
USERNAME i thought halo 4 was gonna be great .. not according to report cards 😔 
dn't take people's reaction as a measure of hardship they're going tgrough . some will never complain no matter wha t.t hat's how they're built . 
glad i got some sleep last night but now i'm even more tired #thissucks 😔 😒 
it's impossible to have feelings for someone when you already know that you're heart is completely somewhere else 💔 
these hives better fucking go away before ring dance 😔 
seriously i have to have seen this movie at least 10 times and i still cry my eyes out 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME dearr johnn , don't you think i was too youngg . no bad song ? ok :( 
meeh , i don't have an appetite for anything . 😔 😶 
USERNAME haha you want a friend to tag along with me ? haha come visit me because mom said were cleaning the attic out today 😔 😒 
not a dream house but definitely interesting (only 4 feet wide ): URL 
where them girls at ? oh there yall are ! ! USERNAME #toofar ? 😔 
USERNAME i feel you , that shit happens to me daily . 😔 
USERNAME where u working at now , boo ? i think u told me ... but i forgot :( 
never have i been in a gym so cold . 😔 🏀 
USERNAME dude , i'm tired as fuck ! i just want to go to sleep :( lol 
USERNAME yess lol now it was my turn 😭 🔫 
USERNAME i know usually i am excited but last night my face 😣 clockwork was very good though dropped a wolfgang song i love 
blah ! why do bills come every month ? ! :( 
up and can't go back to sleep .. uhh this sucks .. and im not feeling to good #sick 😞 
😊 mars & me @ my last klein oak football game ! 😔 URL 
perfect weather outside & i'm stuck in bed sick :( #sadtweet 
my stomach is telling me that i need food .. but im too lazy :'( 
USERNAME well duh ! but i didn't even get to give a hug bye 😔 oh well at least we got to hang out for the first time in like forever 
USERNAME ugh would you please not do that face 😦 
wicked green the final season ... :( USERNAME #sadtweet URL 
i feel so sick :( i feel like im explode full of blood :( 
USERNAME it is hard to convincingly ape caro’s style in 140 characters . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME eso sii , oye paleto aún no encuentro tu gorra ! :( 
at work fml . heads hurting , throats feels clogged , stomach feels so empty , legs feeling shaky , eyes burning . chest feels shattered .. 😔 
not the sports news i wanted to wake up to . :( 
great night out with my girls , supporting USERNAME gettin our dance on 👯 feelin the aftermath now , woke up with no voice 😔 . 
i wish i was still sleeping . i'm bored af and USERNAME isn't awake yet 😔 
my past is what made me who i am today . dont like me blame my past ! </3 
rip mo's old house & all the memories we had there 💔 😢 
holy wisdom tooth ..... pain 😢 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i thought it was furealz until i woke up > :( 
so every time i see #oomf i always get so nervous and book it the opposite way and never know what to say . whyy . 😳 😣 😏 
USERNAME was just looking at my pictures on my camera miss it and you ): 
USERNAME i miss you ! 😞 even thought i just seen you thursday ! 🏀 
USERNAME just told me that he wished USERNAME was his sister and not me 😔 
how in gods name did i leave game of thrones at my uncles ? ! :'( so bored at work 
i hope USERNAME is doing ok 💔 have a good time with the family #missyoulovebug 
i just want to jailbreak my iphone 4s/6.0 😩 😭 😞 , i know they r working on it just hate basic phones lol 
i hate not winning on scratch off tickets . :( 
i always feel bad when i have to punish my dog . :( 
has the most amazing morning 😁 shoulda been an amazing day if oomf wouldn't worry so much 😔 
i'm madd as fuck miyah wasn't home 😡 i wanted too see my beautiful niece ! 😞 😒 
i should probably listen to the people who care about me . but i'm stubborn , and hopeful . 😔 
USERNAME yes ! i don't watch it regularly (only when marathons are on), but that parts about his brother are so sad :( 
i miss my friends :( i need this thanksgiving break so bad 
i sneezed mad loud in a room full of people and nobody said god bless you :( #rude 
da deeper in texas i go da hotter it freakin gets ... 82 already ididnt pack for dis :( 
cosine rt USERNAME need to get up and wash ... but , it's saturday :( 
USERNAME haha i knew you would lol so how's jenny ? ! i haven't talked to her in forever :( 
USERNAME i feel bad i have to wrestle my team mate :( 
USERNAME :( you don't have find my iphone on it ? 
:( just left the vet had to put jj down my heart hurts but i know it was god's will im not angry with him i have peace 
if only there was shit to do around here on this nice ass day 😞 
USERNAME i'm not ! i gotta drive over the pass today :( 
i wanna sleep but i never can after i wake up :c 
i'm not gonna rest till that pictures down . #fml 
soo , my papa bear called and said it's snowing in gallup ! i'm not looking forward to snow ! ! :( 
un follower solo 1 para llegar a los 500 ... mucho pedir :'( ? 
i wanted to spend the night at veronica's house last night , but this mofo called me after i fell asleep 😔 
wtf is a pretty ass girl w . no tits :( 
jase is sick ): hauling ass to the doctors office rn . my poor baby 
dammit ! ! i had a dream that i finally got my new phone & then woke up . 😭 
i dont get bad girls club at all i dont get why girls on that show got to jump one girl now thats just a sign of weakness right there :-( 
USERNAME - i'm sorry ! ! 😔 rain check ... ☔❓ 
USERNAME lol sorry :( do you still have them ? ? 
i wish i could go to mexico with everyone but i have school 😩 😭 😢 😤 fuck school tho 
USERNAME nope , anywhere from mid dec till mid jan :( the wait is torture haha 
scared shitless for the end of this semester , scared shitless about my car . the stress level in my life right now is off the charts 😳 📊📉 😭 
USERNAME sometimes that happeneds wen u have a boyfriend cuz thatsbeen going on for me :( 
the fact that i had so many pictures w me & dillon and they were all on my itouch 😔 😔 😔 
if you're gonna be somebody's heartbreak , be mine . ❤ 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME if only we had a pt cruiser that can take us 😔 URL 
USERNAME o yeah well for sure you going have some problems my first car was a 1988. and i had put in alot of money to fix it . :( 
USERNAME at least you have wawa , even wawa is a rare breed here 😞 
USERNAME yeah because that one fight she pressed charges on me :c 
i wish it would be cold while we r in boone :( it don't even feel like the mountains 
USERNAME i don't know :( but i miss you ! 
i wish i had a little sister or brother :( 
USERNAME why did you get my hopes up ? :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME eww it was shot in the head to . so gross 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME yup i went out back and saw him laying infront of man town not moving or breathing :( 
USERNAME nice ! but neither if us have $45 :( #brokebitches 
feels like something is stuck in my throat . ): 
sore throat ! :( had it since last night , it was hard to sleep . 
hope the world ends . afraid it will stay this way . 😔 sorry we can't be friends anymore .. URL 
USERNAME i miss you bennett lol the only time i see you is in athens 😔 
i had the worst migrane when i woke up 😭 
i'm feeling sick :( have to pull a 12 hour shift 
the barista at starbucks just offered to dread my hair . not sure if she wants to dread my hair .... or ask me out . #whydochickshitonme #fml 
USERNAME papi wants to have a photoshoot with me lolol so i can't :( +i'm broke aff nigga 
why does he have to grow up so fast 😢 URL 
i hate that . antiques roadshow painting . $5k . i think i tossed the sister painting in the trash in the last move as it cluttered garage :( 
not gonna lie but damn girl i miss you :( 
it's a lovely feeling when you walk into work and there sits the district manager 😖 #fml #woohoo 
USERNAME you don't have to bring money for the movies because my mom said only three people can come :( 
tomorrows my birthday and i work all day yay ! 😔 🎉 
USERNAME i knoww :( i'm looking at my closet and considering wearing every piece of clothing in there :/ haha 
nigga said she got to brush her teeth and her tongue scrub that mother fucker ! lmfaoo 😭 
deciding whether to text someone first or not is the hardest ..... 😁 😣 
wish i could've went to ur concert november 4th ): i cried cause i couldn't goo ha lovee u 💜 USERNAME 
jus got done making me sumin to eat and wishing i could share it wit my cuddly boo :( ( 
USERNAME hahhahahhaha i just realized . im so embarrassed :( we are kicking their ass***** i'm retarded . 
worst sleep of my life . feel soo shittyy :( 
i hate seeing the people i care about cry :( . 
need to let my guard down sooner or later 😔 
USERNAME noo ): i wish i would have but it caught me by surprise 
i feel like getting in the car and just driving ... too bad i get 14 mpg ... #fml 
i think i'm actually starting to miss you again 💔 
a bit of snow is on the ground , it's 25 degrees , and more snow is on it's way for later today . #hellowinter #toocold 😞 ❄⛄ 
USERNAME lol yu been on yo stranger lately doe smh :( 
i just want my tattoo :( but saving for school is keeping that from happening :/ 
such a nice day out . i wish it were a little warmer . :( 
USERNAME it doesn’t work for the direct tv so it’s useless to me 😭 
in the future , saw her and only her . . . i dreamt over even . . . now i see tears . . . :( 
USERNAME a malista ! na mastan koda tha pigename mazi ! ! ! ! den exo kanenan na pao ! ! :-( 
i'm guessing USERNAME doesn't want me as her manager anymore :( 
USERNAME my dads out back digging a hole for him :( ( 
a bit of snow is on the ground , it's 25 degrees , and more snow is on its way for later today . #hellowinter #toocold 😞 ❄⛄ 
USERNAME aw man dude . thanks , you too :( 
the closest thing to the eiffel tower i'll see :( URL 
a weekend without USERNAME isn't much of a weekend at all 😭 
USERNAME i put it on here i thought u would've seen it ! i'll would've txtd u but i dnt have ya number ... i'm sorry 😔 
the fact that my bubba USERNAME just got a pin and i couldn't be there to see it <<< #wuckfork 😞 ❤ 
i just broke a nail ! i'm going to remain pissed until i make it to the nail shop ! 😣 
i would go shovel my driveway but i have a baby and i have absolutely no snow boots 😔 
and why do i feel like puking ? ! 😢 😪 
why is the mall so busy and its only 12 ? ! 😣 #gohome #ihateyou 
damn my mum is so mad & it's not my fault :'( (( 
USERNAME ya um me 2 ...... do i look old or s/t :-( 
i sure do miss legion ball games with USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME 💔 
i miss babe soo much . i didn't realize how dependent i really am . 😞 
the tumble USERNAME and i experienced early thursday morning has really done a number on my poor elbow :( wahh 
im eating vanilla wafers and i have 2 cups full of oj and milk and by accident i dunked a wafer in the oj ... :( xo-n 
USERNAME no idk mo they're only on sale until sunday night 😖 😭 😭 💔 
try waking up when everyone is nearly going to sleep :( 
i hate passing a room and there's just a old dudes dick hanging out ! 😢 🔫 #hospitalproblems 
s/o to USERNAME your name >> lol . you're so prettyy . & funny . we use to be bffs ): she has good tweets so #followher 
oh , arcadia , please stop sending me stuff to come to your open house 😣 
major accident ... 6 cars , and a semi . at a stand still :( (@ 85/985 split ! ) [pic]: URL 
its nice out . to bad i can't play no sports :( 
& luka thinks it's hilarious that i keep sneezing 😞 
these curls in my hair need to fall already 😔 
having christmas tree with loads of gifts but you can't find your name ... :( 
i don't know what i want for my birthday :( 
my momma talking me away .... i miss my munchies voice :-( 
jk y'all i stole that bear from kallis room 😔 
ugh . i really wish i would of woken up and was still on the boat . 😔 
i think my brother was pulling my hair this morning 😣 
i miss my USERNAME :'( .. your white lil bombshell has been lookin for you ! #wemissyou 
woke up in so much pain 😩😩😩 😭 😭 😭 
so bummed out i’m missing USERNAME at the masq tonight :( 
yeah just remember love is a big word .. and lovin u was all a dream ... :( 
i really want a gym membership at lifetime fitness . too bad that it's too expensive :( does anyone if thru offer student rates ? 
because its the last day of tailgating season 😔 @ iu tailgating field URL 
had a good ass sleep . i dont wanna leave his arms ): <<<< 
is it really that nice outside ? if it is i'll be salty cause my manager changed my hours from 1-6 so i can't enjoy it :( 
i wish i could've slept more but my dad has to be so loud when he talks on the phone . smh :[ 
remind me never to let boys in a hardcore band sleepover ever again . so dirty 😭 
home alone again but this time without my sis 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME lol it will grow back it was just to damaged you know from all the dying n stuff :( 
i want a gym membership at lifetime fitness so bad :( 
USERNAME i miss you , sleeping alone was no fun :( (((((( 
wow i heard USERNAME in my sisters room and i ran as fast as i could cause i thought they were on tv . :( #directionerthing 
USERNAME okay :( well if you need anything you can talk to me love u babe :* 
#arteta or #schwarzer rather robbed me of a last min 3 point joy ! :( 
USERNAME bahah this made my day . gotta be in h's room ? #missagclasses #sadtweet 
USERNAME u have 6 min ! ! ! if my flight takes off i won't be able to get it :( 
i swear my cheeks get more & more swollen every day ! :( 
USERNAME sorry i was try a kill this snake ! ! ! 😵 😥 😰 
i'm lonely on saturday mornings when i can't sleep anymore and my child is at my moms . 😞 the hubs likes to sleep past 8. who does that ? ! lol 
:( ( my grandma makin me cry sitting here talking bout grandpa 
looks like i'm gonna have to let my hair air dry ... #fml 
USERNAME 😣 all i wanted was food , but my mom eats everything 😡 
i hate waiting around for a phone call that i know will only be 20 mins :( 
USERNAME i can't i have como :( i only went for the warmup block to say good luck 
USERNAME i wish i could sing like her ! 😔 
i did a google image search for and the first hit was a baby . :( 
they say love is blind so i closed my eyes 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME shoot ! ! :( i always forget someone ! sorry babyy ! ! 
USERNAME ouch . too bad . :( they are all left i think . in 3 suvs 
USERNAME i wish i could ! ! ! i miss you ! :( 
woke up to a dead phone -.- so my alarm didn't go off . everybody gone . so i can't go any where . damn ): 
both of my big sisters are in the same place right now ... without me . :( 
going to a community college for two years work my ass off and see if ucla would except me 😣 
can i fav my own tweets ? i miss dan :( USERNAME 
only seeing luke for like two minutes and then having to leave kills me 😔 
i need to get ready :( but i don't wannaa . i don't know what to wearr ! ! ugh 
this plane is packed . also , it's raining in denver :( 
i got hot sauce on my face and it's durning 😣 🔥 
USERNAME :( what is the world coming to ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME it's a sad sad world to find that out ! :( 
USERNAME i think insomnia is a huge part in why i get lonely , that is so true :( plus no one is ever up to talk 
USERNAME i got 2-close shift today :( i feel you 
wtf i guess i'm not going to the beach at all now 😔 😡 
no , life might be a struggle , but it’s always worth living . even when your depressed , i hope life gets better . </3 
i just found my perfect wedding dress and i'm still single . fuck :( 
i left my brisk iced tea at ramapo ... :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
last pick up of the season :'( (@ greensgrow farms) URL 
this house without my mom it's so quiet ! 😟 😭 
i woke up this morning thinking it was sunday and i missed church :( 
check out my 2 songs that USERNAME produced ! gotta be better (snippet ): URL and throne: URL 
USERNAME yess :( i had it thursday kmari didnt tell you ? 
wish my lettermens jacket could just be finished already :( 
i had a dream that USERNAME texted me like 50 times this morning , then i woke up to see she didn't text me 😔 
USERNAME yes ! i'm so jelly :( winter isn't to hard yet 
USERNAME i strained my groin a couple days ago and am out for a bit #boo :( 
on a train to go hang with my dad . wish i would've caught the cung le knockout live :( 
USERNAME same here ! lolbut mmy dad yells at me :( ) 
USERNAME that's prob why i threw up all over USERNAME car ... i owe you a car wash buddy ! i'm sorry :( 
USERNAME .... i mean we could , but USERNAME stole our funnel 😡 💔 😥 😭 😪 
it's just one of those days ... #missinghome 😥 🏡 
USERNAME no i scrub toilets :( ( jk duh , i just sit and be bored .. & chill in my cousins apartment lol 
such a beautiful day out wish i didnt have to work :( 
coldplay won't stop playing in my mind . neither will come home by one republic . ugghh :( 
i ran out of heat protector and now my hair looks twice as fried as usual . #fml 
i just want you to be happy and not feel like your hurting me :/ </3 <3 
its been a long time since ive seen my husband cry , its heartbreaking ! and monday i have to put my dirt squirt down :( 
USERNAME no ! we're suppose to go on a date together 😔 i'm sorry this job thing is important to me 😞 
lmao actually scared the little kids at work might cry when they see me 😔 👶 
carrisa being boring i wanna turn up in the morning she wanna go to bed :( 
was tryin to get some sweet potato pies but they're all out 😔 😒 
car won't start and i'm supposed to be at a rehearsal at the church right now . and my cold is getting worse . today sucks so far . :( 
i can't believe i won't be at the game today :( #gomoe 
i come home to spend time with the family and they all leave me . 😥 
my gram went to the hospital last night . hope she's okay . :-( 
i was hoping i could avoid my family and their sickness . no luck . my throat is so swollen i can't eat anything :-( #gimmemeds 
USERNAME right on target again scope . got some amazing things acomplished . yet this knight has gotz no girl to luv . :( 
i've never been sicker than i was last night , it scared me 😢 😩 #stomachprobz 
nesh having a sleep over with her friends :( ) , thats where imma be later 
hahaha power of the mubs ! ! USERNAME 🙏👭💁 💔 URL 
USERNAME noo , that's not it anymore haha i just really miss you guys 💔 #maybenotyou #meanie 🐘 
“USERNAME in another life , i would make you stay , so i don't have to say you were the one that got away , the one that got away . #sadtweet 
just passed girls in buns coming from class ! bring mee back :( #missdancee 
USERNAME i just gotta say so sad this is the last season :( an btw baby lorenzo adorable ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME i know , i know :( i miss my bestfrann . :( 
why can't we have good presidents anymore ? like ronald #reagan , #abelincoln #georgewashington ? now we have failures left and right 😞 
my screen protector kept coming off last night and now is all fucked up , why did that happen ? ? 😭 
i just miss my exes son . :( haha he's a cutie . 
i sure wish someone wanted to hang out with me today ... #subtweet #sadtweet 
my boyfriend just told me he wasn't gonna kiss me :( meoww . 
my kitty has been missing for 3 days now . come home cashie 😢 🐱 💔 
worry ? i'm not worrying ! i'm just confused why you said yes to me then the next day no ? like seriously i don't get it ! > :( #badtrip 
i want to get dressed and go somewhere , but i dont like martaing alone :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME work 😭 😭 😭 
all i want to so is spend time with my family . 😭 
wish i could've met my grandpa <3 r . i . p :( 
no way USERNAME and USERNAME just straight played me at the same time . 😔 
in a really frustrated mood bc im having a bad hair day 😭 
my heart and prayers go out to skinny and don family ! 😥 USERNAME i love yaw ! when yaw hurt just kno i do too 
it's sad how badly i can't see without glasses . 😔 
USERNAME my bestfriends mom just found out she has breast cancer and we are not sure if it has spreaded or not yet :( #fuckcancer " 
when you're hungover and have to be up early to do shit < #fml 
USERNAME i made myself lol when i said that . was that USERNAME i said it to ? i forgot 😔 
all these people have headaches cause of a hangover .. nope . not me , i'm just unlucky and sick :'( 
USERNAME i'm so sorryy 😢 i knew i was forgetting some people ... was hurrying because my ✈ was about to head out ! ! ! 
this little kid with down syndrome is tryna take my glasses .... i don't know what to do :( 
listening to you & tequila makes me think of bakersfield 😢 
USERNAME i knoow , it's been too long ! :( haha okay ! 
gays don't care about celebrities and fashion . the tv lied to me . :( 
there is a bug in my room and no one will come get it , i'm crying 👎 😰 😭 🐝🐜 
what a way to start my day . some ass hole backs up into me > :-( 
so , i have a super hot neighbor , and he has a weiner dog ! match made in heaven right ? no , hes married :( 
USERNAME ... i dont have comcast down here 😔 😫 😑 
can i see you before you do this . :( 
USERNAME i always get confused reading british music magazines when they show dates in that format . :( 
USERNAME and USERNAME broke up ... my life is officially over . :( 
USERNAME i think we both know that's not gonna happen 😥 
USERNAME i'm so sad why did you and selena break up :( i actually thought you guys were going to get married 💙 💍💎 and have children ! 
he dont remember me ughh thats a stab in my heart ... i hope somehow he can think back to me somehow :( 
i need to get home and clean my room . ha . fuck 😨 😔 
i'm so over you , i got no more to give , i gave it all to you and you couldn't handle it 💔 
can't stop 😪 😥 😰 😿 😭 💦💦💦💧 i know i'm a big cry baby #sensitive 
the red dots came back 😢 all over my face . wtf 
i don't get i'm already 18 but i still can't go out by myself ? :( not that i'm complaining it's just it's #true -___- 
USERNAME yeah ! ! ! ! ! leaving though :( 
USERNAME haha fuck up nigga ! yall are gonna leave me soon . ): only junior there , sadly .. 
USERNAME USERNAME aw i rock ! i still have a scab on my lip still :( & jose me too me too ! 
USERNAME 😞 😞 😞 i wanted to come ! is there one this coming up weekend ? 
USERNAME USERNAME i wish i could do that dance :c 
really mad . i wanted to see kenzie last night ): 
USERNAME duh ! i was lonely yesterday cus u weren't @ 6th period :( lol no homo 
wish i could be with my boy on his birthday instead of switching from plane to plane all day 😔 #homenow 🙊 ❤ 
USERNAME awhh :( it really has gone by so fast :( and that is all we did ! ! haha but thanks babee ! love you 💜 and miss you 😞 
USERNAME he should have owned up to his shit and told you straight up . that's so damn immature , ugh . ): < 
i want chocolates ! chicken ! pasta and beer :'( 
thinking about my dad , here come the tears 😢 
spent all morning cleaning my truck . it's never looked so clean , maybe my dad will let me keep driving it now 😔 
toys r us season is officially upon us ! 😭 
USERNAME i really want to mcgee , just turns out , i was the joke . 😔 
anyone wanna hangout with me when i get off work :( ? 
i wanna put my christmas tree up already 😭 🎄🎅 #ohthestruggle 
if only there were clubs down here that played soca music . 😔 it's okay though they wouldn't know how to handle me 
was gonna do a to get an obama-biden sign but there aren’t anymore where i knew a good few were . :( (( 
stupid ass hamster i bought all he does is sleep 😭 
i am so jealous with everyone who can go out without hesitating :( 
a big thank you goes out to the guy who spilt his coffee all over me . you have no idea how much better you made my day .. #justnotmyweek :( 
last night may have been a shit show for me sorry guys 😢 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME yeah i do but they don't get along with each other sadly :-( 
my only wish= i want you here right beside me ... 😔 i cry everyday and think about you all the time . 
URL 😞 the best thing in the world is your wifey taking care of you . love you zulmarie . 
living across from hayward field has its pros and cons . sucks being woken up early bc of an event 😣 
USERNAME i thought i was your addiction ... #awkward </3 
and once again , i need a workout buddy . 😔 
feel so blue in this very nice weather ☹ *odd URL 
USERNAME i wish ! i have night class though . :( 
it's sad but even the notebook commercials make me cry #softy 😢 
gonna miss my besties this weekend :( USERNAME USERNAME #goodluck #gogetem 😚 ⚽ 
i seriously just got the worst news in my whole entire life right now by text 😖 😤 😠 😡 😩 😭 😪 USERNAME 
used to being alone , but never this alone . 😔 
i miss my best friend USERNAME :( i feel like i haven't talked to her in a while . :/ 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME oh geezz . i think i missed it :( 
i'm just not in a good mood at all today 😔 😕 
really not looking forward to these last 5 hours of my shift . #fml :( 
: most goals+assists in 2012 (club and country ): messi 96 - ronaldo 68 - ibrahimovic 54 - falcao 48 - benzema vanpersie 43 [via USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i have to work with them :( 
USERNAME idk , not if we gunna be outside again i couldn't feel my fingers :( lol 
“USERNAME it's true ! rt #USERNAME and USERNAME split ! ! ! ! URL waahh 😭 😭 
driving back to ohio today ... already seeing fall color in mississippi :( #drivingintowinter #winteriscoming 
halo 4 is beautiful :,) it is so sad </3 god bless you master chief .. <3 #117 
this is what i dont love you feels like </3 #np 
i already felt like that last night , now again ? 😔 
i want to go to disneyland todayy but don't have a pass :( 
i wish my daddy would take me shopping to make me feel better 👨 😔 
last home game as an undergrad and i'm not there 😭 😭 😭 #imisslubbock #wreckemtech 
even tho their 1st convo of the morning always: kiy: whats wrong u want ur daddy ava: yes with the baby voice :( kiy: he coming in a lil bit 
having to pee when your nails are wet << #bladderprobz #fml 
USERNAME yeahh whatevaa 😔 ✋too cool to even work out with me ... 
it gives me white hairs man always wondering if he's still looking @ my tweets or not :( 
the fact that i have to text USERNAME because she's so far away 😞 
i just saw someone put hot dogs in a food processor on national television . there is no hope for america . none . :( 
💉 💔 💉 💔 💉 💔 @ altar house for troubled girls URL 
USERNAME :( i'll bring u some later we can exchange plates 
most importantly my headphones ! :( where can they be .. 
came to victoria's secret to see USERNAME and she's not here 😔 
today's gonna be exactly like yesterday .. i can tell already .. ugh :( 
to go or not to go ... the snow may win this battle . #sadday 
USERNAME i know ! haven't seen you in a while 💔 
i so miss my bf ! i hate i had to go back to montgomery today ! . :( 
sore throat . 😭 i guess it's time former to get sick . 
someone get me burritome 😩 or make me soup 😫 or anything 😭 
i love you . please just understand . that's all i want ! 😔 
i don't wanna go there , we should never go there 😞 
i wanna go back to my sweet 16 party :( #yummy #feltlikeaprincess #oopsalreadyamone URL 
its been exactly a month since my car accident n not having a car anymore .. why does it feel like its been 5 years ? ! :( 
i had a dream last night that i surprised USERNAME for her birthday by going all the way to pa #iwish :( 
i miss my best friend USERNAME :( i feel like i haven't talked to her in a while :/ 
USERNAME lol he'd call me & say you were sleeping but he never sent a pic & yeah i miss him too 😔 💔 
bitches broke my heart when they sold the camaro 😭 
i'm upset that i have to leave him though 😔 
seriously though . i can't find either pair . 😕 😔 😞 
omg i know :c i tought it was my bro ! 
getting rid of all my clothes before i leave . this is crazy .. my drawers/closet is empty 😧 
' #oomf better come to school tuesday cause i miss her :( 
locked my keys in my car :( (@ c and 4th) URL 
i need to cry on the phone and vent . i really need my best friend ): 
USERNAME haha . yeah , we'll monday is my last day then i'll be jobless again .... :( 
awh ): my dad went to work . bummer . 
i'm not the same anymore 😭 i wanna be me again 
USERNAME lolol & ikk ! we needa hangout ! :( 
USERNAME yeah , really . haha and aww i miss you more ! we all do ! :( come back to visit , on a weekend , por favor so i can see u ! 
gonna go 2 school . fun :-( why does it have to be on saturday . 
it's sad that i'm in USERNAME room and he's not even home 😔 
USERNAME i haven't received credits for the last two apps i tried out :( 
i should be at USERNAME show tonight ! #poorcollegestudent 💔 
oh , okay then . keep your grudge . :c 
my kiddy was crazy . haha ! and i miss her so much :( .... URL 
bobby where ever you are out there , stay safe buddy :( i love you 😿 
fml passed out at 11p last night and totally missed carolyn's bday at qi :( (@ metro @ showplace square) URL 
when clint frazier follows me , i follow him back , then he unfollows me right after <<<<<<<<<<<<< 😭 
USERNAME and left due old ones out to dry :( 
USERNAME :( eff our lives . you can't do anything with just a bachelor's degree 
USERNAME i work every weekend :( but i do have thanksgiving break tho ! 
gah , im so tired of going out all by myself :( eating alone , going to the mall and shit alone ........ #hatemylife 
and that i was being sung to .. 😔 😣 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME heard it was a banging night ! congrats ! still wish i was there ! ! :( #awwyeahh 
USERNAME USERNAME aw i would have given you guys atleast a semi decent tour ! :( 
all me & USERNAME ever do all day is lay in my bed . we never leave it before 6 but tonight we have to ): 
USERNAME i just walked back all the way from the stadium . :( #toolazy 
such a nice day ! wish i didn't work 😞 
praying for the guy on a motorcycle who just got hit hit in destin 😔 
USERNAME i'm late for work ! ! :( and it sounded like the monitor is pissed off 
my bed is so comfy ... but my stomach is so rumbly .... #torn 💔 
fuck being a female ...... currently at least . 😣 
correction , who wanna take me and USERNAME to get breakfast ? ? :( 
i feel so gross i just want to go home and take a shower & nap like this morning never happened . 😣 
i love it when my boyfriend acts weird . #not 😔 
USERNAME uh oh ! me no likey sad face ! :( i'll look now . 
USERNAME :( have a safe flight ! come back soon ! 
hopefully he stay by his word . but eventually he's gonna leave . . he got everything he wanted & need . i just hope he never forget me :( 
ok ... my mom said she felt the house shake but i didn't feel anything :( i always miss out on the cool stuff ! 
i feel like crapola :( i dont wanna catch the flu 
USERNAME ikk ! :( i can let u knww when im free ! ! 
some comeover and hang out with my sick self please 😔 
USERNAME one day though we'll spend a whole day ! but forreal i missed you aloot :c 
USERNAME yeah me too :( i forget all the time & break down :( i need to go visit him soon :( 
im to much of a weenie to try it 😔 
USERNAME i cut myself while shaving in the shower and i was bleeding everywhere and i didn't have any band aids :( 
USERNAME thank you so much ! let me know if you find them 😔 😫 
damn ! that shit just bugged me tf out ! tremors in knoxville nshit 😳 😦 😯 😐 
USERNAME yup ! a nigga just tryna sleep doe . :( can't the homie just be in bed ? 
USERNAME :( why do you hate that number ? lol . 
i partied a wee bit too hard last night :( 
i miss my kittens :( it is weird not having them here anymore 
i left my black north face in rachels dorm :( #waahh 
my brother is coming over but i have to go to practice 😔 
im still mad at myself cos i didnt get to say goodbye 😔 😣 
USERNAME i know ! ! ! ! i found that out last night ! ! sad . they were so cute together . oh well 😢 💔 
USERNAME so do i ! ! :( this is the first time i've even been in the gym since graduation 
USERNAME lol i want to go to hacienda heights again :( lulz 
looks like niceride is packed up for the season :( 
USERNAME too bad i don't know how to make it 😔 
USERNAME i do ! :( lol .. so what are you doin in indy ? 
USERNAME when you come up here , whatever you do , don't let bri convince you to drink the tequilla that's there ! the shits gross ): 
this is the last time i wish my favorite boys good luck 😥 #gogetem USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i was going to ! but they didn't let me because he was in sixth grade ): 
knowing i hav to wrk my whole dayy away #depressed 
officially christmas timee at gsp . 😔 😒 #tooearly #iwantsummerbackplease 
USERNAME would come up to the berg the weekend i'm gone ! ! #sadtweet #missher 
just found all my old jerseys ... wish i could still play 😔 😪 😢 💔 #mylife #soccer #80 #travel URL 
k i'm actually shedding tears now after talking to USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME and jordan ! i love y'all ! 😭 😭 😭 
i miss spending the weekend with my boyfriend . 😞 
USERNAME why aren't you coming to the game woman i'm so sad ! ! ! ! 😭 
USERNAME whatever ... thanks for putting that on twitter .. :( 
USERNAME 😭 lmaoo . hell naww . what you doing ? 
:( i just realized that since my schools having a winter dance i might have to bring a date but no boys like me in the class in that way 
mom i want to go do stuff let me leave :( 
one day sales will be the death of me ... 😥 😥 😥 #macys #exhausted #hungover 
awe so sad saying bye bye to little kitty . 😢 
so i finally cut off all of split ends .. and there went most of my length 😞 #bittersweet #haircut #hairgirlproblems 
very uncomfortable ! can't believe i slept like this . 😒 😔 
so much for sleeping in on a saturday woke up to a seizing dog at 745 :( luckily we have a great mom making a fun morning out of itUSERNAME 
i've been sitting outside for the past hour , and i didn't feel an earthquake . 😔 
no ! 1 more hour of sleep .. please .. #sadtweet #needsleep #sotired 
USERNAME but what if being a sandwich-head is my job ? :( 
USERNAME me too ! idk when i last saw you 😞 
beyond tired as always ! ! ! ! 💀 😲 😞 😴 
USERNAME you look like dora the explorer right now . please fix this ): 
USERNAME lmaoo i know you always wake me up ! !. ah imy :( 
i fucking hate state issued holiday weekends . i wish i could have every other fucking day off too . #sopissed #ineedanid #fml #nowwhat 
i didn't feel an earthquake ! not fair . > :[ 
USERNAME in wenham ! i need to go asap ! i miss my favorite state :( 
my soccer tournament got cancelled . :( looks like i'm not getting $500 :( 
and alls they can say to me is i need tile to think :'( what the hell is wrong with me . 
i put way too much siracha sauce in my soup 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i forgot the cookie dough at school . 😔 😒 😪 
when you pour a bowl of cereal and realize you have no milk ... #fml 
watching my 1st USERNAME game of the year on tape delay .... #fml 
they are cutting thru our defense like butter ... :( #michiganfootball #northwestern 
didn't have ducky with me to sleep last night :( 
i just made the worst coffee of my existence :[ 
ugh so stressed , wish i had a better job :( 
that food made me go from good to bad :( 
i really hate work right now . i just want to be at the dome :( 
the worst part about being injured is it prevents you from doing what you love , this blows . 😔 
USERNAME seriously tho like u don't have any passes or anything ): i want to go to six flags bad . 
everyone went away to la this weekend .. and i'm here 😔 
only halfway through and this has already been the hardest day of my life :( 
all of my family is at cali right now and i'm missing out 😣 
hes back on that stuff again mann im done widd u cuz u gonna pull me into it uhh na just lost one of my bestfrinds :( 
USERNAME hahahaha ! the guy is even in it ! ? how do y'all come across these things ! ? i need to start paying attention :( 
sad that i'm home all weekend and i don't get to hang out with USERNAME and USERNAME 😢 
the fact that USERNAME can hit further than me on the wrong side #depressing haha 
USERNAME USERNAME your chance has come .. justin and selena have called it quits ! lol ! 💔 💔 
who wants to take me to chipotle ? no1 ? okay 😔 
why do i have to work doubles when it's like the most beautiful day i've seen in weeks ? ! 😣 
when i get back , my roomie will be gone . ): 
wish my parents would get along ! ! ! ! 💔 
this week my moms been cooking . i'm a bit apprehensive about this . 😣 
porque cuando estas #triste todas las canciones te llegan .. :( 
hangover and school uhh not a good combo 😳 😳 😳 😁😁😁 😢 😢 😢 😢 😩😩😩😫😫😫😫 
USERNAME needing ur maternity line asap ! ! ! pleasee ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i see how it is now :( 
when a mom and son come into my work to eat , it hits me , i really miss those times 😔 :( 
beat friend must of fallen of the face of the earth :( 
stranger: aye u single ? you don't look like it . me :( instancely make up a imaginary bf) nope ! lol (then repent) why did i do that again ? lol 
USERNAME i would take that kitty if i could ! ! ! i wish i had my own house :( & that husky is so pretty he needs to go adopt it ! ! ! 
USERNAME he turned the sub off little bastard . and idk how to turn it back on . 😔 
USERNAME aghh i miss you guys :( i need longer school weeks hahaah 
best friend must have fallen off the face of the earth :( 
i know i might've cried a river at 4am , needing comfort & a shoulder to cry on . 😥 
USERNAME we haven't hung out in years it seems ! 😭 
USERNAME lol i know but i got sleep anyways :( 
USERNAME why don't i get any drunk texts from you 😭 😢 😣 😨 
i'm really good at these dancing games , but i can't dance worth shit .. :'( 
the world really is ending . thanks obama . 😳 😔 
USERNAME it's still under warranty . it's kinda hard to bring a huge imac to the apple store to get fixed if you don't have a car tho . :c 
USERNAME we had an earthquake ? so i didn't have my music so loud it shook the house ? :( 
USERNAME aww nobody invited brielle i feel left out nath :( ((((((((((( 
praying to god i don't throw up . #feelinglikeshit :( 
all kinds of hungry & i wna go 2 the cafe but i gots nobody 2 go with :-( guess i'll be cooking again ... anyone have cinnamon i can borrow ? 
wtf i use to sleep in till 12 on weekends , now my retarded ass body won't let me 😔 😔 
USERNAME flat stomach my butt ! my stomach is not flat . ): 
what is going on with this weather ? ! it's gross ! 😣 ❌☔ 
i hate when i see a beautiful man in a car cause then i know i'll never see them again 😔 
USERNAME my moms dead :c and my dads a drunk who beats .. i just want it to all end . all these voices .. lol kidding . 
i'm trying to finish this monthly challenge on instagram .. but i keep forgetting about it .. 😔 #failure 
not keen on working today . it's too nice out . 😞 
USERNAME really ? i'm already in town ): wahh . this sucks .. 
could this day get any worst ? i have refresh limit now :( 
waking up next to my boyfriend <3 ; then he gets called into work :( 
pretty sure i nearly shattered parts of my inner ear last night . #ihate pointy q-tips 😥 
last high school volleyball game 😩 😥 i'm going to miss this team . we rock . mustangvolleyball>your team 
officially annoyed ! ! wardrobe malfunction ! i dont know what to wear omg ! #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME they soo look alike . i can't unthink it now though and am having trouble telling them apart in my head :( 
i miss my brothers and my sisters so much ! ! ! :( 
so mad at my parents for saying we were gonna go to the game , and iris t happen . 😔 😞 
USERNAME lolol im sorry ! ! i didnt ! :( 
the spider is gonna be waiting for me when i get home ... :( 
USERNAME i'm about to go too work now till 1am :( then tomorrow 1-11 :( ( 
about to go to d hall by myself because no one will go with me :'( 
USERNAME that's so weird because i'm at kaits right now and i know seriously 😔 ❤ 
i think it's time for me to retire ... 👃 😿 
two much stuff in goin on either iv lost somebody i love , or my mom and dad are arguing and i get brung in to it 😢 
never have i felt like this and on the worst day possible . 😢 stomach is killing me . hoping i do well on my huge test . #whytoday 
it's too early . :( i guess it's timena get reaady 
cause at my luck , i'll get the window . :( 
i'm too scared to text you first , fuck this sucks ... #ithinkyouhateme 😔 👎 
USERNAME haha :( no i don't want to be there ugh hahaha 
i should play some bball today . yesterday i didnt :( 
USERNAME USERNAME / thanks , it is super sad . :( i do love my momma ! <3 even though i didn't tag her correctly ! haha 
about to shower ..... and i guess go to work . without lunch because i have zero time . 😔 
haven't seen USERNAME in over two weeks 😔 😢 😭 😐 💔 
i really miss my weekend mornings with my boobookins :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i can't upload it through my phone :( twitter wasn't an option when i clicked share :( ( 
USERNAME USERNAME i knoww ive always wanted one of those haha , there so expensive though :( 
i have no doubt that if a costumer is mean to me today i'll cry . i really that emotional today . 😣 
unica coisa q ta estragando o dia de hj são meus deveres/provas :( 
guilt fear the unknown and lack of control have consumed me ! very much afraid ..... :( 
i really this one car ... i hope it doesn't sell before i get a chance to check it out with someone 😔 . 
i don't want mrs . battles to read my essay , she's going to be so disappointed . 😔 
USERNAME i completely understand right now .... i feel ya 😔 
maarmaar101 - i . b . t.t . n . >>>>>>>>>>> 
the only person that actually texts me is my grandma 😔 
wish USERNAME was off so i can text her 😔 
i really like this one car ... i hope it doesn't sell before i get a chance to check it out with someone 😔 . 
trying to leave philly on a long weekend 😔 🔫🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗 
USERNAME mine too . i freakin miss u guys :( 
USERNAME we used to know each others secrets ! :( 
USERNAME come to indianapolis ! you guys come to indiana some , but it's always like 3 or 4 hours away . :( 
not having anything to eat at home <<<< #starving #needfood :( ( 
USERNAME oi papa , i knew that they were coming but i couldn't go because i had plans with my friends already :( and i found out too late ! 
USERNAME my friend just invited me but i got an event till this evening :( 
leadership n visioning workshop for rotary all day ! sorry debbie , can not do the longmont symphony tonight :-( [pic]: URL 
wish i could've went to the swim & dive meet 😔 
USERNAME good , but i like the last name on the jerseys ! ps-they aren't doing very well :( 
i can't imagine life without my aunt but i'm about to find our what its like ): i really fucking hate the world ! #lifesucks 
that dream was kinda ..... not what i wanted . ! ! 😐 😢 
USERNAME no i said this cause USERNAME is here and i probably won't meet them :( 
USERNAME what i would do to have drank with you to enjoy the hangover together 😔 
the fact that im not gonna be able to go out with my bffs b/c im not 18 til jan << #fml #messomestuffupformetho USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME :( vamos , vai ? to inspirada pra tirar foto hoje ! 
totally not trying to work 12 hours today #wahh 😫 😢 😪 
USERNAME i started parenthood but it isn't as good :( 
this right now it's fucken cold over here 😭 😪 😔 URL 
feeling like i'm gonna regret this but i think its for the best .. </3 
this is the time where i need my grandmother & no one else ! she takes great care of me when i'm dealing with this ! 😒 😔 
sarah has a sore throat , fever , and her chest feels tight . :( on top of everything else she has going on . URL 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm ready 2 hear 19 again & wasted light - sat it is & off to work :( but listening to ro will make my day . 
USERNAME i don't want it to stay at home though . i want it to come back to johnson with me 😔 
long drives suck when i'm not in my car :( however , my wallet is very happy . 
i always tweet cute things about you and you never tweet cute things about me #sadtweet 
USERNAME i'm with ya . i gotta move out by feb :( 
speaking of business , i need a job to call me asap ! i dont want to work at macy's 😔 
i just called my brother and told him that i wasn't gonna be able 2 pick him up 2day . i feel like the worst person in the world rite now . :( 
hills west ! amandamooney2 😢 @ half hollow hills high school west URL 
wish i could wear my slippers every where and it be appropriate 😔 
both my dad and ... mom are pretty tall i don't understand how i and out so small . 😔 
i miss my new england family ! eric won't let us move up there though :( waahh ! ! ! ! #policewifeprobs 
i am a sinner , who's probably going to sin again , lord forgive me things i don't understand , sometimes i need to be alone </3 
saturdays just aren't the same when the buckeyes don't play ... #sadday #gonorthwestern 
i was released an hour ago and i'm still dt 😫😩 😢 this is the worst day ever . 
USERNAME USERNAME moe's might actually be worth it if it's buy one get one ! their food is the /best/, but so expensive . :c 
thank you very much , nose , for being an asshole and ruining my shower by bleeding . #fuckyou #sonofabitch #fml 
yup .. a plain old saturday :( anybody got anything to do ? 
my 5k tweet goes out to someone that i used to know .... 😔 
mom needs to turn the vaccuum cleaner off ... i can't tell of the baby is crying or not . :( 
it hurts my feelings when my mom doesn't answer my phone calls 😔 
USERNAME damn bruh , it get that real :( ? 
. USERNAME seems like she's a nice person ... sad that she keeps getting hurt :( 
α gírl dσєsn't nєєd α guч whσ dσєsn't nєєd hєr 💔 
USERNAME cant do that ... i'm on his naughty list this year . 😔 
jelena was too cute ! :( but i guess i can't complain .... he's single 
craig was just screaming at the top of his lungs about some game . kevin where are you :( 
USERNAME i guess you’re right that involvement in forums is required . but why tweet after going there if they didn’t feel like promoting it 😥 
just bought marley and me . i'm gonna be a mess today ... 😭 
pero like why cant USERNAME rt me or something </3 . 
USERNAME i see u don't want to party with me :( lol 
i won't even get to see him or talk to him today . #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm sorry loves :( i have a really bad migraine . i'll work soon .. miss ya'll ! <3 
oh dear god i hope i'm cool by 3:00 cos nigga gota work ! 😥 😰 😷 
i'm such a baby when it comes to sad movies 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i always lose them and then throw the other one away and then find the other one like months later somewhere random . 😭 
seeing someone && them acting like you were never in their life << 😒 😞 
how can i dream that my mom is still here , but then not even get to talk to her ? ? #hatemydreams 😭 
i've held a grudge against her for to long and it's dumb .. in sorry caitlynn . i hope we can be friends again . 😔 USERNAME . 
but its still sad that today is my last day in town :( hit me up if you wanna have a drink tonight . gonna miss all my great friends . 
am i the only person that works monday ? 😔 
USERNAME i didn't even think about it . i'm sorry meeks ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
party tonight woo hoo . jk can't go . #grounded #fml #sneakingout 
USERNAME me too ! i'm like sitting on instagram waiting for photos 😞 
USERNAME i want tanduay ice ! ! ! ! wala dito :( 
really wished i could sleep in longer but no </3 
USERNAME oo ? curly hair ! ! that's cool . my hair is soo dumb and won't curl right ... only if im lucky that day . :( 
USERNAME your still sick :( can we please hang out soon i miss you so much :/ i've been good lol you ? 
here ... my grandfathers 'funeral mass' :'( (@ holy family catholic church) URL 
USERNAME noo :( i don't have any money , so i can't afford to go ! 
gotta do this english thing but idk what to do 😔 
praying for our horse pretty girl :( i pray she's ok ... i hate to see her like this 
my mom did not just come in my room and wake me up #letmesleep #imtired :( 
trying to convince my parents to take USERNAME and i to colorado for my sixteenth birthday is a lot harder then it sounds🗻 😞 
USERNAME we should ! ! ! i've been looking for a girl who i can go catching with :( 
sometimes i wish i had a girl i could smoke with; i'm always smoking with my babes buds . gets ol d: after a while 😞 #straightup 
USERNAME i'm terrible at ftl . wish i could figure out wtf i'm doing wrong :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME what . i thought i was gonna be bridesmaid :( 
USERNAME i'm trying but just found out i gotta pay 400 bucks to fix my car :( i'm so broke now 
kinda wishing i picked up a shift today after all 😞 
figuring how out how to talk to you is hard 😣 
at the airport , vacations over 😩 😢 😢 👎 
i need to get to my 6,000th tweet faster ! ! ! ! :( 
my heart just dropped to my stomach , and tied its self in a knot ... 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 😪 
USERNAME i know ! im depressed though my brother picked a different one :( 
tapanga can not move ): whatt ! ! ! ! 
figuring out how to talk to you first is hard 😣 
i did nott just miss the one phone call i've been waiting on since i woke up 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 there goes my whole dayy . wann . 
it was snowing ... but then it stopped 😔 #comeon 
man , only if she lived in front of me :( ~ 
#thatmomentwhen people have time for social media but don't have time for you . #smh #sadday 
USERNAME drue , i'm hungry . y'all should be open :( 
i don't know how i'm going to make it through the rest of this weekend . :'( 
USERNAME i have an android ... all i see is a box :( 
USERNAME i know the feeling 😭 i want to get my thigh started 
USERNAME merpp ! ! ): well maybe it's been slow because of the weather haha we know the grill should be clean ! 
absolutely exhausted , struggling to make it to this football game 😔 
USERNAME alex wanted me to start tonight but my mom never went to do the letter and the banks closed til tuesday :( wah 
shout out to USERNAME please don't delete your twitter 😞 😔 bitch 
nervous abs scared to wrestle i'm going lose but i'm nervous someone make me not nervous and scared 😣 😖 😖 😖 😖 😖 😖 😖 😖 😖 
i was sober enough to drive home last night , but not sober enough to not lose another back comb .. 😔 
just deleted everything to get the update ... music and almost all of my apps , only to find out i need wifi . #fml 
that awkward moment when your 11 year old cuz gets more action then you ... #smh im forever alone :( 😿 😔 
seriously i am waiting here for you to notice me but now i know that will never happen :( i give up . 
USERNAME well ! that coulda been mines :'( but nevermindd . 
wow ! can't believe burn notice is on already and missed almost 30 minutes of it :( 
USERNAME i already miss you , i still feel like crying ! :( 
breaking dawn is just 6 days away ! ! 😭 😭 😫 
USERNAME so you don't talk to me and when you do it's always :( 
i wish i could adopt you two :( @ spencer kennel URL 
i will real soon ! ! ! rt USERNAME my future husband hasn't texted me good morning yet :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry girl , if i would of realized it i would of texted you backk :( 
i wish i was going to the gsu vs . uga game . 😔 
USERNAME yeah girl i know trust me ! i'm just ashamed . people are gonna end up killing themselves . it's just not cool at all ! imyy 💔 
USERNAME i know :( maybe its cause i'm used to working doubles every weekend with you ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yall fucked up for cracking on me while i aint been on twitter :( 
wish i was at cortaca with my best friends getting #whitegirlwasted 😔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 💔 
i really need someone to cheer me up man ): 
*tears* as my hair was getting long again i had to trim the ends ..... and now it looks short again :( #hate #haircuts 
wtf happen to the sun man it was so nice now it looks like rain :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME :( i'm just tryna go out ! ! 
USERNAME i really need you to come back next week . i miss you in my lineup :( 
i was really looking forward to practice today . 😔 
let me pay this rent & electric bill . :( i miss the days when i was younger . 
USERNAME i know :( i'll beg mommy and daddy to give me money to come see you at some point before christmas ! 
USERNAME lmaoo ! that's team work .. we only have a couple more hours together :'( 
da d: drink responsibly ! me:hahahaha whaat ? da d: yall niggas drank all the loko & ain't save a nigga none *walks out the house* me :c tfu ! ! ! 
when starships first came out i thought i wasn't going to like it lol . then i heard it and i loved it and then it got big . ): 
they were just so . perfect . gonna go sulk now 😔 💔 
USERNAME tori won't go and see a scary movie ! :( #sadtweet 
andy cat gets a long walk on the leash this morning .. accidentally locked him in the kitchen for my whole trip ! :( poor little dude . 
ohh nikko still not talking to me ! kay cool -___- i don't need friends anyways </3 3 
USERNAME USERNAME biggest mistake was letting USERNAME go ... ): 
USERNAME idk we'll see i'm sick and at work all day :( hopefully if i feel better later ill try to make it out ! 
shane retweeted a taylor swift lyric 😱 .. that made me so happy 😁😁😁 😭 😭 😁😁😁 😭 😁 
USERNAME lmaoo ! i'm sayin ! it was so hard to do i was in line&everything just had to tell myself it wasn't worth it 😔 #swagainteverything 
on a train to la . too early for bar car :-( 
why did she have to go ? :'( rip snow ♥ URL 
USERNAME i know :( ( ill make it up too you , promise ! 
i really hope the part where i waved at the camera doesn't make it :'( that's so embarrassing . lololol 
hope the realize that i'm already big enough to go somewhere :( 
going in a store , & realizing your #ex works there . #awkward #wha #fml 
USERNAME yeah too bad you have a job or you could be here 😢 stupid work😫 
i <3 yourbootyin thatpicUSERNAME thatpoplikethatonany1 goodthinglol #popoverflatanyday ! haha <3 cuzitmakesyourheanshot ! :0 ): 0 ): 0) 
club starts tomorrow and i miss my old team USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😔 💙 🙌 
all the medicine my grandpa has to have to survive :( strongest man i know ! i love you grandpa . URL 
if you whistle will it come too you ? lmao 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME USERNAME 
i got a d on my english class :'( i'm so behind in all of my classes t^t 
USERNAME ahh but i'm off today there sadly 😔 lol 
i work on thanksgiving and black friday as a cashier #fml 
USERNAME i really want to be out there with you my mom<<<<< 😭 💔 
today sounds like i should just stay in bed watch movies and eat . until everyone is off work #homealone ): 
instant tears when i saw my bed and laid in it . 😢 
i hardly see any of my friends from highschool 😔 
thanks to the douchbag that insists on leaving their wet clothes in the washer for 20+ minutes . #gtfo #seriously 😞 
miss my niece already 😭 i just want her to come home already ! 
USERNAME follow me ? ? ? i don't know what the heck else to do ? ? i've been trying way to long ... :( 
USERNAME woww ill be mad if it gets cancelled :( 
#rude #noreply #butshereadit #ifeelthelove #not 😔 😡 💔 USERNAME URL 
USERNAME USERNAME pero dime pork yo no voy a ver nada :( 
why can't i find instagram on my phone ? ? :( 
USERNAME its not golfballs yet :( i want to see that day when ur will be lol 
damn who knew cleaning the house after a week it would be like so freakin dirty again 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME lets not dwell on the past (last night) i'm tryna go out tonight ! don't forget about me :( 
barely getting to see my boyfriend all weekend <<<<< 😞 
i wish USERNAME would take me to ihop now 😔 but she's not even awake ! #starving 
USERNAME el la mía caldo sino :( jajajaj ya casi nos vemos wey me emociono ! ! ! 
my baby brother javi 😥 💚 💙 💜 💚 💙 💜 URL 
USERNAME i don't hate you , i just wish you'd ask me hang out not just watch jada . :( 
being grossly hungover in public should basically be my trademark ..... #fml 
USERNAME the dam hurricane bodied the fridge and flooded my basement so thats on the honey-2-do lis t.t he thing we do to game :'( 
granny in the hospital . definite surgery . 😥 👵👎💉 
i need a laarge dr . pepper and some menudo 😞 
i'm trying to text heather but ny texts aren't going through :( 
USERNAME merp :( good luck ! i miss you ! ! ! ! ! ! 
the cutest girl wanted to hire me at ulta today . disappointed cause i'm not 18 :( 
my parents are eating pizza and i have to eat mashed potatoes :( #mush #postsurgeryprobs 
USERNAME lmmfao that's fucked you said go cry ... 😢 
i soo wish i was at home for the first weekend of deer season ! i always miss deer camp at the farm :( maybe next year 
i think about everything before i do it . tryna prevent from hurting people . nobody does that for me but my mom & my dad tho . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME she was all mad at me lastnight 😞 
USERNAME ... :( it took me a while to make . 
USERNAME all tony and i get is 1 dollar off at meadows 😔 
USERNAME i wish ! ! USERNAME left without me 😔 
don't get me wrong , i love being home . but this house is not a home without my big pup :( 
i just want to go home so bad , i'm so bummed out 😢 
USERNAME text me ! i don't know how your number got erased :( 
i hate when my little pomeranian has seizures :( poor tedwin . 
USERNAME ugh i'm sorry :( that sucks ! are you out ? 
my mom lost her dad to drinking alcohol . reason why i don't like it .. so ready to graduate . my class disappoints me 😔 #theirchoice #notmine 
miss her so much 😭 😭 so glad we caught up on everything last night USERNAME lovee youu ❤ ❤ ❤ 💗💗💗 😘 😘 😘 
tommy trash – shuffle pig (original mix ): a pig hasn’t been this famous since the movie babe . truffle pig , reminding ... URL 
USERNAME my mom isn't even home to take me either :( 
lol nothing happened yet , but shit if she fuck around again and fuck up she will fucken get fucked up . #heatedkem 😐 👺 😾 😾 
miss her so much 😭 😭 so glad we caught up on everything last night USERNAME lovee youu ❤ ❤ ❤ 💗💗💗 😘 😘 😘 URL 
there would be christmas carols on in a grocery store . #fml 
USERNAME u have a point there ! -.- haha and iknoe im old haha . but still tho :( 
USERNAME yeahh what number is marcus ? haha and dudee i won't be back until christmas :( 
kinda just realized that my brother is leaving me alone with my parents for the next 4 years in like 6 months 😔 🔫 USERNAME 
USERNAME :( i'm going to text you what happened .. 
not getting a new bed for christmas because all together it would be around 500+ dollars . 😔 😭 
have to pee so bad but am too comfy :( 
made me feel special for a sec 💔 😢 😰 
USERNAME it's the shit but i missed signing of for the delivery o the 5 so i have to wait till monday :( 
i miss raving , and USERNAME rave family 😭 💔 😔 
i had tears on my eyes when USERNAME said they grow up so fast 😭 
laying in the bed trying to go back to sleep #sick :-( 
USERNAME no it wasn't ours ... they made us throw ours away . :( and are u on the east or west side ? 
my roommates accidentally let hudson out of the house . i went nuts looking for him before i found him crying next to the garage . > :( 
okctoberfest in bloom today ... too bad my life is annoying and i can't drink :( 
macy's not feeling well :( (@ camelwest animal hospital) URL 
USERNAME thank jesus ! i do not do good in cold weather ! texxt me what you're gonna wear tonight and tomorrow night ! i'm undecided :( 
USERNAME omg i miss you so much :( next time i'm at psu were having a chipotle date 
USERNAME me too . <3 i miss you .. </3 
phoebie cried in walmart because i have to work 😢 
did not feel this :( rt USERNAME meteorologists confirm a 5.3 level earthquake originating in eastern ky was felt in ohio at about 12:15 p . m . 
i wanna cough soo bad but its too quiet in here 😭 
i have to be honest , its not easy but for the first time in my life my pride is not a problem , i had em all but i dont want no body but you 😔 
when mom starts to cry that's when i don't know what to do ! 😫 😭 
USERNAME wow we suck :( i jst wanna go shopping 
USERNAME USERNAME noo , i waited too long to order . marathon pink argyle in small is sold out :-( #fail 
USERNAME i miss u baby ! last nite i had to have my convos with mother corn :( 
my last time keeping books with coach potter(noland) :( #thinkimightcry #imissher 
when people you know become people you once knew 😔 <<< 
u know u ugly when you ain't in nobody's #mention20goodlookingpeopleontwitter 👎 😣 
listening to depressing music definantely isn't making me feel any better . 😔 
USERNAME your a pile of shit i still dont like you > :c 
last day of play in the sandbox in a long time :( @ lake bluff school URL 
its actually so cold out i cant even function :( (( 
ya know having a blast 25 stitched later 😔 💉💊 URL 
USERNAME we miss you too ! iswear we havnt forgot abt you my nigga ! everytime we pass your house .. we all like mayne we miss lala ): 
can't see my boy tonight :( #boo #imissyou #thissucks #stupidwork 
i live far out so i get reports cards later than people who live in town . 😿 
USERNAME i'm so jealous ! my family and everyone is there except me 😭 
USERNAME ohh okay , well if you guys do tell me and i can have my mom drop me off over there cus nobody tell me yesterday .. :( smh . 
florida ! how i want to go backk 😔 ☀🏊🚢✈ 
i want my fave white boy to visit me in plymmyy this weekend 🙏 😭 USERNAME 
USERNAME no poopy :( tmrw , merp . it will be a difficult night without you lol 
i miss sammy 😞 only person i feel like talking to haha ... 
USERNAME cause u live dts & i live up here ! 😢 
so sad that my pipe is broken .... maan :( 
i just want you to follow me . okay ? ): USERNAME 
i wanna go see grease but have noone to go with .. ): *sigh* 
i wish i could have a friend with benefits :( 
mine rejected & my belly button ring ripped out ): i refuse to get it repierced ! 
USERNAME whyy ? :( where u go now ? ? 
lil bandz can retweet but can’t text me back 😔 
thanks to the hospital my hand is now bruised . :( URL 
i miss ma family ohdee i just wanna be layen around the liven room doing nothing till my aunt gets up n yells at us USERNAME 😔 😔 😔 
i wish i could have been in this picture :( #memories URL 
: :c inema dec 8th:: #savethedate @ cinema nightclub URL 
spor tamam simdi kahvalti zamani . sonra temizlik ve dus dahada sonra odev :( 
USERNAME hahaa ! lmao omg ha i imy too :( ( 
USERNAME you love that cold weather shit bruh . it's cuz you got that birthday- super bowl combo . miss you dude :( 
im a murderer :( ( r . i . p ipod 
USERNAME you and me both ! 🐟🐠🐬🐳🏊 wish they had a mermaid emoji 😔 
guys the earthquake was because of me . i'm sorry , i jumped ... 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i ment gahh super sorry , haley girl ): 
i had a dream i pierced my own lip and it was cutee ! :/ and iwoke up and it was gone :( 
damn tried to find a excuse and still gotta go in #fml 
this new girl at the tanning place has an attitude . i'm a regular , you're suppose to be nice to regulars :'( 
USERNAME it hurts to walk talk laugh sit .. to move ): #weregonnadie 
USERNAME i hope you like this terezi c :{ : ~blushes~ ((had to fix it)) URL 
USERNAME good ! ! ! having fun in lexington without me ): 
USERNAME me so lonely no one takes gbs like we do :( 
when i got to san antonio yesterday noone was at the game anymore :( 
probably played my last high school football game last night :( #depressed 
USERNAME she was really sick .. i cant talk about it or ill start crying again tho :( but i love you 
USERNAME no :( just come stay at my house ! we have this thing called a misfit thanksgiving and grammy wants you to come ! 
USERNAME hasn't been on twitter for awhile . #makesmesad . 😔 
justin bieber and selena gomez broke up ! 😢 😠 it was cause of that stupid victoria’s secret whore ! i know it ! ! ! 
the worst part about coming back is all the memories we have here 💔 
USERNAME i tried signing up but it gave me an error when i tried connecting with twitter :( 
fuckk ! i hella slept in .. almost late for work ! 😖 😭 
college football game day and i'm at work . #terrible 😔 
my last volleyball game probably till high school ): #sad lets go assumption 
if USERNAME doesn't wake the fuck up anytime soon 😾 
i wish i could be with USERNAME today on our five months . #imisshim 😔 💜 
i wish he would stop trynna play with my feelings </3 
1 to 10 at work today .. boo :( so not excited ! ! #feelinglazy 
fuck man i should get out of bed already 😞 
made it through a friday night during the biggest looser contest ! ! ate healthy all day , didn't work though . i was tired . 😢 
USERNAME yeah , i'm gonna do it for the weekend and if i don't feel like it's changed much , i'll go in for the two-week long haul :-( 
USERNAME i need to see you ! ! ! come as soon as emmy gets back , we miss you at emmanuel :( 
i wish USERNAME still lived in cove :( god knows i'm there every other day USERNAME USERNAME 
#grandmas #leaving :( back to #puertorico #notokay @ terminal 5 URL 
USERNAME missed out on my pumpkin pancakes last night #sadtweet 
okaay everyone ... my snap chat isn't working :'( ((( 
woke up in the weirdest position .. back is killing me :( 
when you have to tell your bestfriends' that your moving << :'( it's really heart breaking but im not going anywhere far > 
USERNAME you guys just cant catch a break ! ! ! ! wtf :( 
seriously so depressed that i'm not in tucson right now for homecoming :( being a grown up sucks . #missmybros #gocats 
john got me sick and refuses to take credit for it :c 
well , we're off to see the wizard ... angel needs a new body :( (with caryn at paoletti home) — URL 
that moment when everyone around you is on their phones 😔 📱📱📱 
made it through the funeral :( now getting all fancy with adam ! it's wedding time . can't wait to see my girls , USERNAME & USERNAME 
USERNAME can you please follow me ? i'm having a really bad day today :( if you follow me ill be super happy ;) 
knowing that when i look in the audience , i won't see your face <<<<< #hurtssobad 😩 💔 👎 😭 
really dreading tomorrow :( not going to be a good day at all 
i really wish i could go see miw in nc on the 13th :( but can't where my hours have drastically been cut 
no guidebooks or maps left for USERNAME - past several yrs have been this way . can't afford to pay/donate $30. i'm a broke artist . 😞 
USERNAME i won't bc you won't be there 😔 😒 butt i'll see you in the morning ! 😁😁😁 
i miss my work family </3 i wanna go home and work 
i want a puppy so bad , but i know that i'm so busy i wouldn't be able to give it 100% of my attention . #sadtweet 
my stomach must seriously just hate me the past few days ... :( #nauseous #tired 
USERNAME you got your grade ? ! mine isn't up there ! :( 
visiting my old hood . so sad :( (@ manhattan beach) URL 
oomf said they'll get me a puppy but i know they're lying . 😔 🐶 😭 
:( k . rt USERNAME its okay we’ll keep it between us . rt trigguhtre: lol never ... rt USERNAME tre called me phigguh *shrugs* 
just officially applied for my first job . i don't like this :( 
i just got elbowed in the head and my head already hurt :( 
#tmi i am a right handed being . i do things primarily with my right hand . i had to wipe my ass using my bee-stung right index finger :( 
USERNAME i do too :( so much pain . and i text you awhile ago and never got a response ... cool cody lol 
aww lauren just came down stairs crying because she had a bad dream 😔 😘 😘 
i dont feel good and i want to go to bed ! ! im such a baby when i get sick but it only happens like once a year . ughh my body hurts :-( 
USERNAME thankss maraam ! ♡ ;** i miss u moree :'( 
i want to go to hogwarts . ! 😭 ✨ 
i refuse to ever change my twitter header photo 💚 😢 
all of my friends are gone .... 😩 😭 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
imma miss him though because he going to alaska :( 
i really miss my best friends from high school . what happened 😞 
wish i could be with my loves ): work blows 
USERNAME your lying ! ! ! ! ! ): #dontplay ! lol fuck . did they get cray ? 😳 
USERNAME all of my roommates are gone :( i don't wanna go alone lol 
i only have a 30 min break and there's a huge line for subs :( #dammit 
i mad my girl mad now im sad she might not cum ovah for thanksgiving :'( 
seriously heartbroken over justin and selena's break up :-( #sosad 
USERNAME why is time not being nice to you ? 😔 
USERNAME told you it's not in s t.t homas ! 😏 
USERNAME im in gran rapids and know a bunch of people in the detroit / ann arbor area but i just dont have a way down there :( 
just got elbowed in the nose . my whole face hurts . thanks USERNAME lol . #blackbeltproblems #myfacehurts #fml #ouch 
USERNAME i'm sorry hunny ! ! :( it sucks so bad ! ! ! ! ! 
im sad , why ? because USERNAME will never retweet me :c , not even in my dreams </3 
missin my family :( can't decide whether or not to go home next week :/ #2daysofdriving =lesstraining #stuck 
USERNAME come visit me ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
#iwillneverunderstand why we want the people we can't have . 😔 
i'm gonna miss a lot of people next tri .. 😢 
that moment when the doorknob to your bedroom falls off and you're locked inside until the building manager can come and get you out . #fml 
USERNAME i miss you ! haven't heard from you in ages :( do you even remember me ? ? 
nasia up there and i'm not 😔 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME same haha thnx for asking . my parents left for mexico today and left me :( 
USERNAME i've been thinking of that too . i'm gonna miss you more 😔 
candle died before he got here 😔 thanks for being fashionably late ! hahaha happy birthday doc ! ! joz @ costco URL 
USERNAME i didn't get anything :( ((( i'm gonna text you from josh's phone ! 
i'm kind of bummed that andy and i don't get to spend any holidays together this year :( 
USERNAME those are my least two favorite from the album ! ! :-( 
when USERNAME is with USERNAME and i'm not :( ((( 
crying so hard right now . takahashi , why you so fickle ? poor nana . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i won't get to see here until winter break 😩 😭 💔 
my dog got bitten by a spider 😔 🐶👾 💔 
i wanted to see USERNAME sing tonight :-( ( omg 
why am i so sick all the time ? 😔 
watching the breakup of kat von d and deadmau5 live on twitter now :( 
very emotional today . thinking about everything we . #sadtweet #fuck #ineedtostop 
USERNAME lmfao .. i see she does look a lil like gaga ... :( 
i havnt seen USERNAME in forever it seems :( .. an i seen her last night ! 
every time we eat jordan b staring at our food like he wants some ! wish i could give him some :( 
missing kc right now ! i want to go to westport and enjoy a bubble tea . 😔 
i relate to this episode of boy meets world so much 😔 . 
came to the bar & can't even watch the texas game 😢 food & beer it is ! guess ill watch on my phone app . go horns ! ! ! 
that awful feeling when you realize it's the last day of your vacation :-( 
USERNAME i cant see damn emojis cause i dont have my phone ... ): 
at buffalo wild wings with the fam but can't eat #fml #wrestlerprblms 
sold the passat this morning ... sad to see it go :( 
what i wanna know is how you gone say it was a little cut but crying like you got shot smh thought you got stabbed got me feeling bad 4 u :( 
i really need one of those really right hugs 😔 
want to go dog sledding . wish i could go to my brothers . 😔 
USERNAME :( noo :( if we did i would of remembered 
my phone has been acting up lately , i think it's all part of apples scheme to make the 4's obsolete now ... 5 here i come 😔 💵💵💨 
i really have to do my paper , but i really wanna take a nap 😔 
USERNAME cant see u on your show without u being wit selena .... i feel sad . :-( 
USERNAME i came in from chicago & am very disappointed i wasn't allowed into the museum with my reciprocal membership . :( #badservice 
USERNAME no . i ment to call you . n i thought i texted u back . but trust me last night was a really uncomfortable thing . :( 
so depressed that i'm missing ryan lochte at the mn grand prix right now . :( (((( 
party tonite ! jus gtta get outta work :/ 3 more hours 😔 
falling asleep n i still have 4 more hours 😣 
but i look like a homeless person in it . 😞 
i want to go to my place , santa barbara ,, i freaking miss it ): 
USERNAME what the heck i wanted someone to go out or breakfast with me ! and here you are sitting a island cafe ! :( hahahahah 
i guess nicki dosnt need to keep an eye out for selena anymore .. :( 
this episode of boy meets world just made me cryy 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME niall my friend USERNAME has been doing terrible things . plz tweet her u care . she feels no1 does :( URL 
i wish i could live with my dad all the time 😔 
boo you forever 21 for keeping my clothes hostage 😭 
USERNAME lol ok ok i just didn't wanna be by myself :( like how i'm by myself smoking right now :( 
my bed is the bestest . i don't wanna get up and i won't do it ! > :( 
was suppose to go see a movie today but i guess nt , :( 
why is it my luck all banks are closed in fargo on saturday when i don't have a debit card due to duke eating it ! #4dollarstomyname #fml 
being sick sucks .... because when i wake up i just feel disgusting and i never want to get out of bed 😔 😣 
michigan , please come faster . i miss you , and my friends and family . 😥 
i wish there was something i can do 😔 😞 
i hate waking up early on a saturday . 😔 
can't wai t.t o . go . homee . tomore 
USERNAME i know :( i wish someone legit would have bought it and kept the menu 
USERNAME omg yeah , i don't blame you . :( sends hugs 
USERNAME USERNAME #gop #truethevote idk why ☹ and who will lead w/ the pursuing ? 
when i was 16 i could drink 3 days in a row easily . age 22, 2 days kick my ass . #round3tonight #fml 
USERNAME hahaha it so is . i can't even talk about them to my friends . haha it gets on there nerves . 😞 😩😤 
USERNAME it hasn't moved since i've been home . it needed to get out :( 
i can't even eat my vegan kung pao :c #stopbeingsadmarley 
my dads got damn blowsdryer went out in the middle of me drying my hair 😔 
i wanna go to the galleria but i have no money :( 
USERNAME USERNAME sorry guys i forgot about you :( its cause i was just talking to them i love my white girls <3 sorry :( 
so braun is engaged ? let the text messages from friends trying to comfort me in this sad time , begin . another 1 bites the dust #lovehim 💔 
USERNAME i really wish i could help ! makes me sad to see so much was lost 😢 . 
USERNAME last time i txted u yu nvr answered :( 
x-rays & strep tests :( @ red wing mayo clinic URL 
USERNAME yes it does stupid slippery blueberry gym made me do it :( 
USERNAME mora 😭 😭 😭 whenever i see your mom i see coffee bean 😪 
damn . now i'm down to only 6 left .. 😣 
no idea what to do tonight :( gotta leave the teenage world in style i guess 
USERNAME its been soo long since i've seen youu :( (( like 2 days ... but still 
i wish we were tailgating today .. it the lat home game of the year :( #sadday 
i wish being a workaholic really meant selling fridges and getting wasted all the time . #workingtheweekend #fml 
i wish USERNAME would come to amc .. i miss my best friend :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i have islie though and she can't be in your car :( 
USERNAME im being ignored by you ........ this is depressing </3 
USERNAME you're gross 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 lol 
giving my cheering team a mini USERNAME concert since i wont be going tonight 💔 #believe 
USERNAME welcome lol i left and my fuzzy socks were cold and wet ): 
just realized my leggings are see thru thanks to the guy sitting next to me on the train #fml #sonotcool 
i feel like USERNAME hasn't tweeted any sexy pics in a loong time #sadtweet 
USERNAME that's just gross haha so are the think black ones some girls have haha weirds me out everytime i see it haha 😣 
USERNAME haha because it's true . thanks for giving everyone else a self-esteem drop . 😔 
police line ... do not cross :( @ msu denver - student success building URL 
USERNAME my swag is out of control we can fix dis doh </3 
wish i was going to hunter hayes and carrie underwood tonight :( (( 
where are all my beanies i haven't brushed my hair in days :( 
stevensville pageant tonight to watch USERNAME give up her crown 👑 😥 👸 
but i have to wait until christmas to get it . ): 
soo fucking sick 😢 anybody wanna bring me some icecream ? 
no one wants to match ? okay then . :c 
USERNAME aww i miss you too :( text me and tell me what happened ! 
i miss my USERNAME so much i haven't seen her in the longest 💔 😔 
USERNAME i wish you were here with me too :( (( 
moma shouldnt have to do this much for me to stay in school :( 
i'm hungry for waffles with peanut butter and grape jam . i miss my waffle maker . :-( 
i can't believe were all about to graduate soon ): #sadtweet 
being interviewed by msg varsity . so sad the season ended so fucking fast 😢 URL 
USERNAME benim hediyede gitti o vakit sen cuzdani caldirdiysan :( ( 
oh no . i'm that girl that's stopped in front of the right lane and isn't turning . 😔 #sosorry #permissiontohateme 
USERNAME i know we didn't plan on this season but i guess i'm glad i still played . if it wasn't for soccer we would've never met 😭 
that devastating feeling when you hit pan on your powders , blushes , and bronzers .. :( #girlprobz 
have absolutely no time for anything this weekend but studying and homework 😣 #college 
& don't no children wanna bury their parents ! :( 
USERNAME awhh no :( i hope its not the one thats already depressed 
USERNAME exactly ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i didn’t start watching until the 50th minute , because this team makes me insane :( 
USERNAME i know 😔 hopefully i see you soon and give you a good lap dance i'm good at that 😗 lol 
USERNAME = please inform that young lady that i am offended & would like a word with her . 😭 
the worst part of my day is watching you leave .. 😔 
home in bed tryna look up this stuff dis lady said is gonna be on her gi system quiz monday 😞 
words cannot explain just how difficult it is to wake up and leave for work with a sleepy , cuddling boyfriend still in bed 😔 
my hips always hurt when i lay on my sides :( 
this is what happens when your bestfriend isn't here you do nothing .. lol #loveyousomuch USERNAME &tell your daddy my family said sorry :'( 
the worst part about my sore throat and lost voice is that i can't sing in the car to my favorite songs . 😔 🎤 
i just wanna nap . i got to work less than an hour ago . #gonnabealongday #11hrsleft :( 
i want to cut my hair but i have a feeling i’ll hate it after ! 😔 #decisions 
nothing like a 2hrs long wedding ceremony . :( ( @ st . rose of lima catholic church URL 
i wish i wasn't sick . i wanna go meet my nephew 😔 
my tatt needs to heal asap ! irritating as phuck :( 
USERNAME nothing much ! :( movie time ! ! hbu ? follow me ? 
USERNAME court tweeted a picture she says they look gross :( 
i hate this blackberry . i want my iphone back ): 
USERNAME stfuu ! ! ! ! its nt fait ur shorter :( 
USERNAME steph i didnt get a text from you ..... :( 
can you wake up already ? i wanna talk to you ): 
USERNAME i fell asleep while wwatching it . new people , the guys ugly tho :( 
USERNAME i miss you too corney ): 9 days ! ! ! ! 
i hate being sick ! :( this fucking sucks . 
buffalo wild wings commercial came on ! that sounds soo good ! ! 😔 
this is where it starts all over for me 💔 . i can’t believe this happened but i have no choice but to deal with it and move on . 
mz . USERNAME meup ! £0£ #theoneshecalledahoe ! #sofunny -£ovedherin ! #girli hearya ! :0 ): 0 ): 0) 
USERNAME hahah lucky :( the hangover is finally starting to kick in #drinkup 
i hope i get discharged tonight so i dont have to be in the hospital for mommabears birthday 😔 🙏 
im getting a bit emotional this is my puppy layla the day i got hit by a car on liams bday </3 USERNAME URL 
burnt my tongue so bad on hot chocolate 😐 😔 
why aren't i at lbg :( ? ! ? ! 
i got the point that i should leave you alone , but we both know that i'm not that strongg andd i miss the lips that made me flyy .. </3 
hearing the crowd scream raider power on tv gives me the chills ..... i'm really going to miss going to college football games 😔 #techmemories 
USERNAME i'm sorry chase :( i didn't send any , i just got one lol 
heading home to sleep . gonna be a quiet weekend without my babies :-( they gonna be partying it up with their pop . URL 
ugh i got work in an hour 😞 soo looks like ima goto starbucks till then 😁 
USERNAME i will be upset if i don't see my buddy before she leaves :( 
that awkward moment when your laying down on your phone and drop it on your face 😞 
USERNAME would be nice . do it while you're young&everyone is easy to find ! my best childhood friend passed away :( lots moved too . sad . 
last day of basic 😢 #groundlings #ihatesayinggoodbye signing out ... #katorkathy @ g2 the groundlings school URL 
mere bear has got me all sappy now thinking about everything i've loved about soccer and every crazy thing my team has done together 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME mehh .. i miss my bestfriend too :( 
shitty friday evening and probably ganna be a shitty weekend #depression #atits #worst 
USERNAME girl i was just about to text you ! i'm so sorry , my sister talked me into going with her to get her tattoo :( 
USERNAME awe .. i guess i'll just let you keep them and just sleep in your bed :( 
USERNAME can you please release these later in the day when people are actually home or make them last longer :( 
USERNAME damn ! i'm at wabash for a football game :( guess i won't be seeing you then lol 
pretty sure i have a fever :( please let me get better after today ! ! ! i really want to go to knott's 😕 .. 
bye bye license 😔 #backtotheoldlife @ bedford , nh URL 
i've never been without my sister for more than 3 days at a time . this is gonna suck . 😫 😭 🎎 USERNAME 
every scary law and order comes to mind when i'm in my boss' attic 😣 
when i listen to fix a heart it makes me miss cierra so much 😔 
she wouldnt let me hld her on da bus > :( 
supposed to go to katrina's house party today but i don't even have the money , #fml 
actually upset that i'm not going to the justin bieber concert at the garden tonight 😔 
my heart aches when i see cars driving in lines with their hazards on for funerals 😔 
no stop take me to the garden im begging 😭 😭 #imsad 
USERNAME ... does this mean you're on your way to the 3:45pm flight :( tracy hasn't arrived yet she came from philly :( 
USERNAME baha me too ! ? ? 😔 and i would be too 
USERNAME omg ! ! ! super good but the plate bent in the crazy processes of trying to stay dry ): but USERNAME ate the last one 
not looking good for our rose bowl trip USERNAME :( 
how am i supposed to get over you , when i keep having dreams about me and you being friends ? :( 
still gets me everytime . #mufasa #simba #lionking #disney #sadtweet #tears #stupidscar URL 
i am literally crying because mr . feeny just died on grey's anatomy . 😭 😭 
... no one ? ? ? ok 😢 😢 #rt #teamlesbian #teamfemme 
USERNAME or fewer ! ? i guess i don't exist . ): URL 
the struggle is real without my other half here 😔 😢 😩😫 USERNAME 
USERNAME smfh ... my favorite earrings 😭 💔 he better buy me some new ones that look exactly the same ill choke him 
we were really looking forward to romney election :-( URL 
i miss you 😢 i've changed so things would be different . #bemine #please #iwantyou 
i hate seeing my baby brother so sad ... 💔 😔 
USERNAME is gonna be in boston , where i live , and i'm not gonna see him 😫 #makesmesomad #andsad 😢 
i can't begin to explain how attractive that guy is . #loveme #sadtweet 
USERNAME can i guess you were asking me to sub on the marathon ? sorry i’ve been sick and was knocked out on drugs all day :( 
oh how wish to be canning :( ugh . i hope my sigma kappa are canning their butts off ! 
back home 😥 i wanna go back to esu i miss paigey 
when USERNAME tells me he throws up when he sees my face :( #someboyfriend 
USERNAME following you .. while you don't follow me back 💔 that's all i'm doing today .. sad right ? ... 
this is USERNAME announcing that she misses the crap out of her boyfriend today ! 😢 💔 👎 USERNAME 
USERNAME i know why you put this tho 😦 👌 😔 
gotta swallow my pride & just make this call 😩 😖 😞 😣 #slowlydyinginside 
how did i cut my arm last night ? #notcool 😞 😔 
my rooms the coldest room in the house that the only thing that sucks about this room 😞 
two more weeks till the body gets alil more ink put in it 😔 
USERNAME oh dang . i don't have any majestic t shirts ): 
USERNAME aww my lovie feel better :( let me know if you have to go 
omg mom your embarassing me infront of my friends :( naptime ayee 
when my dads calls me and says send me some picture of what you want for christmas ill get you some extra #donttellmom will do da d: ): ) 
© well all i can say is that today's metal scene is effortless and not creative , saddens me to see bands that do deserve attention fall :( 
so it's was just a game ? 😢 💔 #liesboystell 
USERNAME can you take a picture outside ! ! ! i miss preston royal shopping center :( :( i miss my home 
it feels amazing outside . i miss this kinda weather ): 
my legs are killing me from dancing so much last night . 😔 
when USERNAME dosent text you cause she's going shopping :( < 
USERNAME please do ! i miss my best friend ! 😢 and we still haven't had our talk ! 
last night was almost too much fun . is that possible ? 😞 #drained 
my phone blowing up everyone hit me but her </3 
i need a fake id but i'd be too much of a scaredy cat to actual use it ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME noo way ive wanted to listen to that song for so long ..... :( 
USERNAME it's chill . i'm lazy sometimes too ! ): 
USERNAME i'm having a really hard time enjoying my wings because of my sore throat . 😢 
having four holes in your mouth is not a good time :( 
USERNAME bring it by i go in at four today :( 
i searched all over my room for all of my disney pins to find out i'm probably not even going to disney land any more . :( 
that feelin u get when u wake up and realize that one special person aint there :( #lonely 
USERNAME we are still counting in washington state - so fl is not the slowest :( 
why god why ! ? ! someone pulled the fire alarm on my floor . ): 
USERNAME i'm in ur neck of the woods 😔 i guess u working oh well next time ! 
i am seriously so bored . i can't even play my piano :( 
USERNAME noo i didn't at all 😔 randoms were just showing up and i told them it was a kickback . 
USERNAME fuck you bitch , get back to eating your blueberry pancakes fucking fat ass :( 
that feelin u get when u in a old boo's city 😢 lol 
confusedd of course . something isn't right and i really don't like it .. #sadtweet #miserable 😰 😰 
USERNAME omg :( im so sorry ... ughh i wish they had said something ! 
my ear is starting to hurt ..... i better not be getting an ear infection 😣 
woow my mom left for ireland today and i completely forgot i wouldn't be home to say bye :( 
4.5 hour flight here we go :( #shuttingdown #houstonbound #travelwoes (@ gate a7) URL 
i get excited when i see those stupid iphone boxes cuz i know what they mean now lol .... didn't know what yall were talkin about with my bb 😢 
USERNAME and we didn't even get to tailgate for our last home game 👎 😭 😢 
fairlane doesn't have a mrs . fields does it ? 😧 
i think i've cried more in the past 3 months here than i have my entire life 😭 💔 
USERNAME denny hamlin losing parts . snow/cold weather made me stay home with livestock . :( 
i wish leo was here :( but i forgot him at shelbies . dammit . 
they're closing every baker shoe store on long island . 😫 😧 👎 
USERNAME doing the hw is gonna be the hardest part 😔 
i know you're trying to help but i really don't want your opinion anymore 😞 
USERNAME i've been waiting for you to get home ... :( 
USERNAME :( omg that use to be my favorite movie to watch as a kid holy balls ;o she has long ass hair i'm jelly 
sleeping in a freezing cold house with no heat ! 😁 😥 URL 
ok so i just had the krusty krab pizza song stuck in my head .... and now i want pizza ): 
haha i sorry 😔 i didn't know yall was into lizard lounge type shit 😁 
USERNAME ahh im already en route to the buck dwelling 😔 you prolly wouldnt have recognized me though💩 😖 
had so much fun in sedona , so so sad to leave 😥 😰 😪 
USERNAME cuz my momma talks too much and always want us to drive her sumwwea lol ): 
USERNAME i'm sorry you feel so terrible :( no more crown russe hahaha 
USERNAME oh noo ! i'm so sorry :( feel better soon ! ! 
getting ready to go do the grocery shopping :( this will take at least an hr , got a long list this wk , gonna try some new recipes 
whyy do i have to work on such a pretty day :( #sucks #clarionprobs 
just not in the mood for work on this beautiful day 😔 
hold me now , come on out and find me ! 😔 pressures on , common out and find me ! 😞 
wish i was going back to worcester today #missmyfriends ): 
ugh #mention20goodlookingpeopleontwitter is trending & no one tweets me ? :( 
headed to the er :( hope they can help me feel better 
citizen cope – lifeline (figure remix ): i’m proud to be heavily involved in a musical genre that is edm . i embrace ... URL 
i seriously love the jersey shore cast , i'm gonna cry when its the last episode :( 
it's going to be a long day ! :( #sick #sore #lemon #apples #cinnamon #tea #tylenol #homem @ home sweet home ❤ URL 
where at ? ? rt USERNAME idid terrible at my audition :'( 
i wonder , when will i fall asleep in his arms ? #hopeful 😔 
game day today , and my ankle fat as ever :( 
i can't eat the unpasteurized honey my grandpa brought me . 😭 
USERNAME lmfao , you bitch ! ! ! i want that picture :( ( haha 
real friends i had" didn't get me into these problems ): 
i have to go to the mall later , ion know what i wanna wear 😔 
USERNAME my parents are coming to see me in a couple hours otherwise i would ! :( 
i forget i have a nephew ... i wish he was close so we can hang out and i can be a fun uncle ! #sadtweet 
i get the worst headaches when i cry . #fml 
USERNAME no more swagger wagon 😔 but you'll think my new car is a beauty though . 
well this weekend is shot to shit .. , i was trying to relax and i fuck everything up #why #fuckup #: :( ( 
. im never gonna catch up with nick . :( how does he do it ? ( ._.) *kicks foot in the dust* 
i better find your lovin i better find your heart </3 
USERNAME ohh hush it's saturday ! i bet you won't even leave your dorm ! ! i have to be in the water 😰 😢 and i'm sick . 
fck ... black oops 2 is about to come out , deuces to my brother & bf . 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME darnit ! i wanted the world to know 👎 😿 
looking into the transferring process is actually really depressing # 😔 
USERNAME yess except i've lost USERNAME along the way ? :( 
USERNAME noo i don't want to do that . ill stop talking about it forever now . :( 
this mood i'm in today <<<<<<<<< i do not like it at all 😞 
orr , don't text back . i guess i'll be fine . 😒 😔 💔 
just . text . me . now . 💔 💔 
just realized the dear john soundtrack is no longer on itunes 😭 
2 more weeks then back to work 😭 . i should've taken 6 months off instead of 3 😐 
i'm going to take no response as a big go fuck yourself . 😔 oh well ... 
stop liking my pics on ig . 😔 #depressing #toomanymemories #thinkingofyou 
i wish he noticed me but i guess it will never happen 😞 🔫 
yeah i probably shouldn't have eaten 9 pieces of cici's pizza last night :( 
USERNAME hahahaha nah my dad was like to my mom calm down , she wont even get in 😞 
i just realized next season is USERNAME last season .... heartbreaking 💔 
USERNAME lol oh my god ... did someone being them inside ? oh no ): 
i don't even do anything wrong :( i'm at work for gods sake 
i just wish love and basketball was on right now .. ): 
re watching my recording of skin and bones from crushfest omg i miss them :( 
as an auburn fan i agree but as a realist it doesn't look possible 😔 
USERNAME i didn't buy :( they looked soo yummy tho 
my family tailgating in iowa city for family weekend without me :( amanda and al USERNAME USERNAME 
every time i need to get up my cat falls asleep on me ): 
my mom made chicken marsala and i'm too full to eat it #fml #latenightmcdonaldsruns 
i would give anything to be able to sleep right now 😔 #wishfulthinking 
USERNAME if i could i would but they check your bags :( 
i hate being squished on my own bed 😞 #fuckedup 
USERNAME we're all meant to meet them . like i told u , maybe this time jst wasnt our time . but i still wish none of this would b happenin :( 
waiting about a half hour to eat brunch :( (@ ihop) URL 
how am i going to fist pump today with a stiff neck #edcorlando #fml 
USERNAME noo 😭 momma didn't come through w a hotel this time lol it's not armin so she doesn't understand + ur at edc lols 
whyy tf does it still hurts ? ? ? > :[ ouch ! 
i hope you can fin a way to forgive me .. #please 💔 
the USERNAME lost a fan today a great women , mother , and friend who loved peko . :'( 
why can't i find canes vs cavaliers on reg channels ugh :( 
just got talked into eating a breakfast burrito with eggs ! i almost threw up i hate eggs ! :( (( ! 
USERNAME oo damn :( ( u cant change ur plans 
road trip is almost over .. :( back to woodstock #lame 
even when it's day time i still can't tend to handle a scary movie . 😳 😭 
damn .. and i thought USERNAME knew how to pick the crazies ............... ain't got nothin on these dudes around me . #fml 
but its hard cause he all i seem to think about :( 
hooww is the line always soo long at chipotle ? ! ! ! <<< #thatshitidontlike 😁 😔 😒 👎 
USERNAME stupid ass xavier wanna du stupid shit nd nw he got andre thinking i started back fuckn wit him :'( 
USERNAME i like being a freshie :( i don't want next years skankfaces to come 
man , whole foods is hopping today ! no wonder their wifi is so slow and useless . = :( 
#family in my #prayers today . wish i could be there 😞 😔 
wish i was in tunica , ms right now w USERNAME celebrating his big win last night ! 💔 
and found 15 pairs of pants i can't fit into :( yepp time to start my diet . 
USERNAME fuck you ! ! that hurt 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i wanna go out today but idk if my body will let me 😓 😢 😪 😥 😫😷 
hopefully USERNAME figures out why the whole household is sick :( prob from USERNAME and his sickness , contaminated the damn house 
i want my other kitty home . 😿 #getbetter #itsbeentoolong #imissyou URL 
i was hoping i'd see all of my irving friends last night , but i didn't see most of them :( 
i’m never going to see USERNAME again i know it . 😢 💔 #missmyfriend 
USERNAME ikr ! lol && it was my only one with pink in it ! 😞 
#sometimesiwonder why doesn't USERNAME respond to my tweets than i realize that he doesn't love me :( 
this breaks my heart :( “USERNAME transgender students violently assaulted at university of western cape URL 
theyre all gonna get their phones ready to record me when i fall :'( 
USERNAME i bet , i miss you :( i can't see your emoji tho , i don't have an iphone anymore d: 
USERNAME yessyess ! we're gonna we back that wednesday and thursday . we have to come back for work :( 
having to go out in public with no makeup and your natural hair <<<< 😔 
USERNAME lol no one goes halfs with me so :( . and idc mission back here for me :* 
got a nose bleed ! whatt ? ? ? :( 
forgot my aviators for this plane ride . i'm quite disappointed in myself ! :( 
USERNAME it's my brothers bday i'm not gonna be able to make it to the westcott :( so much to do , so little time 
i tried to eat . i jst can't :( & idk why . 
my dad is too funny sometimes . makin me jealous 😞 URL 
USERNAME i know :( ( we will meet one day ! 
thinking you did good on a test and not doing as well . #sadtweet 
i miss USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME soo much :( 
USERNAME i know :( it's not fair ... i really hope they see how badly we wanted to meet them .. ugh 
i really just wanna see you today , but i dont think it will happen . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME you probably deserved it ! ... leavin us :( 
USERNAME i love them so much . the concert is next week :( 
USERNAME yea i'm pretty sure they are going to lose this game . :( 
it's so nice out side i just want to wear shorts but i don't have any with me 😔 ☀🌞 
when you see something that reminds you of your old best friend and you wish you guys were still friends<<< 😭 😭 
it hurts to see you have no sense of humor left #scared 😢 
im not insecure ! i just wana know . :( 
why did wake up with my whole body hurting today 😣 😖 
lagi dengerin lagu + kedinginan :( (rt USERNAME :USERNAME hahaa , lagi apaa ? 
had a date with USERNAME and her lil one today and my baby got sick 😔 got to reschedule for sure lol 
he deleted his pics of sel off his instagram ! ! ! ! this is real it's happening :'( 
he was a good man .... never knew he'd dig his own grave one day 😭 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME URL 
blaze's new toplaner looks like nikhun . don't be so good or i might unintentionally choose you over shy . :( ( 
USERNAME then why you actin different :( i used to be able to talk to you about anything .. 
no mo purple hair 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😩😩😩 
USERNAME he literally , will not . it's mind blowing honestly i'm so bored :( what are you doing 
USERNAME USERNAME neither of us are gonna be home tonite boo :( i have a volleyball game at wilcox for states and ginas at uconn😪😪 
USERNAME USERNAME mandy's right , you're really lucky . i wish i were 5'7. :c 
fuck man .. some rough shit .. made my stomach hurt wish i could help my mom </3 . 
USERNAME if you ever have extra tickets just automatically assume i want them . i love the movies i just always poor ! 😭 😭 and yes next week ! 
- i miss kia :( , even tho she 10 feet away . 
ready for december 10th ! closing date on the house and hopefully my car will be fixed by then . #hatecaraccidents :( 
USERNAME sad :( after dropping it soo many times without even a scratch 😭 but just the back is ruined so its not that bad ! 
shoulda came over . had mobody to game with :( 
USERNAME :( i thought i was hilarious until you said that part . fuckin' jerk . i'm going to go do more hair and ignore my hunger . 
does anyone know when and where he said this ? ? ? :'( ((( URL 
i just wanna sleep ! ! ! but i gotta go to work .. 😴 😭 #money 
USERNAME i love you ! and many more though :( 
USERNAME i guess you didn't find my tweet funny :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME nope . :c my handcuff one , i cant remember shit about the first half . 
USERNAME oh no :( i still have one more load .. then jasmine might snag it after me . you still might be able to get it after us ! 
USERNAME weird ! why were you in the er :( ? 
USERNAME i know :( ( we will meet one day ! ! 
i want someone to go with me to larissa's bonfire :c 
i'm not feeling to good today . :( i feel like dying 
so USERNAME was at the game last night and i didn't even get to see her .. ? #sadtweet 😔 
it's 72 degrees in this house & i'm freezing ! ! :( 
i became insecure ever since people started hurting me 💔 😔 
USERNAME i dont know why i try so hard because i know you will never notice me , and i will never meet you ! </3 but i love you ! ! <3 
USERNAME gross al i don't let her touch anything i eat with her long dead bleached hair not in a ponytail & cigarette smelling hands 😢 
soo sick :/ someone bring me some soup ! ! 😞 
USERNAME :'( i can't believe u and justin broke up :'( i'm so sorry i already miss jelena :'( love ya selena 
USERNAME i bought healthy ingredients to make special enchiladas for you tonight because you were coming over :( 
USERNAME i came by last night but you weren't at your dorm . :( are you still going to watch over molly when im gone ? 
USERNAME really ? :( well everythings pretty much the same down here but when you do come let me know so we can catch up . 
just hit me this is my last state game of the season ... 😭 😭 #gottaliveitup #tailgating 
vanna never wants to hang out with jackie and i . :( 
it's a perfect day to be out riding my 4wheeler ... but i've been stuck inside town and country since 8 am . 😿 so ready for 4 pm ... 
USERNAME what's better than hangin out with uss ? ! 😾 
wish there was someone i could just take and sit by the lakeside & just relax & chill all day . :( 
really missing my peanut considering i haven't seen here in 6 days 😢 #auntiesgirl #princess 
USERNAME ahh i know , dang i forgot about that . we got some serious hanging out to do when i get back ! :( 
it's been forever 😢 rt USERNAME i miss eye-lean 😔 💔 
it breaks my heart to know that your not here with us anymore </3 love you so much , rest in peace baby USERNAME 
i feel like i lost my best friend .. oh wait .. 😞 😣 😖 
how the fuck did my parking ticket out of all things fall out of my pocket 😡 🔫 #weekendruined #fml 
USERNAME sigh . come over after that then ! could you possibly be able to drive a couple people ? my car is too small :c 
i'm so jealous of all those pretty girls out there that don't even try to be pretty 😔 
i just don't want to be productive , ever . 😔 
on the verge of fainting because i heard justin and selena split , lord have mercy 😰 💔 USERNAME USERNAME 
omg i smashed my toee it hurts so bad ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 💔 oh sweet girls , we need to reunite 
i'm gonna be so black<< i tan so easily :( 
USERNAME thats my football boyfriend . im upset that i didnt get tickets to go see him today :( 
USERNAME i've been emotional due to lady problems and i didnt get out of work till 1 😞 
where is USERNAME ? ! ! ! ? ! ? ! ! ! :( 
the things i would do to be at bal harbour right now :( 
USERNAME if i did itd have to be around 5 or 6 ): 
my burn /: it happened 2 days ago & still hurts ! :( 
won't be able to watch anymore of the game :( work is calling my name ... boo walmart . 
tthat person you're being mean to , what about that person killed themself , how would you feel and would u think its your fault :( 
bout to gain 15 pounds :( ((( (@ five guys) URL 
USERNAME i do too but its gonna be tough since i get outta work at 5 and it starts at 5 :( wish i could though ! 
USERNAME please do bro got me all worried and shit :( 
oomf can never keep a job ... mainly because she's too lazy #smh 😔 😒 
USERNAME yes ! !& uh oh .... ): bad stuff = sad ashtin , or bad stuff = sad jenni ? 
just passing through . :( (@ baltimore / washington international thurgood marshall airport (bwi) w/ 31 others) URL 
that should be me posting this .... 💔 😔 @ worst place to be . 😪🏠👎 URL 
USERNAME smh 😔 i would never say such s thing lol 
this fucking weather is making my contractions worse and worse :( 
USERNAME i know :( just in time for the weekend 😒 stupid bipolar weather is probably the cause 
USERNAME i am looking forward for your reply . i can't sleep good without your reply :( 
omg i'm so scared of moving to mankato without jessa and jason :( 
we will be playing without dwight howard( USERNAME ) today :( #sadtweet 
so i just found my drivers license , and i order new one all ready -.- #fml . 
goodmorning ☀gotta crazy ass headache 👎 😣 @ lefevre hall URL 
monday , i wanna win the ultimate vip to meet the boys in nyc so bad i will do anything ): 
wish i was at the game instead of sitting here doing absolutely nothing 😢 
USERNAME work ! :( but where are you ? ! 
its like million parties tonight and i didnt get invited to any :( #unwanted 
USERNAME didn't even know you died your hair , wow :( miss you 
mama can't have a sick day ! :( the kids had other plans for today - the zoo @ great cats at the national zoo URL 
USERNAME i wish i could be there ! ! ! :( have a good time everyone else ! 
USERNAME youre only 3 hours away from me :( come visit me 
USERNAME i swear yall never invite me over :( # 
the fact that i didn't se papifalcao at work <<< #sadtweet 😣 😕 😔 👎 
USERNAME i . miss . you . more ! :'( 
USERNAME dude quit posting pics this was the only thing i had left that i didnt spoil and now u ruined it :( #fuckmylife 
goodmorning 😁 so lazy to study . i have 3 exams this week though :( i got this . 
USERNAME they haven’t had a one more thing for quite a while in their presentations either :( 
i want to get my hair trimmed but i'm so scared they are gonna fuck it up 😔 
USERNAME i was babysitting them . leave me alone . 😞 
USERNAME bout to try to snooze b4 work . long haul tonight . :( 
hella ktfo'ed out last night and slept for 11 hours .... i don't remember the last time i got that much sleep since school started 😧 😧 #rested 
ahora tengo ganas de ir entre alambiques o tucson o fiesta mexicana o marquee ? ? ? ? a donde ir ? wtf ! :-( 
i had a drake poster on my wall and it has gone missing :, c 😪 😔 
i feel bad for people who don't have shoe swag :( #sorryimnotsorry 
everyone's going to a party tonight and i'll just be at home alone .... okay 😔 
i wish i had the nerves to say what's on my mind 😔 
USERNAME yes i do . 😦 do you ? ? 
with the homies n my girlies ,, well a few 😔 
i guess you'll fall in love w the person who doesn't even give a fck about you ... unlike someone who does love you you could care less 😞 😶 
y u laugh 😪😪😪😪😪 😭 😭 😭 😨 😱 😩 
i wanna go to pyramid with USERNAME and USERNAME :'( 
missing my USERNAME ! :( i have a bazillion stories for you . #seemesoon #loveya 
when you come home from 3 hours f dance an your dad is making you do yard work until the sun goes down ... thanks dad #fml 
this can't be real right now .. i'm a fucking mess . 😿 💔 😭 
USERNAME i like mozza , just not in grilled cheese sandwiches . mozzarella congeals too quickly and doesn’t stay melty . :( 
i'm so upset i didn't get to see mindless behavior at the mall .. :( " 
my phone blowing up everyone hit me but her </3 
going threw the grandpas stuff with my wonderful grandma , mom , aunts , cousin , brother and niece . #missinghimlots #sadtweet 
saraaboork is leaving us forevs for boring sweden 😥 #mitchandleila @ ace hotel & swim club URL 
USERNAME would be having a show in boston when i'm in massachusetts 😔 
i'm sorry 😪 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😱 😨 😩 
24 hours without eating or drinking ! g3an bs mesh 3ayz akol ! ! :( 
USERNAME 😥 hopefully we go to orange leaf though ! ! 
i found a kitten i'm a brush pile but its being a little hard headed and not coming out :( 
USERNAME yo i think my black jacket is somewhere at the house pumpkin left it last night i need to come find it :-( 
USERNAME how am i fucking up ? d; and ayee that was supposed to be cute :c i mean teddy cus u know you hug your teddys tight~.~ 
i give up ... i'm just going to have to learn tenor clef > :( 
USERNAME you guys are missing me ! :( it's the trio ! 
oh crap ! !come on #tarheels ! ! heading back to work :( keep me posted ! 
so bummed i wont be seeing USERNAME and USERNAME this week in tel aviv . 😢 😢 
USERNAME i doubt any of the old characters will be in it ): 
slowly getting ready for work , still don't feel good :( 
USERNAME yess i know . my momma says i dont need to drive to pitt :( 
ready to go home and lay down i do not feel good . 😫😷 😰 😔 
i don't feel the love right now . :( lol 
not bragging because that would make me look lame 😢 
what to wear to practice it's just cold i wanna stay in bed :( 
USERNAME at least you didn't get dirt nasty things tweeted from your phone :( 
i keep hearing its snowing in reno . it had to snow when i'm not there 😭 😢 
don't want everyone to think i'm mad at them , i'm not . i'm just kinda hurt right now . forgive me 🙏 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME guess i can't carry our team anymore :( 
my bed is wayy to comfy ! i dnt wna get up 😭 👎 
USERNAME i know i saw and i wanted some 😢 
dang phone ... i misspelt secrets ): i still love you reed ! USERNAME 
i feel so lonely without my phone , smh 😔 😒 😩😫 
really sucks that daniel has to work today . and not being able to see him til tonight #wah 😔 😩😪 
my mom brought us out to eat at ihop and i can't even eat </3 & i love ihop .. 
USERNAME when will we get to buy/download your remix of cowboy :( 
USERNAME hahahaha we all went home for the weekend :( 
USERNAME i know ! ! like wtf ! ? a lot of people can't go and a lot just don't want to :( 
i miss my dogs . and my cats . and my turtle . 🐶🐢 😿 
walking into tiffany and picking out all the things i would get my girlfriend if i had one 💔 #singleflow 
work + no make-up + cute guy working with me= sad me . 😔 #knotts #work #natural #thisal @ knott's parking lot URL 
shelley and i just got back from taking a walk with mav in the park ... my foot is killing me ! ! :-( 
i went to chipotle yesterday just to see my angie & she wasn't there . 😪 💔 USERNAME 
i'm so disgusted in the pictures my dad is sending me from his hunting trip #poordeer ): 
at the end of the day i do miss her 😭 
USERNAME no on the train you butthead ! if you used twitter properly you'd know what i was replying to . :( 
USERNAME i would blow some massive d right now i wanna get back in the game tho i miss it more than anything ⚽ 💔 
i'm so hungry . i haven't eaten anything today . 😢 
i tried so hard on the main herm for USERNAME and i failed 😥 
USERNAME i answered third ! ! ! ! ! not the other girl ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME oh hell no ! ! my day is ruined 😔 
my mom deleted all the recordings of my favorite show :( #whyy 
car won't start , still smiling though ;) #cartrouble #fml URL 
does this look familiar ? USERNAME :( (((((( drive ur ass down from uconn URL 
USERNAME i was hoping i would see you this morning ): 
i love you :( ill be back soon ! <3 
USERNAME i haven't spoke to u in so long :( ( 
i miss you . on days like this i wish i could forget you . on days like this it's hard . on days like this i wonder what went wrong . #sadtweet 
having to wait til your mom gets home to go anywhere bc you didn't wanna go somewhere with her<<<< #fml 
so mad i'm not at edc this year . 😞 #edc #florida #orlando 
volunteering .... 😞 🔫 #thissucks #itscold #itsmuddy #saveme #stupidpolisci #dumb thed @ emma prusch farm park URL 
USERNAME i was third ! ! :'( i answered before the other girl ! ! :'( 
USERNAME well i'm driving around trying to deliver mail ! ! :( 
i fucking hate that you can just say what you want and then never reply like it's nothing :( 
USERNAME miss it so much ! ! ! 😭 😩 
probably wont be able to see my boyfriend till tuesday :( #sadcatherine 
USERNAME i know but it's hard to find time 😢 lemme know when you're gonna be on a team so i can try outt 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME well i wooda suggested da song but dat wood b blasphemous ! ! ! 😢 😢 miss jason soo much 💔 
USERNAME :( i'm sawi . ill come visit a few practices ;). you can take my place & finish 😊 
my cat got out and was missing for 2 whole days and no one in my family decided to tell me 😭 
my mom said she isn't going to cook today at all #sadtweet 
just caught up on greys anatomy ... i'm sorry , what ? mr feeney .... 😩 😭 
wow - completely changed the atmosphere of the oak room - and no more rapscallion beer with pretzels :-( URL 
what am i supposed to do all weekend 😔 #nofroends #depressingtweet 
well i fucked my wrist up ! ! looks like ill be just doing ab workouts and running for awhile ! ! #depressing 
USERNAME aw 😭 okay well i'll see you soon wuv youu . 😊 
last show today , only fly-show day in a month's tour . flight delayed :-( 
joder , ¿cómo estará justin ? no puedo ni pensarlo , mi bebé ... :c 
well i thought i was but we have no hot chocolate mix :( 
i left my new drinking glasses at that bonfire 😔 🔫 
stop growing :( #khali #work #hairup #smile #puppy #paintball #forever #ustwo @ predator paintball URL 
good thing jackie has the camera and i won't see her all day . #nopicsforme 😔 📷 
went to sleep after the really great fireworks , beautiful clear night . woke up to snow . i wanna go skiing ! :( learn ... URL 
USERNAME damn :( adam has his ball today so i'm heading down now for it 
i wish i could drive my car 😔 #almost #monday 
USERNAME ki d: mom , why did auntie name our cousin rose ? mom :c uz she likes flowers . ki d: what do you like ? mom: richard , stop asking questions 
USERNAME aww jamo ! that is so tragic ! :( 
i do not wanna get ready for work . :( #saturdayblues 
😭 rt USERNAME lmao USERNAME jesse spano to this day has the worst ass in america . the worst . 
i wanted to make cake pops but i guess not :( 
i only cheered competition in middle school bc i can't tumble for shit 😔 lol but if i did , i wouldn't even compete for my school . it's sad 
first time ever here and they are not serving food . :-( (@ tap 42 w/ 2 others) URL 
i should have gone to carnival it seems like everybody went :( 
USERNAME your welcome . no i have to work all day ! :c 
USERNAME in my case the sound of coffee brewing and kitten crying . 😿 🚴 
i wish i could go watch the cheer competition today . 😭 
i fkn woke up late :( and i had a ugly dream bout babe 
yup , selena & justin broke up 😔 but they gots their reasons and probably don't want the public to know ! 
USERNAME omg , you scared me with that retweet . :c 
i hate telling my dad how im depressed , it breaks his heart & i hate seeing him like this ): 
we all know my check is going to be gone by tomorrow morning 😔 
nobody in my house is happy with florida right now 😣 
only downside to rexburg ... no starbucks 😩😫 😱 😨 😭 
why does USERNAME have to be gone this weekend :( 
USERNAME idrc if you do or don't i'm just not like that & i don't enjoy being called s fangirl ): sorry if i'm like coming off rude o: 
USERNAME i know what you mean ! it was right near my house , but i was on the road to louisville so i didn't feel it . :( 
i need some mustard or my sandwhich is going to be incomplete ! </3 
USERNAME didn't think you'd want one all the way out in ... wherever it is you are . :( 
USERNAME awe , i thought it said mi but it said wi :( 
USERNAME on the first set of questions i answered before the last girl you retweeted ! ! ! ! ! :'( 
#tweetyourrecentemojis 🔥🍸🍷🍻🍺 😢 🐓🐔🍹 😭 💋 😪 😰 😿 ⛽💉💊🏊🚤🔫🎇 
you have to get the black people to do it so the white people can start to do i t.t hat's how you start a business . #theoffice 
USERNAME well shit , that sucks :( i can never do anything fuun cause ... well you know 😪 
when you see someone cute as fuck & your thinking . :c lml 
USERNAME lol , oh yeah i didn't notice that . i woke up at 8-_-, after sleeping at 330 :( 
i wish starbucks wasn't closed . 😭 i need a caramel frappe . ☕ 
i wish i had a car so i wouldn't have to be asking others to take me to places 😔 😞 
USERNAME it's november 30 but all the tickets are sold :( 
USERNAME somewhere between rialto and san bernardino . nearest cbtl is in redlands over 15 miles away :-( 
USERNAME did you change your phone number ? or do you just hate me :( 
i cried at 12:00 on my birthday because i knew he was with god :c </3 
USERNAME right ? ! ! i have to get a new starter :-( 
USERNAME and when i tried to have some you told me i could only have some if i didn't finish it 😔 
i can't do this ! i can't sit here and wait :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME hey can please say of him follow me back if u him not follow me i'll unfollow ): 
USERNAME it's fantastic ! except for my cleaning ladies that come with the apartment rearranged everything ! ! eugh ... my life :-( 
USERNAME i hear ya ! don't let yours turn into a cough like mine has . :'( 
USERNAME i know ! so crazy ! miss you :( 
all my friends are finding people that make them happy & i'm just here chilling like :c 
USERNAME USERNAME uhh no you weren't around so it's your fault :( 
USERNAME USERNAME haha no problem , i just hate those suckers ( demons) have a bit of a problem since i was a kid with one of them :( 
USERNAME why are you giving him away ? ! 😥 
second saturday in a row with out my nole football :( #babycomeback #springisgoingtosuck 
my mom makes me feel bad .. saying i never have c’s . like i know lol .. she’s pretty mad 😞 😞 
USERNAME ''i decited to take my shirt off , and show my chest'' ;) & there is none ): i've looked everyywhere ! #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ovarian cancer . won’t do surgery cuz of her age . hoping chemo helps . 😔 
i'm a walking li stereotype . uggs , northface , coffee , michael kors bag , coach sunglasses coming back from nail salon #nassauproblems #fml 
USERNAME :( that's no good . i hate when i can't sleep . 
grandma had another bad day . she doesn't look good :( 
USERNAME :( called out of a 6 be shift , i must be sick 
i hate watching jersey shore knowing its destroyed #restoretheshore #depressing 
this sock bun looks so good , i don't wanna take it out to shower . ): 
so i pawned my camera a month ago .. thought the payment was due nov 10th turns out it was two weeks ago ... oh shitt 😔 😞 
i wanna feel pretty like yesterday :c but no life hates me 
USERNAME but that's a year ... i didn't even get a picture with your long hair :( 
2nd quad in fraisure :o went by so fast love my fashion class doe :( 
only reason i freak out about having bs is because i gotta keep them up so i can see james 😭 
USERNAME shut up :o come visit me ! ! ! 😭 
just got my baby back . he's got a booboo . 😔 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME i have to work tomorrow :( i hate my life . why don't you guys come here ? ! mitch is gonna be here sunday anyways ! 
i'm hey USERNAME can i have your perfect smile please ? :( 
i feel like for ever isn't that long 😢 😪 😭 😨 💔 💋 
idk why my nose ring still hurts i got this shit like a month ago 😒 😔 
USERNAME why . why doesn't anyone love me . does anyone care about sid the sloff ? :c #sad 
USERNAME laa :( lool ! ! uughh i wanna know ;p 
i wanna cry right now fml fml fml dropped my phone && now its cracked :'( 
reading all these tweets about USERNAME are not making my day at work any better . #missyou :( 
wowza once i stopped posting on tumblr i lost 200 followers :'( can people follow me again ? 😔 
this picture ... 😔 you guys had an amazing season . @ esm high school URL 
wanted to eat at USERNAME 's stardust in nyc but the line was too long :( i cried . 
USERNAME you never test me . it's sad . so very sad :( 
i wish i was back in elijah's bed 😢 #fuckcarrides 
USERNAME i failed last nigh t.t he focus should have been on the human suffering our father has caused . tearing families apart is never good 
USERNAME - had the 92/1 #3 in cd3 - for 3rd and 4th in the dimer . runs 2nd . unreal . :( 
USERNAME aww love it ! ! ! now i wanna go to a concert again ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm just not motivated to do it ! 😣 
you were my bff sense preschool , now we never talk because your bff got between us ! 💔 😢 #surprise #newthiswouldhappen #brokenhearte 😩😫 
USERNAME i don't see how hard it is for you to hit my follow button ... is it too much to ask for ? :( at this rate i will forever have 0/5 
USERNAME i think so too 😔 but he's so gwapo ! 
ooh no ! my eyes don't have more tears to cry . ! ! :-( URL 
that feeling when u realize the u spelt shit wrong in your tweet 😧 
things just keep getting worse and worse for me . moms moving , i got in an accident last night and so on 😞 #canicatchabreaklord 
just got my second dog bite ever :( #fword #thishurts 
guys ryan leaves for the army in three months & he's gone for five years :( 
surprise was a success . USERNAME with the tear jerking speech . 👍 😭 
my hair came out way darker than i thought it would . ): #buhbyered 
USERNAME you're homo for retweeting this lol , and you didn't text me back :( 
USERNAME is literally an hour away from me right now . i need to be in boston . #help 😭 
man i really wanna get cute and go out to dinner tonight . too bad im forever alone . :( #lonerlife . 
USERNAME me too :( i love you bree , you're my best friend no matter what ! 
USERNAME when do you work in the mall ? ! ? ! :( 
i have so much music i cant put it all on my phone #playlistpickin #memoryfull :( 
USERNAME oh yeah ! its a grocery store here . i was like but then it wasn't you & i got sad . :c 
USERNAME it cant come soon enough :( (((( USERNAME URL 
USERNAME me too ! ! ! > :( what happened ? 
i miss acting , i miss modeling , most of all i miss those long car rides to la all the time with my mom & feeling important and noticeable :( 
USERNAME awuh 😔 are they hard to put in ? 
USERNAME i answered correctly first (twice) but you didn't even pick me ! ! :'( 
edc beat my ass yesterday , i don't even feel like going today anymore :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i had the worst nightmare last night ! i got into a huge fight w you guys 😭 
baby wants it to be a surprise , but babe doesn't like surprises :( 
USERNAME wish i could have gone ! please tell everyone i say hi . i have 3 midterms and a paper next week so i'm stuck at college :( 
watching game 6 today . i miss hockey :( #lakings 
i'm hungry but i can't eat . 😔 that's the worst part . 
literally just had a 7 year old girl show me her christmas list and all it said was santa give toys to the kids who really need it . #omg 😭 
i knew i was gonna get sick from last night .. 😷😩 😥 
ok i'm running out of money ... i need to get paid . even though my paycheck goes to my phone bill .. 😢 
i have to deal with my sister bitching all day everyday 👎 😢 🔫 
USERNAME woww you need to come up here asap 😟 😩 😔 
i think he's the only ex i miss .. 😔 
so i have nothing to do tonight but do my homework :( ( 
astronomy , clearly , is not my field of expertise .. 👊 😭 
USERNAME thanks , i thought the locator was shut off , been crazed , working & trying to help local communities that were devastated :( ( 
USERNAME USERNAME cause i wanna be a cool kid 😔 
what to do on a saturday when both your teams have byes ..... 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME and at the end of the dream leah you go ! 😭 😭 lol 
going to go see USERNAME because i haven't seen her in so long :( i'm so excited <3 3333333 
ayee i wanna play soccer next year .. but im kinda scared :( 
#sometimesiwonder why out of all people , god had to chose me to suck at burping . 😭 😪 
USERNAME i told thomas to tell me when you got here too because i saw your name in the computer :( 
fui passar as fotos e videos pro notebook e simplesmente apagou tudo e nao passou nada ! ! ! ! perdi todas as fotos e o videos :( 
i'm so tired and my eyes are so low 😑 😞 
USERNAME awh 😔 that's shitty cause it's so far from now 
USERNAME i don't know , i just want this over with because i'm hungry ! i haven't eaten in 24 hours :c 
USERNAME i will baby when i have time , i been busy lately 😔 
kalim never got me my white girl wtf 💔 😒 
this car ride would be so much more entertaining with my friendss 😔 
the urge to run , the restlessness . the heart of stone i sometimes ge t.t he things i've done for foolish pride . the me that's never satisfied . 
rich froning ! ! wish my mouth would get feeling back and less swelling :( @ nutrition depot URL 
USERNAME i am usually an enabler but can say from experience , avoid scotch while sick heh :( 
offered $500 to fly to san diego to style a rehearsal dinner but can't cover my crappy prebooked gig where i'll make $100 noo ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME it's a lot of gas , and i don't think my dads bitch ass would let me borrow his car 😒 😥 come* lol 
USERNAME i can't because i need to get up early tomorrow morning for my 5 hour course 😔 
i really hate missing #txstatefootball games . 😢 good luck boys ! USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
why can't i be as pretty as emma stone ? ! :c 
USERNAME i would , but i'm in texas :( ! ! 
i'm craving thin mints ! ! when do girl scouts sell those amazing cookies ? ! 😣 
USERNAME i was freaking out when i couldn't find you on twitter :( finally get to talk to you . are you out of trouble ? ! 
i have such a tender heart when it comes to animals 😥 💔 
i am making pancakes and USERNAME keeps telling me it smells burnt :( #trying 
last meal in texas with ate gel :( ((( (@ chick-fil-a) URL 
i don't think i've ever been in a sauna where the spray bottle actually works ! ! #fml 
ready to be home ... but the third flight might be a little full #sadtweet 
so cute but too small for me 😭 😭 😭 URL 
my mom says lol women sit down , it should be a honor when i'm home 😔 😒 
my ears popping is making them and my head hurt :( 
officially left my disney groups on facebook :( no disney for me this spring ... 
USERNAME i think ev should come to rhode island & pleasee follow back ev :( 
USERNAME i just need summer back when i could go outside for an hour then come back in and be tan 😞 
USERNAME and then your parents will hate me and force us to break up ! ! ! ! 😳 😔 😭 😩 😰 😥 😥 😥 😨 😱 
i've been in one since this month started 😔 i need to get over this 
just got back from training ! ! ! huh tired/body hurting :( 
being in athens and not seeing USERNAME <<<< #sosad 😔 
wants to go far far away from here 😔 😢 😶 (repeat) #forrestgump 🌾🍃 
preparing to move into his new house ! will be sad to leave compton :( @ the city of compton URL 
kinda wanna do something fun today , but that probably won't happen 😔 
i'm hungry and i don't get to eat till after the wedding which isn't till 4. 😥 #hungry 
just found a bank statement that said i had $3k in my accounts in february #depressing 
USERNAME smh ! :x i didn't :( awhh sowwy i was sauced 
USERNAME hahaha it will probably be cold when i get there :[ 
all i ask if for a chill relaxing day where i can just lay down& watch movies 😣 
USERNAME i can never choose . 😏 😁 😔 😒 😣 😐 
USERNAME uhm , i hate texting ! ! 😔 lmao why'd you stop talking to me anyways ? lol 
USERNAME i know i just woke uo and my . head still hurts :( 
a branch blocked my shot today :( there's always tomorrow . now we have 2 stands out there . bye bye deer 
USERNAME :( that's like 2 weeks since i haven't seen u lol just go out tonight ! 
im not gana be able to get tu'd at kenya's :( 
realized again today how terrible it is not getting to hang out with USERNAME & USERNAME 😔 👎 
stupid gymnastics unlimited canceled open gym ! :( incrediplex instead ! ! ! (@ incredi-plex weight room) URL 
USERNAME USERNAME that's amazing , i try not to but at times he still gets to me . especially at night . he has the most awful grin :( (( 
hate that i have to spend most of this weekend at home working on 3 papers :( #fml #collegeprobz 
i really hope ill be better by tuesday :( ( 
everyone is talking about how they slept in and i'm over here running off of like 6 hours of sleep . #fuckyouall #sadtweet 
i don't want to stay home working on this basement 😣 
this bus is taking forever , i want to go home and eat 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME soo not true , it's the other way around ): 
i hate when i have to cancel plans thanks to my family :( 
USERNAME fuck ima get there at 7 or 8 :c 
so upset i couldn't go to USERNAME sweet 16 last night 😔 but you looked beautiful and i love youu ! ! 
last home game ! these 4 football seasons have gone by way too fast :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME someone let me in to the house please 😭 
USERNAME i didn't even know you left . ): you didn say bye ... #badfriend 
i miss my gf , were she at ? :( 
at the airport going to chicagoo the land of house music . my eyes sting :( 
where's USERNAME && USERNAME ? when i need em :( 
when i go to hollister i always find myself looking for USERNAME 😔 
USERNAME on the other hand . i would just wish my dad would stop fishing :( lol 
i don't appreciate the humor of weather this weekend . stop raining #alliwantisapictureatthebean 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME lmfaoo i dont wanna be a part of this > :( 
my iphone fell and my case broke . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😪😪😪😪😪 😏 
all i want is someone to agree to take my extra all time low ticket and take me there ! how freakin hard is it for someone to say yes :( 
“USERNAME so cute but too small for me 😭 😭 😭 URL what's your size ? 
the traffic is hella bad ! 😔 @ paragon outlets URL 
i can tell i'm about to get sick with the cold :( 
i thought it was suppose to be nice out today :( 
USERNAME ok that's kinda stupid but he's moving so be nice :( 
i've been single & they lovin it , but all i want is the one that i was in love with 😔 
a best friend means always being there . #justsoyouknow #thanksalot 😔 
aww damn , i hit 10k tweets and didn't even know it :( 
USERNAME i miss you :( come to gamps talent show 
i want a galaxy sii but i don't wanna leave #teamiphone 😔 
USERNAME is there no way you could come to manc during xmas holidays ? ? :( 
USERNAME your so freaking luckyy ! i wanna go so bad :( have fun girl , love you ! 
USERNAME i knoww :( ive been for like the past week 
USERNAME i have a scratch on my knee i think i got it from trynna get out the car lastnight :( 
when i do math homework and get to a hard problem 😭 🔫 
USERNAME seriously i am really sad that you pick the others when i was first ! ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME 😔 damnn at least the serious shits gettin dropped 
i miss my guitar :( #someonegiveme $500 #prettyplease #i 'llplayyouasong 
im gonna get sad passing by all the uggs when we get to dillard's , cause i cant get any :{ 
you don't know what heartbreak truly is until you see someone you love so much struggling so hard . 💔 #prayforchuck 
when your socks come off in the middle of the night 😔 
alicia keys is on the radio .. makes me sad . i miss USERNAME & USERNAME 😥 😢 
USERNAME ikr , i left my colts to go to vineland .. i was wrong :( 
i'm seriously done with life . USERNAME @ USERNAME broke up . 😭 i can't anymore . 
that sad moment when you have to get out of the shower already cause the hot water is running out #sadtweet :c 
USERNAME omfg is tht why he cried last night during fall ? ! :'( omfg ! ! ! i hate selena now 
i don't have hot chocolate and i want hot chocolate . 😔 
i rode all the way here and my bff USERNAME didn't say hi to me :( 
and i start feeling sick to my stomach again :( 
i wanna cuddle and have a movie day but that's like impossible at the moment lol :( 
i wish i was by him ! ugh ! i miss him so much ! ! 😣 
wow i-94 east is straight slammed ! ! ! fuck this construction :( 
USERNAME - i'm gonna cry for missing that dimer , bro . just needed the 10 to hang on for 2nd ...... :( 
happy birthday will ! ! you would have been 18 today .... i miss you buddy :( but you are forever in our hearts .. thanks for watching over us ! 
if it wasn't freaking snowing my mom would go and get me some from 7-11 but no and i can't walk 😒 😔 
ughh ...... stuck in this house ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( (((((((((((((((((((((((((( 
my mom had to drive me to work today cuz i left my key in eric's car last night . 😣 
USERNAME :'( please just notice me ! ! i answered before all of them and on your previous one that you forgot about too ! ! :'( #cryingnow 
USERNAME my life is always exciting other than this weekend ! ! ! :( 
el dolor cada vez se hace mas intenso ... maldita muela :'( 
USERNAME no ! ! ! i didn't see it until it blew off ! ! :( 
my weed stink , and it don't have any tic tacs 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i just remembered zonny did text me last night . sorry buddy :( 
USERNAME omg no i work at 5 ! 😭 ughh this sucks , is he going because of guess ? 
USERNAME yeah :( sorry about yours too . yeah life is some heavy shit sometimes . she died at 14 brain tumor/cancer . it was awful to see . 
also . my karate gis are taking over my closet . i can't get rid of them though :( #keepsakes 
harford county : i-95 north at exit 74 md 152 mountain rd (l/sh ): collision: i-95 north at exit 74 md 152 mounta ... URL 
harford county : i-95 north at exit 74 md 152 mountain rd (l/sh ): collision: i-95 north at exit 74 md 152 mounta ... URL 
USERNAME yaa ik we need to i have just been so busy lately 😞 
USERNAME i was so sad ! ! ! :( #dabest 
a hour of having my nails and toes done i already messed up my toes :( 
USERNAME USERNAME was just about to tweet that ... you beat me to it . 😭 😭 😭 
every guys looking for a perfect girl .... #notme 😔 
hope phil comes back soon so steff can stop being so sad :( 
guess i should just knock this essay out :( ughh i'm so done with school 
i wanna go to the club for my birthday but none of my friends are 18 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME can you let me in from the lobby please ? ! :( 
USERNAME i didn't go to my interview 😁😁 😒 😒 😔 😔 
USERNAME i conquer . i woke up with no voice . i literally just broke up my dogs trying to kill each other . scariest experience of my life😫 😭 
intense class today .. :( crisis intervention always gets me . #toughstuff 
USERNAME i know ! ! ! i wish :( luckily were winning ! #by1 #probablygonnaloseanyways 
making a grilled cheese and my cheese isn't melting ... :-( 
USERNAME and i are about to get our draank on again ... we will miss our partner USERNAME tonight 😑 😞 
congrats to my sweetest dessert🎂 USERNAME 😭 i'm so proud of you ! and check out my aweso @ santa anita park URL 
USERNAME where are you going ? come back to mee :( 
USERNAME i know :( and omg i wanna hear it ! 
it was cloudy :( #newyork @ empire state building 86th floor observatory URL 
i can remember little timid nemo when i played in school . now she is a senior ! :( USERNAME URL 
somebody needs to come take care of my sick self . :( 
i lost my voice in the ugly kind of way not the cute raspy way #fml 
USERNAME thanks , glad you like it ! unfortunately not going to soundtrack cologne :( 
soo upset that we never got a picture in our outfits ! 😔 😒 USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i woke up depressed bcuz after all the hard work we didn't get to meet them 💔 😢 😓 
all i do is go to school study and work . ✏📚📖📝 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME :( that's okay . i understand . what time do you get off ? 
first time getting sick with no one to take care if me . 😔 
USERNAME if there bitches then no . :( im bringing a light skin girl & a latina ;) 
USERNAME i miss you too and i'm probably not going to see you until winter break :( 
USERNAME hey .. did you delete my tweet ? :( i'm gonna cry if you did ! 
USERNAME and we looked goodd . 😣 tell betsy to send the one she took ! ! 
USERNAME yes ! ! it was kiki :( they thought she was gone for good so they were gonna frickin wait till after finals to tell me ! 
you just always no how to put me in a bad mood 😔 
:( ( yet another signing i can't go to *cries a river* 
USERNAME no :( i knew i wasn't tho but the concert was amazing 
crying because USERNAME didnt notice that i answered before most of the semifinalists ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! reed please notice me ! ! ! :'( 
mailing off my USERNAME hope they make it back soon :( (@ the ups store) URL 
USERNAME ugh that does not sound like fun at all ! 😢 i hope that you feel better soon ! ! 
last lesson of our dance contract . :-( (@ that's dancing ballroom and dancesport center) URL 
i wish someone was going to vermillion with me next week 😥 
it's been three years , and i still think of you every single day . i miss your smile , voice , laugh; but most of all i miss you .. 💔 
i miss my gradma and my great great gradma ! #rip to my great great grandma ):  @ brazil URL 
i have a habit of sleeping & texting at night . then i wake up and check my message and say 😣 
USERNAME i miss you .. :( i snapped trev that i miss you but he didnt respond because he sucks . 
just wanna know what it feels like not to be sick anymore 😔 
USERNAME i know :( good thing you know where i live so you can just come and see me there right ? 
USERNAME just hung with some friends ! lol you go to some crazy awesome party without inviting me ? ! :( 
my poor puppy was just attacked ! ! ! 😢 😠 🐶 ❤ 
USERNAME bring an extra sar's mask for me ! i have a cold :( 
“USERNAME USERNAME in-store happening now . come thru ! #jugrnaut URL i'm working or i would i'm so sad ! !😩😫 😭 
mother nature , thank you for appearing , but you can go away now . sincerely , cramping and dying . 😔 
wish i was at home .. or in sisseton at the powwow . 😔 😒 
my day off would be better if i could talk to monroe :( 
stalker sarah . why can't i be you ? :( 
i guess i'll just make me something to eat since i'm not going out to eat :( 
wow bad morning already fucked up my knee :( 😩⚽ 
USERNAME rly happy for you & imma let you finish but this is not good for the sad girl brand . ¯\_( ☹ )_/¯ 
- i aint seen my mama inn a dayy # :( 
USERNAME i trust you ;) when will u be over ? after 3 ? :( ( 
acually teans are even more lucky if both parents are alive & are together 💔 
USERNAME remember when we used to hang out ? that was fun ... 😔 
i really want to hangout with #oomf today . considering i probably won't be seeing them for a while . 😔 😔 
don't punch me when you see a buggy , i bruise easily :( 
i hate when my dad leaves for work :'( #imisshim 
i don't wanna sit in the salon alone :( someone should come with me lol 
feeling hurt ... cousin on my dad side passed :-( 
figuring out what to wear & how to do your hair is the biggest female pain ever . 😞 
sweaters would look good on me if i was smaller .. 😔 
headaches won't go away . 😔 i hope i'm not concussed . 
ehh . i really want to go drive somewhere :( ( my house is so boring 
i think about things way to much; have a hard time just going with the flow . #ugh #damnit 😔 
held it together too long today .. damn hug made me break 😥 1 more client and i'm home free #roughday 
hubby sent me this . very jealous , it's 78° here :( URL 
i hope i can see my boy again soon . i miss him soo much :( 
USERNAME voy a ir haya mejor dice q se callo la pagina :( 
here at home with q listening to the stream of the horns game because of the lack of lhn coverage :( #hook ’em 
just saw two dogs murder a bunny . like i'm crying . 😢 #animallover 
it's raining so hard :( and i didn't get my nuts on clark . URL 
USERNAME USERNAME actually no they got rid of it :( 
i wish the bump on my nose wasn't so huge . i also wish katie didn't just call me a hipster ! :c 
i just wish i would feel better already 😞 #miserable #sosick 
USERNAME i dreamt of you last night , when i woke up my ass hurt and my fingers smelled like poop ): ): ): 
watching #gsn and my boyfriend is sleeping :'( hope he wakes up before i have work 
working 12 hours on about an hour of sleep ! 😔 ... i'm bout to sleep good af when i get off ! 😴 
USERNAME sadly no :( i'm working only the day lol . but you're working tomorrow right ? ? 
USERNAME please save me ! i'm going through withdrawls ! ! ! ☕ 😥 
i hate being sick ! ! i'm such a baby 😢 👶 
happy birthday USERNAME ! i haven't seen you and hannah in forever 😢 love youu ! 💙 URL 
i'm mad how i was the cause to everything that happen 😔 
single life is the blow i already miss cuffin 😒 😔 
i'm like unsociable today not talking to anyone not feeling so well :( 
not in the mood of cleaning my room ! :( 
i wish i was going to dillon francis tonight #fuckmylife #soldout #ifudgedit USERNAME 💔 
but she's so cute and soft and warm :( #catmomprobs URL 
i literally want to cry knowing one of the best things of my childhood will never happen again . i miss harry potter 😔 😭 
i fall in love with boys who live in other states . 😔 #ialwaysdo USERNAME 
someone please come rub my tummy ! #wheresmymommy 😭 😭 😭 😭 
wish i could go to the hockey game :( #stupidwork #hockeylover 
USERNAME just makes everyone think 😔 it's just a sad situation syd 
we were leading 1-0 at half and ended up losing 2-1 , dam now we can only get 3rd place :( 
USERNAME no ! ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 they were supposed to get married and have pretty babies . 
USERNAME haha they were all so nice ! i spent all my money 😔 . 
so pissed that i'm missing the game and body painting with the boys ! :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
thanks ! probably not happening in the immediate future though :( 
USERNAME :( when will u be in omaha next ? ! 
the fact that i won't see USERNAME till 2013 makes me sad . 😢 
USERNAME omg im sorry ) ): i hope they can finally get you something to make you feel better ❤ 💚 💜 
i wish i was going to this massillon game 😑 😔 
a guy just sneezed and i didn't say god bless you ... i feel awful about myself now :( probs going to hell 
its never easy leavin someone who is soo fuckin good to u ! i swear :( 
bo macs closes in 8 days ! :( (( #noo 
USERNAME USERNAME ugh i wish i met you yesterday :( 
USERNAME i would like to see you asap , its been too long :( 
USERNAME you should have come here for the long weekend :( #missyou 
USERNAME no ! thanks a lot for textin me back . i'm so alone :( #nofriend 
USERNAME i want to get my tripples done ! and at claire's you do ? ? ? :( then we bring USERNAME with 
got my physical , shopping for new basketball shoes , another knee brace lol :( , another pair of socks , and that's about it 
want this day over & done with already #sadday 😢 
i really hate it when i can't send emojis to someone that doesn't have an iphone 😔 
if only sex was really , truly that romantic . 😒 😔 
i'm not kidding .. it squealed . it was so helpless . came in my house bawling like a damn 3-yr old . 😢 #poorbunny 
i love how everyone is doing something tonight and i just get to be stuck at work ..... 😔 
omg he farted again ! ! ! ! i'm going to diiee :( lol 
thats some fuck up shit , he gotta stop trippen over my ex foreals > :( 
avia prometido no llorar pero al escribirte un mensaje se me salieron las lagrimas sin kerer . :( ( 
cleared one tree off 😔 #njsandy @ hundred acre wood URL 
USERNAME i called off :( i was at duquesne this weekend ! 
USERNAME yeah sorry we won’t be able to make it today :( 
USERNAME my wrist . it seriously kills when i try to bench or do anything with tris . i think i fucked it up playing bball and landed on it . :( 
so i went to get my hair done and i need at least three inches off my hair .. hold on brb crying 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME omg im so sorry ! ! :( no ! 
$35 just for two to go to the movies , and a kids movie at that .. damn ! ! :( the things i do for my son;) 
when u wake up frm a cozy nights rest n you have to take a fat piss n you know it's cold af outside of your blankets . #fml #idontlike 
USERNAME boo ! :( i will have my shovel ready to go ! 
USERNAME i don't have a ride or i would ! ! i really want to though ): 
i miss my best friends staying with me every night 😞 
i think i am too tired to even have a couple of drinks after work . :( 
USERNAME somehw this mkes me smile . aftr all isnt tht wht this election was all about ? i jst wnt 2 retwee t.t he insane r in charge of asylum 
justin beiber and selena gomez broke up . true <3 isn't 4realz :( 
so jealous that USERNAME and USERNAME are drinkin together right now for cortaca and i'm not there 😔 
USERNAME 😔 she didn't . i want one :( ((( 
selena and justin broke up ? ! ? ! yup . its official true love doesn't exist anymore . sad sad sad . ): 
i really need some more followers ! ! my page is dead ! ): 
:( , im lowkey down to play hungover ! lol jk 
USERNAME i know ! 😔 where did you go ? 
USERNAME you the one who said we was gunba fight ! ~…~ lol i dont wanna beat u up /.\ but u gunna fuck me up :c rudeass ! 
upper merion girls volleyball good job ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! .... you make me miss it so much :( ( 
lonely christmas and new years , just me and my daughter . in kentucky . 😢 
security took my lotion 😢 it was my favorite kind too 
i hate having these dreams , & its every night :( and there way to vivid #scared 
this weather is amazing ! going back in from break is def gonna be tough lol :( 
ugh . USERNAME playing shows i can't go to ... :( play in vegas ! ! ! 
USERNAME i don't have a chance ! :( hahah , i'm never good enough for anyone . but its fine . 
i'm ready . now . everybody at work ? this weakk . guess ill take that nap :( 
USERNAME omg girl ! ! ! ! i'm so bummed i didn't see you ! 😩 💔 
USERNAME oh snap ! i wouldnt wish that upon anyone , lol :-( but i'm leaving on friday . 
USERNAME i need to see you soon ! ! i miss you 😔 
now i miss talking to him -.- its only been a couple of minutes tho :( 
all sick and yucky :( not feeling to good , wishing to get better ! #sick 
if my grades came today i probably will have my ipod taken away ): 
USERNAME thanks so much ! i hope so too . havent felt this bad in a lonngg time :( 
i want a job , but im only 14 :( 
i thought USERNAME was coming home tonight ... :( wahh 
is it true that USERNAME and USERNAME is not dating no more that's so sad 😢 😭 they were such a cut couple i loved them together 
USERNAME i can't retweet you anymore is this serious 😭 
i miss my boyfriend so much ! ! haven't seen him in a week ! and i probably won't get to see him until next weekend </3 
USERNAME forget you arnicia , yeen speak back to me lastnight :( 
i am such a big baby when i'm sick , but really everything hurts right now :( 
my body doesn't know what the hell is wrong . freezing , then im hot . i just wish this fever would go away :( 
USERNAME you don't know anything kileema ! ! ! ! ! so leave me along 😫 😭 
haven't drank for a week and it feels like i've been sober in the longest 😣 
the lady at icylicious knows my name 😦 #bobafreak #itsawayoflyfe 
USERNAME i won't be able to make it :( my boyfriend surprised me with tickets to see kevin hart tonight . 
i want sushi so bad ! ! ! ahh :( ((( #withdrawls 
sleepy but cant sleep ... got home at 7 ... woke up @ 12 #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME glad i'm just your pack mule :( #butigotyou 
doesn't have a cute shirt to wear tonight :( ughh i'm gonna cry . 
USERNAME love you baby girl . sorry it's the end :( 
just 3 more days til my nigga bday :-( #rip 
my grinder just fell apart 😔 the teeth are no longer attached to lid . hopefully some super glue will fix it 😁 
i think old t.t . down in lubbock may get in some trouble for hitting that coach in the head . 
USERNAME ugh shoot ! :( save me a spot lol ? 
i hate having to always miss one of my parents #divorceprobs 😔 
USERNAME he was acting ugly and too good for me . and he was writing some other chick :( 
i wish georgia could play sc again ! 😳 😔 😁 
get happy all up when you see the next bih man 😭 😭 😭 
i wish i was still a kid and had an imagination :( 
USERNAME pink spiders just came on at work :( miss youu 💜 
USERNAME it sucks ! ! ! 😔 missyou tho ! 
everyone seems to be m . i . a when you need them the most 💔 
USERNAME ah tava tão animada q eu iria poder assistir mas )) ): 
i really really reallyy wish my #brotis was here :( 
aww , bryan brothers didn't make it to the semifinals :( 
USERNAME did you guys see money on my dreser ? i cant find it & theyre my moms :( 
i miss my brother :( feels weird that he's not here 
i wish more than anything to have grandpa bud , grandma nell , aunt darlene , aunt riley , and aunt sue here with me . y'all were my world .. 💔 😭 
USERNAME pois é. i've been feeling more than lonely lately . não é falta de companhia , é falta de estar perto de quem eu amo . ): 
successful shopping trip ... dress , heels , purse & lipstick for ashlie sniff , sniff my baby is all grown up :( ... URL 
mani pedi time . don't even feel like it :( 
i wanna actually go out somewhere today . tired of bein home 😔 
texted camille earlier to see where she's at , unfortunately she didn't come home . all this liquor with no one to share it with . 😔 
USERNAME lol i told you la weather reporters suck . lol but its still cold :( lol 
you can be on twitter but ... not text me ? ! #depressing 
it's so weird seeing aggies in tuscaloosa . just wish my favorites were here 😔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i slept for 10 hours , and i'm still tired :( 
i need more followers :( 400 aint enough .. lol 
someone please throw a party i need to do something fun :( 
USERNAME lmao only reason you tweeted me back is because i texted you telling you too ! :( 
that chick is so cute , i wish she slept over this weekend :( 
i can barely talk , that's how much my throat is hurting right now . 😞 
i should have never said i was with high schoolers . that was a lie i miss em now . 😔 😕 😥 #never missed someone so much . 
damnit grandma ! stop hitting me in the knee 😭 😭 
i haven't been in the saturn yet . ): #depressedtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME ditto here . get ‘activate your pin’ when trying to sign up on the boxer site , and dlink support is crap . paperweight :( 
it's cuz i have a d and like 2 c's ): 
USERNAME 😔 maybe i still have some issues to work out with this issue and handguns . i'm hurt ! 
just had a dream about ry ry 😔 soo sad 
when the right turns red right as i pull up and there is an old man holding a sign that says god bless the homeless christians .. << #sorry 😔 
the two most important people in my life are leaving me soon ): 
USERNAME USERNAME smh how did i know i'll become the one , why me ? i can't anyways cause my grandma here 😔 
huhh i miss my love bug :-( ! ! ! ! ! 
this guy at chipotle needs to back up , you're way too close to me .... 😔 
i can't deal with my sleep patterns , yesterday i couldn't even sleep 😞 
my beer stayed in the freezer too long ! .. now its nasty ! :-( 
USERNAME i know lets go to the game👌 no i wanna go to gorman ! 😑 haha you should see the school omg 😦 ✌ what's the point you wont be there ! 
USERNAME USERNAME ewwiiee ! haha . i eat there too much to work there . it'd ruin it for me ): 
USERNAME tell me why i was just staring at this picture yesterday .. 💔 
i hate being sick cuz then i can't sing :c 
its nice outside and i cant even go out there and run around :( 
USERNAME you and selena break up ? :'( #onlytruth please 
waking up & having to go straight to work 😒 #fml 
i hate that i talk in my sleep :( never know what's gonna come out #alwaysembarrassing 
thank you for making me depressed taylor swift 😞 #breathe #sosad 
why am i so tired ? 😞 i need a coffee ... or 10 
i got three fillings and a tooth pulled . 😔 😷 
omg selena gomez & USERNAME broke up 😵 😟 😦 😪 💔 
USERNAME i would run over and join again , but i'm in tuscaloosa :( 
that moment when a song comes on about you and a certain someone ... that your still not over . #fuck #ugh #hatethis #misshim #sadtweet 
goaall chicharito with his hat trick ! ! ! omg thank you god for this 😭 😭 😭 😭 
literally just cried after hearing such harsh homophobia come out of a sweet young girl's mouth . what can i do to fix it ? i feel helpless . 😭 
USERNAME wahh i wish i was canning :( i canned in erie last time though . 
lol i love how some people don't understand that i don't like u at all .. stop texting me ! ! 🔪 😡 😈 💔 
USERNAME i'm coming ? ? ? ? ? ? ! don't get upset ): 
wishing i was home today to celebrate my dad's birthday 😢 💚 #7days 
no ! ! ! farmers classic might move from la (ucla campus) to colombia :( 
USERNAME ha ! we might get on each others nerves but i still love them . i won't have them for long though ! :( USERNAME #sadface 
okay i will try to stay on twitter for today if my brother is hee sorry i have to go off :( -_- 
i miss my lil 3 year old cuz haven't seen her in a minute 😔 gotta get her a huge christmas gift ! 
USERNAME 😁😁😁😁👍 yay ! ! ! the girl i usually go with isnt down to go to his shows anymoree 😒 😞 
USERNAME yeah hahha ! must have been something pretty bad to make you want to delete you twitter .. :( <3 
im not gone see my brother for 2 months :'( 
remember in class you walked up to sharping pencil in class and you arms started burning 😭 @ randallstown md URL 
wish i was watching warrior football with my twinie and e #sadtweet 
i want to go to nashville so bad ! :-( 
USERNAME i went to roosevelt 😔 and i didn't even get to say bye to everyone . i only saw justin and jose . 
i dont feel good :( . i miss my bestie . wiah he would forgive me USERNAME 
i'm so god damn tired and can't sleep 😣 🔫 
my eyes are so swollen and i feel like i've been hit by a train 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME feels my pain ! ! #madison &caitlinprobs 
USERNAME i don't live @ home for the first time in 20 years and my sister just informed me that i'm an adult now . no presents 4me :( 
blah they got me closing this tuesday something i really don't wanna do :( 
mice are cute ... but not in my room :( ... 
USERNAME lol i'm sick of y'all for real i can't do it anymore lmao 😔 😤 
USERNAME :o whatt ? ! ? ! ? noo :( i take it back ! 
i've got alcohol but no one to get drunk with ? i'm #teamnofriends ): lol who tf wants to come over ? 
eu não consigo ver selena e justin terminando meu , eu n odeio o justin , mas cara pq isso ? :( ((((((((((( quero jelena again 
i haven't seen live hockey since prospect camp this summer ... ive missed it way too much :( 
oh so my first student loan came in today . i hate everything :( 
i hate n da morning i be on instagram people be posting hella food and i be hungry as fuck 😥 
USERNAME griffin likes to either sleep on me or in between us with his feet in our face . he has stinky feet :( 
trying to download songs today . but can't find any good place to download :( 
USERNAME i've been having those recently ! ! they are scary and so real ! ! :( 
USERNAME i miss my niece && my sister ! wahh ! 😭 come back into my life damnit . 
my brother & i have been fatasses last weekend we ate mcdee's & today we did too . 😔 😤😩 lmao 
i'd much rather be here than go to work 😔 
this girl has been on this machine the whole time ive been here and shes sweating prefusely .. wish i could be as motivated as her 😞 
why can't i find a mazda dealership in nj that is customer friendly ! ! ? mazda sucks , i will never buy another mazda . i miss toyota ! :-( 
USERNAME ahh i wish ! its raining so hard over here ! :( next weekend for sure , and if not , for sure on black friday . 
i hope this burn in my face is nothing serious ! ! ! me muero donde me quede cicatriz :( 
USERNAME i saw ya last night ! you didn't say hi to me ! :( 
#bittersweet .. this has been my room for more than half my life , can't believe i'm letting it go 😔 💔 @ 349 🏡 ❤ URL 
USERNAME :( i hate cleaning ! i rather o 100 pgs of hmwrk ten cleaning :/ 
i feel so bad :( like what if justin is like so upset and he has to pep himself up for the show and tweets like what if he's hiding it :( 
i can't find my scripture book tho ! :/ #sadtweet 
USERNAME yes but it's not gonna start showing results until i take it for a full 72 hours :( 
i've been waiting patiently for things to get better . waiting and waiting and waiting . i hope it gets better soon or idk what i'm gonna do 😔 
USERNAME aww ❤ tell your daddy thank you . i miss him . ): 
my house is a part of history , they told me . 😧 😧 
USERNAME hehe ! the wait is doing my head in ! :( 
so upset i couldn't go get my nails done with nick's cousin . 😔 i was too busy writhing in pain all morning . 😞 
i feel like the only one not at tiger stadium ! 👎 😞 
USERNAME aww ! we are so sorry ! ! ! ! :'( 
i got yelled at for not wearing a helmet :( (@ leon creek greenway south - grissom) URL 
USERNAME doo itt ! or i'm gonna be upset :( 
here's to a wonderful weekend :c heers: #coffee USERNAME URL 
USERNAME aw . if i didn't have to work tonight i'd have you come over and smoke hookah with me . :( 
USERNAME i take that as a bad thing .. 😢 😭 😪 😥 😰 😓 
omgg . i live in a famous house . 😳 😧 
it hurts alot and i cant even bend it :( 
nada mejor para cuando uno esta down 😔 q ir de #shopping #mall #loveit #macy * @ cross county shopping center URL 
i wish i could make things better for the people i love :( 
USERNAME disturb us' that's their exact wording too . #sadtweet 
my brothers friend is still here and i'm too shy to get outta my room lol 😥 
chip is sick . :( i'm making chicken soup . he never gets sick , so it worries me . 
i thought this week was gonna confirm what i already knew but now i'm just 110 times more confused ! ! ! ! ! #conflicted #dontknowwhattodo 😟 😬 😭 😥 😩😫 
USERNAME i was until we got home ... broke a glass n sliced my hand open 😔 
but i have to go to work today 😑 😞 
i would give anything to be able to get another lola just so she would have a friend 😞 #mypetsareeverythingtome 🐢🐢 ❤ URL 
oh fuck my life real hard . did i seriously just do that ? 😣 😠 
USERNAME cuz u a bitch ass nigga and i cant rt you ): :: 
USERNAME ya i know right :( well you can be happy that you're missing all the embarrassing losses ha 
my dad took my laptop and won't share with me 😢 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME ... sorry i couldn't help myself 😔 .... 😏 
USERNAME i would but i'm not home :( i will be l8rs . star wars party ? 
i didn't get much sleep last night so my eyes won't stay open for long . 😞 
USERNAME lol dude . this scene kid picture of myself i found today is actually what made me miss my sidekick :( URL 
USERNAME jahaahahahahqa that's as far it would go back :( ( 
USERNAME i know---i wandered past there a few minutes ago just in case the crowd had dissipated & i could slip in for some onogiri . :-( 
dear french girl that i walked in on talking about steve jobs , i love you 😭 
USERNAME raking leaves untill u die ? cuz thats wat im doing 😞 🍁🍃🍂🌿 
fuck 8 shots of henesy :( i'm dead ... :/ 
i should start getting ready for work .. but my bed , it's calling me . :( 
why do people hate me so much , what did i ever do ): 
mimi its one of those days :( but ik your laying at the end of my be d: -) #dogspirit 
i don't feel good at all today ! this isn't very well at all ! ! ! ☹ URL 
USERNAME i work till 10 pm :( buut i believe i have tomorrow off if you catch my driftt . #partywithbill 
i hate being home alone cuz i just think of everything and get so upset 😔 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME oe oe tocaste fondo jajajaja no ustedes , feos alcohólicos :( 
USERNAME and i have no one to go with :( 
can't believe it's been only a week since i saw my bestie ! :( can't wait for december ! ! ! USERNAME 
soo annoying when you get out of bed and it's freezing 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME you guys are twenty minutes late :( :( 
USERNAME thanks ! i miss zellers though believe it or not :( 
USERNAME mm i don't know if spense will be attending today's festivities ): 
i wish there was a drink that not only made you feel awesome after drinking it but also made you feel awesome in the morning 😔 
just feel like i'm here in spirit and not in body :( 
i really do miss USERNAME sometimes . like a lot . 😔 
i hope we can make plans for next weekend and won't get fucked up like today's :c 
but i'm soo jealous she bouta be 21 and i can't even use her id 😔 😒 😒 
USERNAME doesn't like my whales ! ! ! ! 😿 
i wish my boyfriend didn't have to work all day & night , #ineedhim 😔 
i just really wish i could find a dress 😔 
USERNAME lol everything .... i pretty much forget it all :( 
everyone keeps tweeting how nice it is outside and i haven't even left the house :( 
USERNAME aww im cheesed ! i miss you 😔 but now im exitedd , hope you can come ! 
USERNAME actually i won’t be back in western ny until that sunday now . & won’t be going to roc as planned . :( 
USERNAME nah , i go in at 3 ! 😣 you're working tonight too , right ? 
nicest day were probably gonna have until spring and i'm stuck on a 16 hour shift . 😭 😩 😞 
such a small question . but i guess i got my answer .. 😔 
i want to go somewhere someone come over or let's chill ? wahh 😭 😏 👏 
no amo el calor , no amo el frío , a mi me gusta el intermedio :( 
the past 3 days dayquil , tissues , germx , chapstick , ricolas , and orange juice have been my only friends . i don't wanna play anymore .. 😷 😭 
that's rough rt USERNAME my parents took juli to chuck e cheese's without me ... :( 
i don’t care about the tech game at all today . i don’t feel good :( and i have to work 3-8 
someone come get their nails done with mee 😔 💅 
i missed it yesterday :( i always seem to miss it . haha 
just seen a gator bouts 9 foot long on my way to work #teamflordia not a great pic tho :-( URL 
i want to go to a carnival and for a guy to win me a big fluffy stuffed animal ! :( 
USERNAME so , it seems like you broke up with me ... :c 
i should've listened to my cousin & the other people that tried to warn me :( 
#mention20goodlookingpeopleontwitter .. not one mention . ok . you guys just use me for shoutouts :( . m'kay *stink eye to all of ur avi's* 
someone come help me paint my room > :( ugh #nofriends 
i miss my baby USERNAME ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
i don't shit money so people need to stop bugging me ! 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i can't find him anywhere guys . maybe he's walking around . 💔 USERNAME 
twitter , am i skinny or thick ? ? ! * waits for repliess * nbs :( 
on unt campus but the huge problem is the gorgeous USERNAME is not here :( 
it's always super embarrassing for me to try and park my dads truck ... 😔 😒 #baddriverprobs 
being told you were gonna have this huge birthday present and then being told you cant have it cause of your grades .... #worstdayever . 😭 😭 😭 😣 
seeing people from parkview upload pictures of their horses is just so depressing 😭 🐴 #imworkingonitpeople #poorgirlprobs #sorryaddie 
USERNAME omg ! me too im so mad he isnt here , i really miss stink ! ! ! :'( 
its 1130 and i dont want to get out of bed cuz its too cold :( 
horrible hair - 1. jordan - 0. 👎 😳 🔫 #fml URL 
USERNAME it's good , but sucks so much at the same time . 😥 
my mom hasn't even left detroit and i already miss her . 😔 😔 
4 more minutes & my lunch is over . 😖 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
if i admit that i actually have a heart & that its hurting , can i get some kind of prize or something ? 💔 
r . i . p to my boy abass , you'll be missed ): your in a better place 
USERNAME its because they are becoming more famous . :( soon enough they will forget about us 
we got yelled at for pounding on the table last night :( 
big booty issue 1: try to put on pants the lazy way (without unbuttoning or unzipping pants) and unable to achieve . :( 
USERNAME i'm still confused about the part about the band kids and how a parent called us in .... he made me call my mom > :( 
USERNAME i litteraly asked everyone where you were .. miss you ! :( 
my brother juan went to the bar like always ... so i'm stuck home 😣 
USERNAME you're going ? ! lucky bitch 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME to see my sister , i don't get to hang out . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME no :( so they'll never go online ? this sucks :( 
USERNAME i miss you :( i wish i wasn't sick so we could hang outt 
USERNAME ugh omgg f u 😭 😭 if you see him atleast get me an autograph 😢 
i'm about to take my test ... uhh i'm soo nervous ! ! ! 😔 😔 😔 😁😁😁😁😁😁 
USERNAME aww ! it's not until thursday , but thanks girl ! miss you too ! ): 
i wanna sleep until all my problems are gone . 😔 
it's so sad when me and my mom take baby anthony to get his shots :( he starts yelling and crying . 
USERNAME USERNAME so you go to see your girlfriend but not your bestfriend .... :( 
bill paying 😔 . nonetheless , blessed to be able to pay them 🙌. 
first saturday i haven't gone to the band room .. it doesn't feel right .. i already miss my band family ! #sadday 
USERNAME miss you too ): next time i see ya you better be wearing the batman costume ! 
it's a beautiful 72° day out and i have absolutely nothing to do or anybody to hang with . :( 
USERNAME :( we can't compete with a giant payroll . also , our manager has the aston villa version of miggy on the bench . 
my hobo coat needs a bath , but how do you wash something that's starting to fall apart without it completely falling apart ? 😥 😕 #dilemma 
boo ... it's gonna rain . i knew it wasn't gonna stay nice out for long :( 
laying in bed all day bc i hate everything right now . #bitterbitch #thatsme #idgaf #emotional #meh ): 
USERNAME you should've came with me ! i'm alone :( 
USERNAME oh no :( i thought you'd be at greenville 
omgg i want a car . ugh my parents are slacking man :( 
USERNAME so ... rumor has it your coming over to my house tonight .. #sadtweet #werenotfriends #remember #havefunwithlindsey 
i don't even care about this game anymore . i just want to find USERNAME 😭 
got my hopes up :( amigo isn't coming over . 
i'm so sorry . 😔 prayers out to y'all affected . 
dom is having a show tonight and i'm all the way in tally 😥 
USERNAME ikr look what she said to me :'( she made me cry URL 
USERNAME bitch real as life , no lie 😳 😭 😳 
USERNAME what day ? i have a bad memory & i miss you too /: </3 
USERNAME looks like he's wearing a shirt in his avi , but he isn't #tricksmeeverytime 😔 
USERNAME i got three fillings , and a tooth pulled . 😔 
USERNAME i'm sad that i don't get to see you this weekend :( i love you and next weekend needs to hurry scurry ! 
pulled my shoulder at work . whyy 😢 😥 😰 
USERNAME :( i guess i'll forgive you this time ... lol 
had to settle bc chipotle is closed .... :( (@ subway) URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME we were so close to you guys , my dreams are now crushed . 😕 💔 
USERNAME lucky you ! i work from 4-10 and that extra hour kills me :'( i'm used to working 5-10 all the time 
awwh my grandpa called me and told me they're on there way to calexico , i didn't even get to say bye 😭 😭 😭 
poor chick bored out of her mind working the free samples of cheese cubes at t&t :( #lactoseintollerantasians #sadface 
USERNAME yes . the only time i pick and cuss at you is when you start messing with me . 😔 
USERNAME i wish ! ! 😢 goin hiking with the fam and gf at dukes creek ! miss you and ill see ya over thanksgiving hopefully ! ! ! ! ! 
would love nothing more than to sleep the day away :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME dont do it guys . he is a feeder . spare yourselves the emotional train wreck . 😔 
broo ... i'm happy that me n shaleena won the drinking dual but that tequlia got my stomach on fire ! & i have work n 29minutess . 😣 😱 😱 😭 
USERNAME i wanted to meet you so bad yesterday :( 
USERNAME aww :( i actually cried when she said we couldnt lol then my brother got a dog and forcefully kept it in the house .. 
USERNAME i haven't seen season 3 its really sad and confusing but i'm still watching season 4. ugh :c 
after high school :c ollege in hawai'i sounds good to me though . 🌅📝🌺✈👌✌🙏 
graduate fair , full of pretzels and corn dogs and people trying to sell me stuff ! hiding cap & gowns in the back :( URL 
so he better pay the rest by next weekend 😣 
no lie , i feel depressed as fuck . i need a good time tonight . #seriously #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME i love taco bell i wish we had a taco bell on grand bahama :-( 
i want to go to the gorge today ! it's so nice out . 😔 🌞🍃🍂🌹🌻🌲 
i really wanna watch a&m football today . 😭 😒 
i never been this sick in my life ! :( ugh ! ! ! ! #sick #coughing #yuck #eww #bleh #ba @ south park neighborhood URL 
well , i think that after two weeks it's safe to say that they forgot about us :( USERNAME USERNAME #foreverinthedark 
omg tha t.t hunder scares me ... i need my dj . 
USERNAME nope , i didn't even know about that :( lol 
i miss when i had all my justin bieber posters up 😥 awhh i miss my room like that ! & my bed ! 
always there when i'm not ! ! :( rt USERNAME tallahassee i'm on my muthafuckin way ...... 
USERNAME i told you not to open it ! ! sowwy :( 
USERNAME noo i dont ): i miss tellin u my life story loll 
USERNAME omg that happens to me too ! always on my hips 😔 
USERNAME i wish i could . i don't get much time for programming anymore :'( 
between work and his stuff , we'll never see each other on the weekends ! :( 
why do i agree to these things ? #dumbass 😁 😔 
i feel like crap and don't wanna do anything today :( 
USERNAME i don't either ! glad you had fun tho ! sad i didn't go . 😔 
this dumb ass rain gone fuck up everything ! ☹ 
jealous of people who are going to the husker game ... 😒 😭 😔 
i don't wanna spend money to put gas in my car :'( 
gonna be weird going out tonight and everyone being dressed in normal clothes #nomorehalloweekend :( 
this rain in the suburbs is brutal ! 😔 ☔☁ 
my tummy hurts ! ! 😭 😭 😢 😢 😰 
had fun with USERNAME and USERNAME last night . even though beeps was a hooker and left us 😣 
USERNAME not time to move away from everyone and i 😥 😭 ill miss you 
USERNAME i started thinking about everything again an i'm just sad 😭 
USERNAME but the gas is 😦 but i might just to see your cute face . 😏 
USERNAME 😭 you only visit when i'm out of townn 
really hard for us to take advantage of free on-campus gameday parking when we forget the parking pass . :( 
i wanna take a shower so bad but it's cold 😣 🛀💦 
i wanted to go to the harbor today but now i'm stuck inside 😔 
USERNAME that's soo not funny ! :'( this is ridic ! lol . 
i am gonna be sad to leave lafeyette . :( 
USERNAME hahaha :( (( well i miss you too ! after tonight i'm free , when are you ? ! 
why are we fighting ? 😭 i can't stand this #imsorry 
the haunted house at the fair just ain't what it used to be :-( 
i guess i'm doing this project by myself . #fml 
i know she ain't talkin bout me since we nvr dated :( 
don't think i'm going to the party today . :( stupid rain ! 
i miss #oomf mad crazy right now ! :-( ( 
no , really , i love spending my saturdays in the library by myself 😔 
i have a habit of pushing good people away 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i hate living in a world where yoga and playing with guns are the only activities available for young children :( 
especially my brother .. 😞 😔 😣 😕 💔 💔 
when she calls somebody else attractive as hell right after she just got done telling you that she loves you so much> :( 
USERNAME watch the language alex ! ! ! ! 😦 
USERNAME USERNAME that's to bad thay lj is walking :( 
USERNAME so true ! i'm really freaked out right now ): 
USERNAME ive been workin since 7am 😞 and then i got work at 6 😣 
#mention20goodlookingpeopleontwitter USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know i know im ashamed :( 
i want a massage my body hurt :( miss getting them and giving them .. 
USERNAME i know like they they should continue making more -__- such a piss off :( 
i have a hair appt tuesday and idk what i wanna do to it :( 
USERNAME shush that's why you lay in bed all day everyday . 😣 
can't go to citadel to see USERNAME because its my cousins birthday :c it sucks because it's the birthday of the cousin i don't like :c 
the fact that i can't show stefani my cute kitty reaction picture because her phone doesn't get pictures , and i won't see her tomorrow << 😭 
USERNAME ik :( other two i was outta town , this year me and my into it . mann i feel bad ! 
USERNAME im not able to answer you dm cuz you don't follow me i can only read them :( 
over summer time me & USERNAME chilled all the time , now we barely chill 💔 i miss my boii 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME it is and i'm stuck at work till 8 :( 
i really wish USERNAME was on his way here right now 😔 💔 
oomf needs to come over like right now . this storm is not the move 😖 😣 
#mention20goodlookingpeopleontwitter . . . i never get mentioned :( . 
uhh my mom sucks ! she doesn't want to bring me my charger :( (((( 
sorry i missed your game today USERNAME :( took forever to clean up after pumpkin burn party . bet you played like a rock star ! 
but the toilet is clogged because of this slave ! #fml 
USERNAME stop judging me before i disown you ! ! ! ! :'( 
then the next day i checked my twitter i became uncool & basically had about 40 people unfollow me 😭 
i wonder if somebody looks back on a relationship they had with me :/ ... i do :( #singlelife #lookingback #memoriesareallihave 
gauged my forward helix . hurts like a bitch . 😣 
u not coming back ? yeah u the one who effed up again ! :( and u don't care that u hurt somebody again 
janina :c an't really tell who's a hoe and who's not lol 
boyfriend just went home and i miss him already .. ): 
i feel bad for my daddy 😥 💔 he got laid off 
i simply do not enjoy cramping a week and a half before mother nature gets here :( #sad #feelingyucky 
USERNAME please forgive me i'll find someone like youuhh 💔 🎶 
omgg romney just sent out his last e-mail blast thanking us for all the volunteer work we did 😭 #dying 
USERNAME why can't you follow me you are so making me sad and cry :( 
yeah lex sounds good . too bad for me 😔 😞 
my boys aren't on the same team 😢 oh wells @ pope john paul ii css URL 
alone at home :( dont know what to do ... #alone #home 
my mom wakes me up and starts nagging . shut up . 😔 👎 
USERNAME its funny that she gives us only an hr . that wont even put a dent in it for us ya know ? so much to know/ask/ tell her . :( 
USERNAME you get me mad when you think i don't care about you </3 
USERNAME no ! ! ! :( follow me personal USERNAME 
here we go… just another weekend at work 😞 🔫💣 
i already know our plans tomorrow prolly won't be happening now 😔 
i miss my grandma that's why i got her name tatted on me , she with me all the time tho :( 
i thought we were doing bp tonight but it was last night . :( i don't drink but i like talking to the girls lol . 
nothing sucks more then going out to ride for a day and you get back from your first time out and your valve stems ripped off your tube . # :( 
soo rdy to get off work ..... it's been one of them days 😡 😞 
USERNAME lol ! i wish i remember that . :( 
i'm so upset that i feel like i'm going to puke . 😦 😭 😩😫 😱 😨 😓 😰 
i buy clothes & don't even go nowhere to wear em ... 😞 
i'm taking a life guarding class next semester . yeah #fml 
USERNAME yes , thank you ! lol . i staay wanting to retweet you but i can't :( 
omg .. iwant to see my boyfriend todayy .. :( 
heading to the 7 for possibly the last time :( 
USERNAME i know :( so sad . really though , get your ass up here . 
but i miss my chocolate man :( i aint seen him since this morning 
USERNAME ugh i know 💔 i need you guys to come play with me at rowan soon . i don't make an asshole of myself enough without you . 
not being able to wash your hair because you're getting it done 😭 
this heart to heart with USERNAME >> someone finally understands exactly how i feel . 😔 
wish i wasn't so sick i just wanna play #wah 😷 😭 
all i want for my birthday is a ...... hold up 😔 😣 😒 wtf ? ? ? #sshheesshh #re @ the clubhouse at cityview apts URL 
i really wish i could stay here with tony instead of working :( 
although its not raining .. my plans are still canceled :( makes me sad 
i need to get these wisdom teeth out 😁 😣 
"look me in my eyes in try to feel my pain , do yue know how to be left out in the rain ? ? ! #old #myshit #bumpin </3 
USERNAME :( well , you're finding amusement in this & i don't see the funny part ! 
USERNAME i'm so upset you didn't meet canadian rick 😧 😥 
USERNAME yeah but it’s a really long one . left my house at 9. prolly be home at 9 :( 
i need to pay my visa 😭 😭 😭 #workandschoolweek 
just hanging out with this little piece of heaven today ... 😾 URL 
the gym is calling my name .... but so is my bed :( 
USERNAME now that i think about it , i did because that's when the coke came out of my nose and i cried . 😭 
USERNAME yes you can ! i did it ! :( i feel bad too . but it's okay ... 
when your bf gets stuck at work and has to delay your plans 😞 <<< 
i remember i heard of some crips that robbed an elote man one day 😔 i was so sad . 
there is nothing i hate more than just getting off of work , && when you get picked up , that person has a million places to go . ): 
USERNAME i am still sick of the resul t.t hank you . you were just what this country needed . divine providence . wish you & yours the best . 
some guy just left his little kid in the car alone at starbucks 😥 
last showgate of the season 😢 #sdsu #theshow #aztecs #football @ sdsu tailgate section b2 URL 
waking up to the sound of rain>>>then looking out the window and seeing it turned into snow 😥 😥 😥 
i'm soo cold my lips are purple ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME spo di qka me ble , se palidhje mu kthy durt shprast :( ... nsiklet jom hahahahaaj 
can it just be tomorrow already .. miserable .. in so much pain 😥 
i just dropped my phone and f'd up my headphones 😒 😞 😒 
s/o to USERNAME for being a good friend and being really nice but we never talk anymore 😔 #followher 
USERNAME that 82 is only for sallie mae , i have 40k elsewhere . :( lets' trade . 
i don't even know how or where i'll be spending the holidays this year ... #depressing #bummer 
passed the dog park in destin and couldn't help but get teary eyed .. i miss my babygirl 😔 💔 🐶 #ripsavannah 
why do i have a scratch on my face 😱 😢 😣 
well my phones about to die , no more updates from me :( 
it's cooled here , i don't want winter to come :( , i love summer ! ! ! 
my parents don't want me to have a social life #neverletmegoanywhere 😔 
mad #fixie bikes in lincoln park #jerseycity . 20+ bikes deep at a meet i guess . i'm sad i wasn't invited :( 
USERNAME my teams are full of disappointment and failure :( 
someone on this bus smells like a wet dirty dog 😖 😖 😥 
USERNAME miss you too ! 💋 you need to come here asap i just found out i can't go home again till like may 😢 
you all better hurry . i'm effing hungry > :( 
a ju vem falar comigo , quando eu saio , o amor ): 
USERNAME haha i bet ! ! ! my momma is a texas queen . she doesn't make gumbo :( 
thanks a lot mom you made my bf sad :( 
USERNAME i'm kinda late on this but brahh , i liked having him as our study hall person :( but i don't think he knows my name lol 
USERNAME yeah its beautiful out ! ! i don't wanna go :( 
i'd just like to go on record & say that #alzheimerssucks . 😢 
my car is gonna have 80,000 miles on it pretty soon :( 
i need a vacation .. not any vacation .. a good one ! ! ! ! 😒 i miss family trips USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😭 😭 
my tounge still hurts from when i burnt it on my latte :( 
USERNAME perdon si hice algo malo yo te amo cami :( 
i am thoroughly offended by #glee 's #failed attempt at pink's song ! ! ! ! the destroyed my song :( 
i'm feeling good right now but my patron is almost gone ... i don't wanna pop the grey goose bottle till tomorrow though 😣 😩 
america's next top model changed completely . #notdiggingit 😔 😒 
USERNAME no but my hubby does . i have a bad hip , so i hear ya :( 
im losing my voice to top it all off :( 
USERNAME i think you're pretty screwed as far as recital parking is concerned . everything is locked till game-ish time i think :( 
USERNAME i can't . :( my sister is making me babysit ! 
USERNAME whaa ? ! ? mom said you weren't coming down this weekend 😞 but otay , i will try until i see you . i love you aki mom ! ❤ 
ill never forgive USERNAME for standing me up on our date yesterday ... :'( 
birthdays aren't the same without my mom anymore . words can't describe how much i miss , love & need that lady . rip mama 💔 😞 
it's saturday , and i'm up worrying and working on this stupid power point for english .. #hateschool #sicktweet 😷 😞 💻📝 
getting ready so i can go to the cemetery & visit my sis casha do the balloon release ! huhh i miss you cookie :'( 
closed for the season :-( (@ bread and puppet museum) URL 
camie is so sick right now and having trouble breathing :( 
wtf is going on . this dude was just like 😞 sure that's what you were looking at 
USERNAME please hurry , we've been waiting patiently and you were supposed to be here almost an hour ago </3 
this ... this fucking sucks :( i feel real bad for these people . you wouldn't know unless you see this firsthand ... 
USERNAME where are you ? i sent the twitter community an invite and you never came 💔 
i hate the fact that i always care to much 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME jelena acabou kra , socorr :( ( 
damn . i haven't worked in 2 weeks . no money this week or next .. great .. 😞 
i just want my brothers to be home already #missthem 💔 
USERNAME not goodd :( i'm feeling better . take some dayquil . 
i fucking swear ! these headaches will be the end of me ! :( i probably have a fckn brain tumor in my head or something . 
why does my skin have to be so dry .. :( 
my xc bow :( it's all chillen in my room waiting for next season ! #xcnation #distancerunners #werecute URL 
the fact that i won't be walking into that gym on monday is starting to sink in . #notready 😥 
someone visit me at work today , no one ever comes to hungry bear 😞 🐻 
USERNAME i'm in wisconsin visiting my family 😔 i'm sorry 
USERNAME hahaha i know i miss you ! i miss 8th grade ! ): we are already sophomores ! 
wishing i was going to be at sisterhood retreat :( #nerdproblems 
i need some friends to hang with , i'm bored a'f :( 
when you see your best friend crying over a douche bag is the worst feeling ever . #brokenhearts </3 
well so much for a beautiful day :( it's pouring rain outside now .... 
USERNAME ~giggles abit~it is a pleasure to meet you aswell doctor c :{ : 
USERNAME i am bae i jus feel so shity :( 
i want curly hair , hate having straight hair when my mom , sister & everyone else in my family has it 😞 😒 😠 
pandora <3 i want starbucks ): ! ! ! ! ! ! 
i havent talked to rene in a long time :( i miss him ! 
its crazy how fast you can throw us away .... i thought i meant more than that 😔 
USERNAME ofcourse ! and i miss you too :( ((( 
they blocked of the toad we needed to go drop stuff off . sorry USERNAME , maybe next time :( 
i miss ash and she left 30 minutes ago . im not going to make it 2 months without her 😭 😢 
why does justin have to be sad :( love sucks 
effin cold ! my kid is still coughing . 😞 URL 
i love my dad .. i just wish my mom was more like him ... 😔 😞 
USERNAME oh crap , its today ? idk if i can make it at 6 :( i'll text ya about it 
the fact my parents don't trust me & i get the worst anxiety when i even think about lying to them literally ruins everything . 😭 
this baby wanted me i adopt him ... 😔 ... but i live in a dorm ... @ bowling green-warren county humane society URL 
what am i doing tonight ? please someone get me out of here 😔 
i have never had this much school work to do in one weekend . 😞 😑 won't be seein me all weekend #nerd #bookworm 
i wish i had a nice booty , so that i could wear yoga pants </3 
i always disappoint you . i know i do #sadtweet 
USERNAME i'm so pissed i woke up so late :( i was looking forward to that 
USERNAME what school u waiting for ? ? ! ? and i'm good just down in tech school .. i'm gettin stationed in japan ! ! ! i miss you guys too 😞 
i really want to go back to sleep 😔 💤 but i can't 
USERNAME really ? i'm not on campus atm tho :( 
why isn't anybody tweeting about USERNAME new single where's teambreezy at ? 😔 #smh 
USERNAME i knoww 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i don't understand . 
i wish my sister was home to distract me from my thoughts 😔 
i just want flowers and a cute date :( too much to ask ? okay 😔 
tomorrows going to be the worst day of my life :( 
i haven't used the phrase in such a long time :( 
USERNAME wtff you always have the weirdest problems :( get better ! 
i wish i could just sleep all day ... </3 
USERNAME i wanted snow pictures ! :( i just had the dates for turning them in confused lol they'll look great ! 
i think i'm addicted to sleep . i just wokeup an hour ago from sleeping 13 hours and now i'm going back to bed . 😁😴 😣 #ifeelweird #ilovesleep 
been productive all day cause i miss my girl 😔 
i want to keep ... :-( but i cant need to sell .. 
dammit hurry up daddy ! :( im tired of stayin in the house ! #callme 
5 pm hurry up ! i'm ready to go home to my boy :( 
USERNAME kaceys mom felt it in knoxville but it didn't do anything at lees :( 
i woke up this morning , and obama was our president ... 😔 
just made a whole pot of coffee , and got mad because there's no creamer left . who's fault is that ? oh yeah , mine 😔 #livingaloneprobz 
USERNAME omg i was there yesterday ! :( and ill be there monday ! ! wahh 
USERNAME USERNAME fuck y'all ! 😔 😢 😭 😪 😥 😰 😓 
i always forget my headphones at home like what's wrong with me )))) ): 
USERNAME awe damn ! i so wanted to come to chaos while i was out there :( where are some places i have to go , i've never been 
USERNAME stop ! don't be like that , i had weights :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm not but i think yechan is . bio exam tomorrow :( 
USERNAME i said that to her and she pushed me out of the rv and drove away :( fuckin bitch 
my iphone home button is starting to not work :( ((((((((((((((((((((( 
a truck on i75 has three dead deer attached to its roof 😭 
USERNAME me too :( i also miss the days of my profile photo ... lol 
alone on a saturday 😔 ... sad isn't it ? 
USERNAME i miss you too pretty lady ! :( how's school ? 
so happy i got to see my bestie USERNAME but hate when she leaves me ! 😭 
i don't want chris to go back to afghanistans 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME awh i wish i got to work at 2 😒 😔 
an hour ago there was 100 girls in the house and now there's no one :( 
will someone please do this economics paper for me :'( 
USERNAME .. but i got you something this year :( 
noo ! alex isn't here right now , please stop asking; it makes it worse that i miss him so much ! 😔 😓 
USERNAME well the truth is yu went fake on me ' </3 
this can't be life uva hadn't scored this much on offense all year :-( 
USERNAME are you ready to train for the full ? ! 😥 👟🏃 
ugh back to deborpoo in my man suit with USERNAME 😔 
finally home & resting after walking like 5 miles when the parade had ended lol . 😞 #tired 
i miss that bitch USERNAME real real bad ! ! 😩 😢 😔 
ayye anyone got some plans tonite ? ? ? jus in case my tyler plans fail :( lol 
i'm so stupid for just sitting around here waiting for him to text or call </3 
USERNAME USERNAME i didn't even have a dream last night 😔 
the end of ella enchanted is so cute 😊 😊 😊 😊 😭 😭 😊 😊 😊 😭 😊 😊 😊 ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ 
after my son game he was 😥 cuz he thought mama n cousin robert weren't proud of him 
got called into work early .... :( my feet still hurt from last night . hope i make some money . can't wait to go christmas shopping ! 
omfg i just passed the caboose on the train and it says pierce the veil and sleeping with sirens my husband is there ! im missing them :'( 
USERNAME i dont think that i can ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( ((((((((((((((((( ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME would be touring with #thepulse when there is no where near me to go 👯 😑 😢 
tengo ganas de un amor sincero ... ya sin el 💔 
i was crying cause i couldn't have cake ): URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME kra eu tinha realizado meu sonho qndo eles estavam juntos :( ( 
a lot of my homecoming pictures got erased somehow ! #wtf :( 
wahh , i hate when i know you read my message but you didn't respond . 😥 😱 😨 
its so damn annoying when people think they can tell me how to do my job ! > :( #asshole 
nigga yo name is freaky lmao “USERNAME i miss kanapz aka freeaakkyy too :( USERNAME 
not ready to head back home tomorrow ! ! :'( #wah 
USERNAME hahah (; i would say text me but my phones off :( 
long time no see ! lmao 😭 . now URL 
. USERNAME got a cool panda and i got a lame leaf . :( (@ urth caffé w/ 4 others) [pic]: URL 
USERNAME i gave it to mezan . i would pick you up if i didn't have work > :( 
USERNAME tell your earring eating bed to give me my earring back ! :( 
USERNAME we need to see each other soon 😭 😭 😭 
someone should bring me a cupcake on tuesday because i want a cupcake :c lol 
my favorite band ! but they only had an x-small 😢 #thekillers #samstown #hotfuss @ hot topic URL 
:( my mom won't let me get a belly ring when im 16 
aww why im at work my family in mex . is celebrating like there is no tomorrow ! :( 
USERNAME dang i can't go . :( i know you'll do great ! have fun ! 😘 
lol no :( they ain't have no cute ones in the store so i'm just wearing polo . 
nose is stuffy on one side and sneezing like hell .... i think i'm bout to come down with a cold . 😞 
USERNAME from what've seen on my phone doesn't look like it . :( 
USERNAME lol hi maddy yea i'm good jus taken care tati tryn get job shits hard :( 
i miss my sister mane :( baby come back ! 
USERNAME i've lost all respect for you as a person </3 
having a mom who hates shopping< i wanna go to the mall of america 😭 😔 😪😩 
i dont wanna clean my room i just wanna sleep more ): 
would anyone be interested in doing something today ? ? ? no ? yeah , i didn't think so ... :( 
damn it i hate it when i accidentally like pictures on instagram . #fml 
how can it escalate when he doesn't even know what i'm tweeting ? #disappointed 😔 
USERNAME sitting on my new bed :( ((( wbu ? 
listening to do it makes me miss USERNAME USERNAME 😔 
the sick feeling you get when you've pushed yourself hard at the gym/working out after not working out in a whiille :( ( ... not cool 
anyone have an iphone they'd like to let me borrow ? :( 
aww deadmau5 is all sad n' shit with a broken heart :( 
if someone wants to come over with some movies and hang out with me , feel free . possibly concussed .. :( ( 
princeton beats yale for the bonfire ! too bad i won't be there 😞 
ever since my mom bought a new house i haven't seen her as much #sadtweet 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 idk lmao i died when i saw this tho 
damn :( looks like im not goin to tyler this weekend ! but wats up for tonite ? 
messed up my back in the weight room #fml #dumbassme 
apple iphone 4 - 32gb - black at&t (permanently unlocked all gsm carriers ): URL #ebaymobile 
i've always been there for you and now your just fading away 😔 
have that feelin im not cut ou t.t o be in a relationship 
USERNAME cant :'( </3 going to adrian or tecumseh or both ? :( #carpetshopping #dinnerwithgrandparents mahh :( 
i wish my brother wasn't in georgia . i miss hims ): 
i don't think i could go vegan ... at least not yet . 😞 
USERNAME i work with a person that has that alzheimer's is not easy to see how take over the body 😔 . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME dont lie .... 😥 😪 😭 😰 😓 
USERNAME you were at the stop sign coming from stanley to 82 and you were looking 😔 hah 
i miss you . come back into my life 😣 
the fact that i have to work with someone who i hate and egged my house < #really #fml 
i feel so fat and gross and overall bad . 😔 
i miss USERNAME :( even tho she forgot about me again ! 
ohh man i gotta pee and this car ride is not helping me :( 
it is a lovely day outside ! and i'm stuck indoors ... #awesome :( 
here we goo ... edc day two , damn still feel like shit though :( 
look where i tweeted from this time guys 💔 😢 #hiboston 😒 
yeah ....... i'm a nonfactor to him now & its my own fault . 😔 
USERNAME all about it broski . ! (; are we hanging tonight . ! ? ! ? ! ? i miss you :( 
USERNAME ughh didnt mean to make you mad we just messing with you like you ash do to me ! :( talk to me please babe ? #loveyou #reallydo 
dude .. cried so hard cause of the walking dead . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME ask les i don't know my number :( 
ann arbor is so gorgeous ... gah i want to go to u of m :( 
i am alone & i am bored and hungover and i'm hungry but i don't wanna go to dunkin alone :( but i should shower . unicorns ! #currentthoughts 
i wish it didn't take me so long to do my hair 😔 
USERNAME you haven't replied to me in forever :( i miss awkwardd 
i'm so damn hungry :( at least my mommy is getting ice cream and cookies for me . 
s/o to USERNAME for being a stranger 😔 but that should change #followher 
:( i dropped cake on my white jeans ! ! (it's darker than that) URL 
all i want is thicker hair ! is that too much to ask ? ! #sadtweet 
been working on the lawn since 6 this morning . freaking exhausted . nowhere near being done :( 
supposed to be at work right now & i'm still in the bed . smh . i don't wanna go . 😭 😭 
ull fan just told me southern miss has never been a competitive school . 1. lololololololololololololol . 2. :( 
USERNAME i texted you like 2 weeks ago and i got no love back :( 
i wanna watch the asu game but i don't get the pac12 channel :( 
USERNAME waah i didn't wanna wake you up ! sorry 😔 
no more procrastination . homework mode . ughh shouldn't have given up on mom's offer of shopping in burlingame :( 
im soo craving sushi right about ... now ): < 
if this was myspaxe my mood would be depressed ... :( 
thanks who stole my birthday money and my free manicure certificate 😣 😕 
oh hey , USERNAME i miss you so much . 😳 💔 
oh , lord it's hard to be ... an arkansas razorback fan . #wps 😕 💔 🐗 
USERNAME im not gonna watch it anymore :( my dad wants to go so were watching another movie 
while we've been in line for tatsu for long time found a clothes pin attached to my ass :( 
i just brushed my teeth i think i'm going to cry that hurt so bad 😭 
i wanna go see skyfall ! but not by myself :( 
USERNAME no idk where they went .. i wanted to see them tho 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i did . gosh , how many differen t.t twitter accounts do you have ? lol 
i have to hand feed apollo now :c haha . 
okay , i ain’t a boss anymore i gotta go clean 😟 😦 
what i would do to have a bowl ready for me as soon as i got out of the shower 😔 
USERNAME text mee ! i don't have your number in my phone ! 😔 
i literally have the best family . they always send me mail just to let me know how much they miss me :( <3 
can somebody tell me how to get things back the way they used to be , oh god give me a reason i'm down on bended knee 😞 
drinking this weedtea , blowing dwn the house w/my bro , uncle , sister , & a couple friends wishing you was here :( #frass #girlfriendtweet 
#iwillneverunderstand why something bad happenes to my baby ! :'( 
aww and i was excited too .... oh wells </3 
USERNAME i wanna fucking go . #fml dude my mom foreal won't wait for me either . gawd 
he treated her like a queen , she hurt him like he has no heart .... :( 
USERNAME heeyy don't be putting me on blast like that 😒 i cudnt see shit with that fucking light ! ! ! ! lmaaoo 😭 
USERNAME oh my gosh ! i saw you ! but i didn't know if it was you for sure so i didn't go up & say hi :( 
reaally wanna go to a movie today . too bad i'm broke :( #itsbeentoolong #havingwithdrawals 
USERNAME oh , no ! sorry , katie ! we know the feeling . :( 
i could be taking class from mia michaels right now .... :( #jump 
why do good people have to die ? 😔 #sadtweet 
i was so close to going to the USERNAME concert tonight 😩 i would have gone even though im this sick if i got tickets #sadtweet #bigfan 
USERNAME yes ! ! ! one girl was in first place and passed out like 10 feet from the finish :( 
fuck it ! fuck it ! fuck it all :( ( 
there is only one person i care to hear from today ... missin' my best friend ... 😔 
USERNAME naw just wondering ....... let me know abou t.t omoro ... 
USERNAME yes :( that’s how it’s been with me . 
look over to the other side of the bed and noones there << USERNAME #tooweird #missu 😥 
USERNAME my legs are killing me from dancing so much lol 😔 
cut off the top of my thumb today , nbd . jus ur average battle wounds if being a cook #ouch 🔪 😞 
USERNAME ohh my god give it to me :( ((( 
i love feeling overwhelmed .. #stressed . #shootme # 😞 😩 😥 😭 
USERNAME ill just wear it to school i guess 😔 
missing my boyfriend on these tournament weekends since he's no longer playing on duf :( 
USERNAME i want to . but i'm like basically completely broke :( 
my mom has me in fashion show mall looking a hot ass mess 😣 
USERNAME i fucking know man . :( i get off in december 
just realized i missed my 1000 tweet :{ ... s/o to my sister USERNAME she's my other half , wouldnt kno what i would do without her <3 
watching this defeat .. syracuse and louisville .. 🚬🚬 😣 😣 
oh fox news im a single woman who voted for obama & i'm not 'married to government' nor dependent on a handout ... thanks for ur ignorance :-( 
so today i'm supposed to celebrate my birthday . where are all my friends ... 😔 
now is when i wish my grandma was here to make me some menudo 😔 
i just wish i could fly home for the weekend 😔 
USERNAME ik i'm driving into it right now .. ): 
i wish i could just nap , dreading going to work right about now 😣 
this has been a long day ... #strained #help #sadtweet #fried 
so my back is messed up from falling into the shower last night #whitegirlwastrd #fml USERNAME USERNAME 😬 
USERNAME when on tw , pls don't say how the repubs can get better . they won' t.t ea party is the repub party . they are not willing to change 
knowing that i have to sit next to you on tuesday < #fml 
all i wanna do is cuddle with you when we hang out . but you'd probably think i'm weird . 😔 
USERNAME how did you make you twitter like that ? with like your picture and the other picture behind it like the new update :c 
man i wish i could walk out the house with a sports bra and boy shorts . 😔 i hate clothes . 
USERNAME awwh i wish i could ! #boo #hatebabysitting :( 
no more running away from it ... haircut time :'( 
USERNAME i'm sad that you can't 😔 and thank you ! ! ❤ love you too ! 
USERNAME nope . her and i haven't talked in like forever . she doesn't live by me anymore ): you and taylor still friends ? 
like seriously how did i get soo drunk ? god im still effin wasted and i passed out 3 hours before the party ended im a pooper :( 
USERNAME i know ! i didn't take pictures with anyone ! ): 
USERNAME well ill be working by then ... but wtf i was watching tv and making pizza rolls and everything shuts off > :( a 
blah .. even tho i love the money i hate spending 8 hours in a stranger's house 😣 
no one will make me a sandwich . :( ((((( 
USERNAME lol ik right ! were almost 40 now :( haha 
here's to a wonderful weekend :c heers: #coffee USERNAME URL 
USERNAME we got one homie ! ! ! new musick ! ! ! e-shotty (prod . by melle mel jr ): URL via USERNAME 
USERNAME i went to get those shoes today and they didn't have my size 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME damn i wanted some :( but i'm going to the mall with my uncle 
i miss you but i'm still pissed off at you . 😔 
wish i could went to find ryan lochte today </3 
didnt go to one state game this year , and now no red wings ... #sadtweet 
i've never seen anything like this in my life 😔 this world is crazy 
USERNAME ok i'm sorry . please for give me :-( 
watching the descendants makes me really miss living in hawaii :-( 
USERNAME ;c noo i don't damnit all the cool people have ipads and stuff that's why your twitter is so cool :'( haha 
i'm just saying .. you could probably do fucking better . #drake #js #sadday 
USERNAME it's laundry day and it's all i have to wear 😭 
i had high expectations for this day ... then i was woken up at 8:00 after going to bed at 5:00 😔 
my brother just left mann 1 day want enough imma miss that loser :'( 
USERNAME but , it would be better for your future . 😔 
why can't my life be a country song ? 😔 
ugh . woke up a little bit ago because i woke up in the middle of the night sneezing and couldn't go back to sleep :( #stupid #cold #allergies 
USERNAME is probably dying of starvation at work ? ! 😥 
USERNAME i went thru every single channel starting out with 1 to 9926 looking for the pac12 channel . lmfao . :( 
USERNAME ohh hush willis ! ! my tl was right there and we're not suppose to socialize ! ! ! ! ! i'm sorry 😔 
i just can't get a break . i'm so over everything :'( 
USERNAME omg that's exactly how i feel right now .. holy shit :( 
hey , how bout i don't clean the entire house today ... 😔 
pizza ? no :( USERNAME could you really resist ! ? 
i literally just slept for 12 hours straight . idk if that's a good thing or a bad thing lol but i feel great ! is gonna be dark in 3 hours :( 
:-( for employees being fired . can't fathom charging that much for #deals URL USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME like the opportunity to follow me , which you have not done :( 
people with #ipad #ipod -_- i'm so jealous of you . . . . </3 #ipodsecretworld 
but .... the cause and the cure is him . 😔 lol *sings* 
watching greys from thursday ... so sad 😢 😭 😥 
USERNAME i'm sorry when i saw u i was in a bit hurry :( 
sitting here playing halo like the douche bag loser that i am #fml 
just saw my halloween hook up in the gym .... i still have his doctors lab coat ahahaha #fml 
if i could sell my car right now id be the happy owner of a ram daytona :( 
i fucking hate my computer i need to update it 👎 😢 
USERNAME i miss it too ! 😔 it sucks being so far away ! #sosad 
i miss my zekey baby more than anything in this world💕 😔 🐴🐎 
it's a beautiful day . took 1 last glorious ride on the bike and put it away until spring :'( 
USERNAME lol i know i was like noo ! ! ! and it ended . :c 
#sometimesiwonder why i'm still single , then i look in the mirror and remember why .. 😔 
i hope my brother is okay :( he broke his foot ... i love you my marine <3 3 
USERNAME ohh :( why if you come over before she goes to work ? 
USERNAME USERNAME shut up , really ? ! ? ! that's upsetting news :( 
why does USERNAME always take so long to text back 😣 
USERNAME no it's just cuz i'm a loser 😪 😥 #jk 
i hate losing , but syracuse just out played us #sadtweet #cardnation #9 -1 
every time i see stormys face i honestly die inside ... i'm a fucking ass hole 😔 
i just wanna go to sleep but there's not enough time 😔 
why does USERNAME have to be so good looking . and he's my age . :'( #torture 
i want ihop , but that's gonna make me late to work 😔 
i miss the backstreet boys so much 😔 #basicbitchtweet #whateva #itstrue 
USERNAME it was until he cried ! ! ! ! that made him like spiderman 😔 
now my brother going back to norfolk and i won't see him for some shit 😔 , damn i'm going to miss the big homie 😢 
selena and justin .... i just knew that they would break up :( 
USERNAME ahh no i wish i was 😢 have funn ! ! drink an extra for me 🍻🍷🍹🍺🍸 
USERNAME sad thing is she doesn't exist my friend :( and instead of a honda make that a subaru ;) 
and i also want posole ! but i'm not mexican so none at my house 😔 
off to the north shore to get my dad #fml 
wish had the money i used to have . :( #fortheloveofthemoney 
i really just don't want to go to work 😔 
USERNAME ughh dang you just forget bout me ! i'm a sad friend :( 
24 followers 😥 please fix this and follow me and i will #autofollowback u t USERNAME URL 
USERNAME go to the doctor ! ! that's awful :( 
words can't even begin to explain how much i miss my family in rancho grande 💔 @ rancho grande , el salvador URL 
gahh ! why do i love a show that sends me into tears ! ? ! #armywives season 5 episode four really freaking sucks ! ! ! 😭 
USERNAME é o meu postal code . pra você entrar numa caixa do fedex e vir pra cá. ): dkalsdaskd <3 
it seems like every time we make plans to hangout something always happens and they fall through . #sadtweet 
i always wake up with every notification possible except a text 😔 
s/o to my love USERNAME for being beautiful and my bestfriend and just always being there i miss her 😘 💜 😔 
dominican dominoes and fredrick brews ! @ 😾 big kat's boom boom room 😼 URL 
USERNAME is it true is there no more jelena ? :( 
people say things get easier in time but i feel like its just getting harder 😔 😢 
USERNAME jcp ! it's a seasonal holiday job at shoes . i probably won't be able to go home for thanksgiving , xmas , & new year tho :c 
USERNAME ohh :( well you could come over ! my dad is here ! 
jeans are either too short and fit my waist of perfect length but huge on my waist . i need help :'( 😩 
my back kills so bad :( praying it feels a little better tonight 🙏🙏🙏 
how come i don't have the new twitter :c ? 
going with someone to get a tattoo but not being able to get one <<<<< :( 
my mom is always telling me that i need to go on a diet ): 
i'm gonna die of starvation if USERNAME doesn't hurry 😭 
USERNAME i miss you too girlie ! ! ! :( 
i don't even use my laptop -.- and it's new ! #sadtweet ... my sister uses it and takes it everywhere she goes ! ! 
i wear my pajamas outside all the time though ): 
USERNAME theyre making justin sound like shit ! he was the best boyfriend she ever had ! im crying :( 
atl loses dross with bmac out for probably first two months ? ! :( ((( 
i want a cookie from the mall ... badd :( 
USERNAME it really does ... 😞 and it feels as if there's nothing you can do about it . 😫 
comencé a leer de nuevo cazadores de sombras: ciudad de cenizas ... me siento demasiado mal como para salir :c 
why is everybody on my tl so upset/ sad and in a bad mood ? *gives all of you a hug . :( 
s/o to this kid USERNAME for having the cutest relationshipp and never talking to me anymore 😔 but he's a cutie #followhim 👍 
USERNAME i wish they did soup :( im setting one up now keep you're eyes peeled 
boo , the sushi place is closed .... :( mexican food it is ! 
USERNAME they're wild huh ? lol but at least they're pretty . no , my phone kept messing up . :( 
USERNAME noy gonna make this a sappy sad tweet cuz you dont need that . but we're always here for you , and we know it wasnt your fault :( 
bored af ..... nd duznt wanna go to work #fml 
USERNAME i know :'( it's cause we haven't hung out in awhile </3 
i don't even get hangovers like that , but im definitely feeling it today :( .. 
long countryside drive home from a long day of work , with youtube in my hand .. unmm 😔 👌👍 #relaxing 
just because we don't talk doesn't mean i don't think about you . i'm just trying to distance myself because i know i can't have you . :( 
practice is over ! finally my legs are in such pain :( 
i don't know my left from my right guise :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME got a little over a month left on pretty rd #depressed 
USERNAME my heart goes out to u watching u all upset about your dog :( 
really wana get 2k but i feel like those 65$ could be used for something more important 😔 
USERNAME ohh :( this sucks ! unless , my dad picks you up ! ? 
still cant find my 2k13 :'( ! getting another in 2 weeks . 
now i know how bunnys feel like when they eat :( i have to nibble in my sandwich . #isuck . 
USERNAME i'm not unfortunately :( cause ill be in florida visiting my grandmother for thanksgiving ! 
my sister hella kneed me in the back ... it's so irritating but strangely , that felt really good ... my back has been sore for days </3 
i wish he would do me a favor & stay out of my dreams ! :( 
s/o to USERNAME for being cute and funny af but never talking to me anymore 😔 but #followhim 👍👍 
satur-daze @ work . 📞📞📞 forever . no end . 😭 😭 😭 #workproblems @ burton snowboards hq URL 
i don't want to babysit anymore ! i just wanna cuddle ! 😢 
USERNAME coach gross and word man ill be there too just workin #fml 
nothing is worse than missing what you love so much </3 #cheerlife 
fell asleep after a dawn patrol surf session and woke up too late to go to the USERNAME pizza party . 😢 😩😫 
my daughter is shopping . :( (@ nordstrom w/ 3 others) URL 
have no motivation to work out on a saturday #fml 
USERNAME sorry hear brandon :( we’ve been experimenting with gluten free and dairy free recipes but haven’t perfected them yet 
USERNAME mine was too . $1500 now hahaha fml 😭 😭 
USERNAME and i just need to apply online ? i'm going to look into it . i hate job hunting because i have been with this place for 4 years :( 
“USERNAME playing halo4 >>>> paying attention to me 😔 USERNAME URL hahaha 
USERNAME same here 😞 probably won't start until tonight haha 
USERNAME he wouldn't care ! && ohh 😭 💔 👎 
gas light just came on . i'm too tired to get gas 😔 #firstworldproblems 
i just want to go to the zoo . 😞 
this is exactly why you don't fall asleep when the bowling team is around ! i feel bad for her :( #iloveyou #stayasleep URL 
USERNAME i miss pop warner so much :( i wish i could be with all you guys ! 
USERNAME i know </3 #ditto ;) wish we could hang love <3 #justtoocute to be apart </3 
i seen the cutest guy yesterday but he was like 15 lol 😔 
waiting for a ride not eating the food . :( yuck ! ! ! (@ burger king) URL 
i'm so pissed i couldnt try out for basketball :( 
USERNAME so am i ! i dont think my mom wants me to drive to pitt :( i have gas money .. lol 
it's freezing in la . wha t.t he . heck . 
i miss my babys </3 #davidjr . && #d 'asiah 
last home football game today . </3 kinda makes me sad ! i'm gonna miss goin' to the fball games . 
i wanna cuddle ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
well that was a fail . i guess i'll cry myself to sleep then . 😔 💔 
you know you have sleep to long when the market is already open :( 
totally over this game :( @ ben hill griffin stadium sky box URL 
USERNAME 😭 thank you so much ! i really am trying to hold it together 
USERNAME u always have depressing tweets i always think your dying or something 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME lmfao oh wow . well sorry we didn't say i . :[ 
you totally missed out last night bud ! :( #partyparty 
USERNAME i hope you ! i have to babysit ! :( ((((((( 
i just got back fro the dentist my teeth were hurting so much and after i went to the dentist they hurt even worse :( 
i always get dirty when i eat on the roadd . 😞 
my back is more fucked up now than it ever has been 😞 #help 
so apparently USERNAME wanted to say hi :( ((((( i missed the call for some #longhorn #football 😡 😤 😭 😭 😭 😭 #utproblems URL 
USERNAME kinda sad i want to see you guys in boston like if i can i will go but i can't will do anything USERNAME USERNAME 💔 😔 😥 
another day at work .. another day with mac&cheese .. haha :( one day soon 
when my drunken best friend doesn't remember me when he's sober <<<< #sadtweet 
when you need your bestfriend the most and she isn't there for you . </3 
everyone getting their edm tickets to diff events .. i'm sad that the psychedelic furs are performing on xmas 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME yes ! ! ! hahahhahahaah :{ d this face dude ! ! hahahha 
it's not even 330 yet ? ! this day is draaging 😭 😴 
when you realize your ex has your sweatshirt and you want it back <<< #fuckmylife 
it's sad to know that my grandma is starting to forget people ! :( i didn't want this time of my life to ever come .. 
nossa gente pegando fogo la no centro de sp :( 
talking about tattoos makes me want one even more :( #jealous 
USERNAME its wet snow day here . i wanted to skate :( snowboard time 
USERNAME i'm sure he wouldn't care lol . he's been really bush so i haven't been able to talk to him :( #sadtweet 
i would have you this month but i won't :( 
napping on the court makes me miss junior olympics 😔 
i'm so sick and tired of the wind ! 😣 😁 
USERNAME girl , if you're just figuring that out ... somethin's wrong w our friendship :( 
i wana do something today . i have no friends :( 
i have a gme in 2 hours and my unfolding is still dirty #fml 
USERNAME anytime boo ! & i miss you too .. soo much </3 
i've literally been laying around all day . what a waste of a nice day 😔 
so mad my phone deleted all my take me home songs ! ! ! :'( # USERNAME 
my back pain is fucking horrible right now . 😰 😢 
i always buy a comforter & right after i see new one's come put that i want . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
where is this ass that people claim i got ? if anything , i'm tryna get some ass .. but then again , victoria secret don't hire big booty guhs . 😔 
USERNAME all the bleach is ruining my hair 😞 so i need to go darker😫 
i want to hear my text tone and look and it be someone to make me smile :( 
USERNAME aww . preeti embarrassed . so did the camel release any new music and how come u don't send me music anymore ? :( 
i can only take so much before i reach my breaking point 😞 
USERNAME poor baby ! i bet you're feeling awful 😢 
walked in and out of the apple store in fairview mall ... a 45 minute wait; the staff were so rude that i walked out ! no ipad :( 
USERNAME you totally missed out last night bud ! :( #partyparty 
my phone is dieing and i can't charge it ... :( 
very . fucking . sleepy ! ! ! been in programs all-day today .. just wanna go back to the hotel and sleep ! ! 😔 😖 😖 😖 
and of course the pastor would show passion of the christ the day i wear a lot of makeup 😭 😭 😭 i always cry ! 
#oomf is gay , i knew it , thats why he stopped liking me 😭 
so i'm home alone . bored . love when my family leaves me . 😔 👎 
i hate my basement it reminds me of american horror story :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME .. hey ! no 27 ! ! i was asleep and then went to work . 😞 😩 😥 
he's the boss animal in this house . 😾 💪 😘 URL 
apparently there are great views of from the summit of eagle mountain . not today :-( #eaglemountain URL 
when you see something you want after you've already payed for everything <<< 😔 
bandz a make her dance (explicit ): URL via USERNAME always reminds me of USERNAME (; 
food shopping without my mama :( . day 14 living alone ... love it just miss my mom lol 
i hate when i see someone bein a stuck up bitch w/ someone else :( 
wish i had the balls to post the videos i take on youtube 😔 
wait i wanna see USERNAME in concert #wahh 😭 ❤ 
welp , my saturday didn't turn out as planned ! 😢 all i've done is lay in bed with a tummy ache & headache from hell .👎 #thissucks 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME how's that cat today ? 😨 😿 
the lake is so low now :( but i still love it . #laketravis @ the oasis on lake travis URL 
i'm becoming apprehensive about leaving pacey here for 5 days with nobody to spend time with her . :( 
guyss t.t aku ada pr business harap di bantu hikss USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME come home . :( i can't handle my life by myself anymore . 
i miss you so much baby ... being back in ohio isn't the same without seeing you ))))) ): #dearsherwon 
he specifically told me he doesnt want me to dance with anyone 😐 🍻🍻🍻 #fml 
USERNAME i was for sure i was in . 😔 😔 
USERNAME i was in the car .. didn't see it :( 
USERNAME if only i had something to wear them to 😔 
cj going to ga southern without me 😪 😔 but hope she has fun 😉 👍 
USERNAME noo chongo noo ! ! ! ! 😥 😥 😥 😥 
USERNAME yess ! :( wat are you doing now ? 
USERNAME the time difference will make it difficult for us to play together :( 
USERNAME i don't have it :( i think it's in la haha 
ran outta contacts yesterday . so glasses for the next few days . 😔 👎 
USERNAME me too 😔 . i miss you ! ! ! 💔 
USERNAME yeah i am :( she went back to foco i was gonna stay till tomorrow 
i feel stupid when people ask me if i'm in honors and i say no 😔 lol 
the notebook special addition tomorrow 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
the one thing i would never wish upon my worst enemy , getting out of the shower and realizing you left your #towel in the linen closet #fml 
last week today i had my first whole chicken from nandos . :'( 
USERNAME i know :( lmao freaking alcoholics and shii ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME didn't realize we all left you . 😢 monday night , my dear ! 💙 reunited 
ugh ! ! ! ! ! 😫 😞 😩 😨 😥 
USERNAME just like when he asked for the chase vote ! he should have won that :( 
USERNAME :( no just christmas . why what's up ? 
USERNAME playing in toronto ? it’s been way too long since i’ve seen you play :( 
USERNAME dać ci zdjęcie mojej babci w bluzie drss ? bo niestety nie mam tego z torebką :c 
USERNAME nope - i could call the escort service but this late it would be someone from their c squad 😧 
been shopping since 8 am with my mama . i'm exhausted . i just wanna sleep 😣 
USERNAME last movie tho so sad :( remember when we saw it last year and we were like november 2012 will never fika 
USERNAME omgg it's soo irritating i have noo patience 😣 😠 
that depressing moment when you have to shave your legs before no shave november is over :( 
im starting to get sleepy because i was up so early 😔 
me too ! rt USERNAME wahh i wish julieta was here 😢 
definitely missing cosmos pretty hard today 😭 @ uc davis arboretum URL 
i'm so fucking tired . i want to go home . #fml 
my mom wants to take kevin out to congradulate him and for my sisters birthday ... for my birthday we go to my grandmas ... i don't go out :( ( 
i could give you everything but it would never be good enough 💔 
USERNAME :( we still have a little more time together ! ! ! i love you so much ! 
they're my team but damn the #vols are so frustrating to watch . nothing new for a fan in tennessee though ... 😔 
USERNAME very sad what's going on there :( thank you for stepping in to help those who have been so devastated . 
just found out my grandpa could pass away anytime . :( 
i wish i could go to the game tonight :( #worksucks 
sometimes my mom make me feel like the awful's person in the world :( 
living in california is beautiful and all but i miss ohio and all my friends and family .. 💔 😢 
i love my team now ... but i miss my girls from last year </3 #sadtweet USERNAME USERNAME 
so busy i'm literally gonna punch myself in the face omgg lol can't get anything done 😣 
USERNAME me ! i have nothin to do tonight :( 
i hate being at work on a nice day like this :( 
USERNAME i'd totally be there if i didn't live 7 hours from nashville :( 
just left a killer cardio bag class at street smarts krav maga ! my whole shirt is soaked with sweat :( 
USERNAME i get stuck knee deep in mud carrying a bunch of pipes :'( 
everybody makes , fun of how my north face coat looks on me :( -.- 
USERNAME what is happening to this team ? ! ? ! :-( 
phahahaha same here rt USERNAME movie day by myself 😭 #foreveralone ahaha 
USERNAME yes cuz u didn't come visit me :( #whore 
it's sad thinking i only have one more year of #bcfb to look forward to 😭 ❤ 💛 🏈 💛 ❤ 
USERNAME it's awful . we took a video to show the doctor , and it's soo hard to watch . little kitty legs twitching everywhere . :-( 
wow ... gonna be extremely lonely this weekend while USERNAME is in kentucky :( #sadgirlfriend 
god , i hope we get thru this ... 😒 😒 😔 
USERNAME justin and selena broke up :( so you need to hope on it fast girll 
please tell me that #imovie didn't just crash on me after three hours of work ? :'( (@ living hope christian center) URL 
that being said i want mcdonald's so bad right now omg 😞 🍟 
USERNAME i miss you too monkey ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i'll be back marie & marjorie ... mom busy :( 
USERNAME my momma would cry of a broken heart . 💔 
USERNAME im in charlotte :( lol i love your work 
i really want some maroon shoes , but i'm poor ): 
don't want to work today , or tomorrow , or monday ... fml 😥 
:-( not even enjoying the rest of the time here ... i was about to make the silliest most ignorant decision of my life- 
wanting to get out of the house but not having gas to do so :( 
its snowing in provo and slc already :( (( #reasonsihateflorida 
USERNAME lol more like tebow with jets ! one play a half 😔 
when the 10t stops running <<<<<<< and you really wanna see someone :( 
USERNAME i see i'm not love by u or USERNAME or anyone anymore . 😭 
why doesn't youtube or pandora wanna work on my phone anymore ? ☹ 
mad that i won't be a wearing that fighting farmers jersey on tuesday :( 
USERNAME USERNAME man :( stay at franniee hse or sumthnq 
USERNAME but you brought up kentucky basketball not football so therefore you're a hypocrit 😦 
USERNAME awwe 😢 6 more days for me ! #hehe 
USERNAME omg that happens to me all the time at work 😭 
fuck work , 7 days a week i just got informed :( 
USERNAME yo también ya extraño pero no creo no poder ir en navidad 😔 no me dejaron pedir vacaciones en el trabajo 
USERNAME :( we need mandatory empathy classes in school . 
USERNAME lol i've checked like 5 times to see if it came cause i'm waiting for my case and the mail hasn't come yet ): 
i am hungry and USERNAME isn't answering his damn phone . :( 
selena gomez is single ! ? ! ? not that i have a chance or anything ... 😔 
fml fml why did i creep i forgot all about that and now i remembered 😭 
USERNAME whoaa ! i said babe not bf lol he don't live here no more 😔 
its kinda breaks my heart tht justin and selena broke up :( </3 
didnt leave the house today to be stuck in traffic . that's what my weekdays are for #toronto #robford #dosomethingaboutit #transit #fml 
i’m still sad . fuckk why . i want my macbook 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i miss you too ! you never texted me :( 
i really wish i would have made it to sterling a game last night and wouldn't have wrecked 😔 leave it up to me to mess everything up lol 
boo ! ! ! espn2 u suck ... wanted to watch the wvu game & they blacked it out :( 
não tem sex yeah na setlist do show da marina :( 
it's 2 blocks away but i don't wanna walk 😞 👎 
:'( :'( :'( ..... this is not ok .... day/week/life ruined 
USERNAME USERNAME and to think we were legendary chiliheads ... :( 
why am i a failure at twitter life ? ? need 100 ! ! ! ! ahh ! ! :( :( :( :( :( URL 
USERNAME where you able to add me on the other account cus i still can't view it :'( it privet ! 
i really need to get a charger for my phone 😔 
i'm ruining my coach purse :( but i gotta clean off the wax 
these shoes are impossible to clean . i wanna just cry :( 
so jelena really did break up ? aw how sad :( will surely miss seeing new adorable pictures of them together . 
just promise you won't forget we had it all </3 
i did my part . 😞 it's totally up to you .. 
USERNAME run to the living room man hurry dont wana loose you ! ): 
i got rejected a five minute cuddle session ... 😔 😢 💔 
so in florida we still counting ballots ... so embarrassing ... i hear that we shouldnt go to olympics ... :( (( 
so jealous of everyone that's getting all this nike stuff from the new outlets #takemewithyou 😭 
just cus i feel like like poop & being silly makes me feel kinda better 😔 URL 
USERNAME neither of us got invited on the date today . ): 
USERNAME hey i can't come over . my mom yelled at me . sorry 😭 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😭 have fun tonight ! ! ! i'd better get lots of snap chats 😏 
i always fuck things up ! ! ! ! 😔 
i really miss the enjoyment of photography . it's alway just work now . :( 
punkin and beast are gone :( i always hate giving away kittens ! 
love when i go into work to buy something and they ask me to work until close #fml #yousuck 
USERNAME i miss you too 😭 i haven't seen you in forever ;) 
USERNAME loved blue bloods last night . i'm gonna miss jackie , the show isn't gonna be the same w/out her :( boo 
USERNAME i am not -___- can you guys go sledding with us now that there's snow ! ! > :( 
USERNAME we never hangout anymore . /: you said we'd chill today :( make plans with me . 
#instacollage #cheerlove #cheerfest #escorts #stunts i miss flying 😔 🎀🎀🎀💘💞 @ @ port jervis senior high school URL 
USERNAME i told her ! ! ! pero ella esta contenta lejos de mi :( <<<< 
jealousy is just love and hate at the same time ❤ 💔 
USERNAME dats how u feel *shruggs* i see wat happens to me when i care ! ): 
USERNAME lazy ass didn't wake up to come see me . lol smh </3 
i cry just a little when i think of letting go .🎧 😢 
USERNAME story of my life ! dang , we're both struggling 😔 😒 
more random anxiety and panic attacks for no reason . i hate panic disorder . it's slowly ruining me 😭 😥 🙏 praying i get better . 
USERNAME never been so jealous 😞 6 days though ! ! ! ! 
i hate being so stressed over this . wish i didn't have to deal with it . 😔 
i miss my son 😢 , sucks that his bitchass mom doesnt let me see him 😡 
i was hoping for some hotties to move in to the house behind me , but nope , just a bunch of dudes 😔 
god this is driving me nuts ! ! ! :( 
b/c a broken heart feels like poison butterflies taking their last flutter in the pit of your stomach ., dear ex lover 💔 
i wish i was going ice skating tonight with my friends 😞 #screwwork 
USERNAME you cursed uss . now we really are the same team :( mistakes on mistakes on mistakes 
of course they asked me to stay 2 more hours , and of course i agreed 😞 😒 
bored wishing i could b with her right now ..... :'( 
first real shit at o . g . and i'll spilled water on a quest #fml 
i have to make new friends up here . all my friends are in san jose 😞 
USERNAME i was both cause its not even her fault , like she was an amazing worker 😔 
USERNAME aw cree :( i'll return to you soon ! ! 
USERNAME idk , i've been lookin at a few . but nothing compares to my baby ): idk 
#bikehunt305 USERNAME twitter was down for the last hour :( (@ purdy lounge) URL 
USERNAME wahh this sucks :( i left you a note in case your sleeping ! eat some toast🍞 
when a person is important to you , you will make time to be with them . so disappointing that you don't feel the same way ! 😥 💔 
this is my second empty fortune cookie . 😭 @ pei wei asian diner URL 
- i might have kidney problems 😔 💔 been in pain for a month now 
USERNAME fuck why am i just finding this out 😭 😭 i have to work 
oh yeaa :( thats rite .... so u dnt feel like chillin tonite ? 
USERNAME haha well it'll be nice to see you ! sorry about state though :( 
USERNAME hitlers home from hunting ... brb , i'm gonna go kill myself . 👍 😶 🔫 #fml 
i just woke up everyone else got me beat that's crazy :( 😔 
when hardcore gangsta wannabes use emojicons i'm just like -_____- 😔 
when maddy calls me a cunt licker<<<< 😔 😢 😭 
damn u nu :-( need to blow off some steam (@ life time athletic) URL 
USERNAME yay ! now give my unicorn grandpa > :c 
i've laid down to take a nap an i've been starring at my ceiling for the past two hours ... #fml 
of course my phone break and when i go to the apple store they give me a new 4s ... i want a 5 ! :( 
wha t.t he . fuck . dooley . #goodbyedooley #fuckyou 
it's my last day at the at the USERNAME :( slow day but enjoying some wine and football . let's go state #psu 
USERNAME someone wants to get sock aha ! 😒 😾 👊💢 
USERNAME i gotta stay here to work on my project :( 
it shows andrea's message but when i click it wont let me see :( #tfman 
my moms telling me about how her night went when i'm supposed to be telling her how mine went . lol #ihavenolife :( 
awh poor baby in a sling 😔 #crippled USERNAME URL 
USERNAME i m really worried about him :( this is not o k ugh 
:( thanks 4 nuffin rt USERNAME USERNAME lol yea that tumblr is a bunch of photoshopped asses . it says it on the header of the site 
USERNAME hell yeah -.- but i wanna do something tonight wyd :c ? 
me all the time :( #sadlife rt USERNAME #shortgirlproblems URL 
the kids just asked me why i have to live so far from them :( (@ los angeles international airport (lax)) URL 
USERNAME i was screaming f bombs 💣 while on the phone with my mom ! 😳 😁 😔 i'm more relaxed now ... just a game 😢 
rain #workofthedevil my poor little toesy's are so cold .... :( 
i really hate my life right now ... it sucks ! my mom finally agrees to buy me USERNAME concert tickets (vip) & they're sold out😪 💔 
USERNAME i've wanted my tongue forever , i just have to convince my mom first 😞 
USERNAME i hate the vols so much on game day but i love them during the week #lifeofavol 😔 
i miss grandpas baked beans & sweet yams . 😔 
obama is a leo and michelle is a scorpio .... i feel his pain lol 😔 
i miss you kobi ! ❤ we got two new babies to help us deal with losing you . at least you get to be with mom . love you . 😢 URL 
s/o to USERNAME your side will never be the same :( #bittersweet URL 
you know something i really miss ? morning hikes at griffin park with the sister :( 
we'll miss you ! rt USERNAME it's my last day :( slow day but enjoying some wine and football . let's go state #psu 
the sky is cryin along with our hearts ! </3 its crazy how things like this happen ! #ripcarlos 
hard to accept reality right now . so many emotions . our family will never be the same without you tates , shine down your love . we need it ! 💔 
wish i didnt have to work today . i only work 5 hours .. #fml .. 
someone hangout wif me . :( lol its too nice to not be out ! ! 
USERNAME i don't have a ride :( and it's faar 
getting my wisdom teeth right now cant feel shiit in my mouth and tounge :'( 
i remember that day , it was amazing . "USERNAME did this rele jus happen ? #fml URL 
i'm about to break my dads heart . 💔 🚒🚑👎 
ernesto's gunna have to wait lmfao #metoothough fuhcken morrissey . 🎤🌆 😣 
i really wish i was in t-town ! 😢 😥 😪 
so my sister left and took the lighter with her 💔 
my afro is kinda short now and i dunno how to handle it :( URL 
USERNAME and i didn't even get to see you 😥 
#heartbroken .... jo-beth booksellers @ legacy village is no more :( 
she comes out with to tall cans some condoms and a cigarillo ! ! ! 😧 😕 😐 😑 
wish i could see my boy tonight 😞 😩 😭 
sucks being home alone with no car ): someone come over ! 
USERNAME hi #eric #sleeping :( text us later <3 URL 
sorry for neglecting you 😔 hope my miles made it up to you today 👟💗 URL 
thought somebody texted , but it was just my momma 😞 
i miss getting excited every weekday for hollywood heights . ): 
USERNAME ugh i want to go but i have no friends 😔 
motherfuck the game isn't on tv tonight . #noo 😞 
get what i forgot the other day :( (@ kroger) URL 
USERNAME me too you be back soon ): hurry up need you love you 
i swear if they left without me .. 😁 😔 😒 
wish u could be with my girl USERNAME for her 21st bday tonight :( 
one thinks he's ruler of the world like he has control over me 😔 
when you think your dream was reality but then you wake up<<<< 😔 
all i want to do right now is cry :( i hope my little sister feels better .. rama i am here you baby <3 sophie will be okay . 
this is really f-ed up , #sirleon & #sirelyan r my favorite knights .. i have been waiting4 elyan's dramatic speech this series :( ... #merlin 
USERNAME awh show some love i'm a vegetarian and i'm african :( 
wouldn't mind curling into a ball and staying that way for the rest of the day 😔 #headache 
mfs finna be too upset w . my lul ass , he prolly not gone talk to me :( (( 
holy shit it's gonna be cold tonight 😣 😧 ⛄❄☁ URL 
USERNAME don't use the #rword :-( take the pledge at URL 
it's kansas ..... this should've been a blow out game 😔 
its gonna be an awesome lonely movie night for me :( #movies #meangirls #juno #500daysofsummer # @ traphouse URL 
USERNAME yeah look it up on youtube they have the security camera watching the guy eating the other guys face 😩😫 😭 😰 😱 
i lost over 10lbs since soccer started . i went to the gym and it turns out that 10lbs was all muscle .👎 😞 
USERNAME uuwi ka din ? when ang uwi mo ? pabalik na ako ng jan :( saglit lang kami- di pwede matagal bec of work eh 
i miss you :( let's hangout soon ! we haven't talked in forever . #letschangethat USERNAME 
never felt so sick in my life 😟 😔 this is what i get for not getting my flu shot . 
USERNAME yeah , it’s from florida , but i’ve always had a hard time finding it . :( always on the lookout though ! 
had a great performance ! knee popped though :( i need some icing 
the fuck with skating ! ! ! i'm sticking to guitar ! ! ! #ifell :c 
dragging my feet ion want to go to this god forsaken place 😣 
USERNAME i am , my phone is dead and im not home :( 
USERNAME i bet yo fat ass do lol , i probably won't be up there till 5 :( 
i thought this man was USERNAME dad and i spoke all jolly and he mistook it for flirting now he's flirting with me 😔 😓 
the notebook is such a perfect love story , but so unrealistic 💔 USERNAME 
USERNAME i died too ! i'm actually still crying rn after #sirelyan died ! ! ! ! ! #merlin :( .. 
dad , ur just making me depressed taking me to big dealerships 😔 
USERNAME only watched the first ep :( i've barely been home today , but ill watch one when i get off work tonight ! ! 
why are you only pretty in your instagram pics 😞 
USERNAME ugh i'm like that with the chocolate bars :( 
USERNAME i'd retweet that but your account is private :( 
do me a favor and just go die cause i'm done with your shit </3 you don't just come and take him away from me </3 
not having a 4 day weekend blows , i was getting used to it :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ----you spelled mine wrong :( USERNAME 
and gonna sing my heart out to this ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 URL 
at the hickory spa show . :( this is boring ... im sleepy ! 
USERNAME vj had two extra tickets but we had julian with us too . plus i'm kinda glad we didn't go because i had a huge migraine 😥 
pretty sure my mom was coming for me an hour ago :( haha 
USERNAME USERNAME bahahhahahahahah i'm dying laughing 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i hate the fact that a bunch of his ex's and other girls want him . i feel like i don't stand a chance next to all those pretty girls . 😞 
being strong for those who have lost a child is the hardest thing ... not as hard as being the one that lost the baby . but pretty dang hard ): 
USERNAME where . i don't see it 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME hahahaha it's a all minimum wage ! ! ! :( 
if it was the old me i woulda slid loc but since i'm over it idc no more 😔 
whyy didn't i bring my english handbook to school 😣 
i would have to work on this nice day ! 😭 
don't open any direct message from me ! #spam ! #icantbelieveit #fml 
my gosh i wanna just break down right now ! 😢 
USERNAME i didn't cut you off you cut yourselg off from me twinn :( and i just been workin lately , i have no life i work so much now 
USERNAME USERNAME bottom line vivah failed cuz not many support :( (( 
USERNAME :-( please they look like the great debaters or somethin lol 
dr . frankenstein *wait if punx not dead than what genre did i just bring back 2 life ? * 🎶baroque music fills next room *oh no not again :( * 
last grove i will be at for the year 😢 
USERNAME no :-( see you next time ! ! ! 
USERNAME i'm not o: i just live far . :( 
so not fair that i can't go tonight ! ! ! 😕 😭 😭 😭 
and all my friends are going to the mall and i can't go because i have to read this fucking book 😣 
USERNAME lol or put her in the oven > :( 
USERNAME :'( hi my name is gwen and im addicted to food . 
i'm gonna be so sad when i get done with all the seasons of desperate housewives ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i woke up like an hour ago and my parents are having a family party today . sorry :( 
i just slipped and fell in the middle of the road . if it was nigeria i'd be dead . :( 
USERNAME i know ! it sucks :( i miss my car so much ! 
USERNAME it's okay precious ! ! we never went out to lunch ! 😭 😭 😭 
ugh . there's a beautiful giant boat in there ... :( #seabright #beach #rebuildrecover #hom @ sea bright beach URL 
and ima miss this game cause of work #fml #rolltide #imout 
i miss aaron ): he need to come to the e already 
USERNAME no i work & have a birthday to stay for here :( is it for USERNAME 's bday or something ? ? #outoftheloop 
knowing someone who means the world to you wants to replace you . again . #fml 
at the dentist , never seen dentist with piercings 😧 😮 😬 😯 
crying at the fact i can't goto oshkosh & see USERNAME & USERNAME tonightt :( ( #havefungirls & take a few shots for mee 
finished all my reading in less than an hour . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME can u guys please follow me it will mean a lot if u don't u game me in tears 😥 
USERNAME 😴😴 was soo sleepy 😭 😭 😭 😭 🍦 
USERNAME text me please , for some stupid reason i can find your numberr ! :( wahh . 
“USERNAME i need more closed shoes :( URL me too sister let's go shopping yo' 
my head is killing me :( i can breath out my nose and my body aches . fml fml 
USERNAME never bring that shit to practice ever again i ate like the whole bag :( 
going back :( (@ portland international airport (p dx ) w/ 33 others) URL 
where does the time go ? i remember both of us being in elementary :( 
#np bowl for two . reminds me of USERNAME i miss you soo much dude ! :( 
fuck me i'm drowning in my anatomy notes #hate #exams looks like i'm spending another night in 😭 
i want pizza wings and bread sticks right now but idk my address .. :( #fatkidproblems 
USERNAME ohh noo :( that's suckss , and ahh cancel your card asap ! well go anotherr time but that blows 
when sluts preach born again virgin statuses i'm just like -______- 😔 
every time the #aggies score you score ..... USERNAME :( 
i wonder if my voice is ever going to come back 😔 😥 
not being able to burp causes a lot of stomach aches 😔 😖 
home alone ! i miss my chatty chat girl arie :( 
explaining to my grandma what year it is and how to count the years . :( 
i hate barrett parkway ! late for work cause of all the traffic :( 
USERNAME you can imagine me dying ? ! umm #okay :( 
wish i could go to sd tonight ! ! :( 
its almost 4:00 ... i need to get out this bed and get this shape up and hit dis grocery store #fml 
USERNAME shew no i was shopping in the mall and missed all the excitement 😔 shew i always miss the cool stuff lol ! 
as much as i play basketball at the rec , you'd think i'd be better than i am .. 😔 
USERNAME idt i can today :( (( i gotta eat and then go to the foot ll game . tomorrow ? 
USERNAME aww i'm sorry 😣 we're both going to move on and play great in our next round , k ? ! 👏gotta get our shit together 
:( (rt USERNAME :( rt USERNAME omw back to desoto from unt with the bros USERNAME and USERNAME 
i just wanna cuddle with you ! ! 😖 😩 😣 
why can't i meet someone who won't treat me like a piece of shit 😔 
USERNAME yeah man i know what you mean , i get out of shape fast lol ): 
i wish someone would come help me make my bed .... i can't reach :( looks like i'll be sleeping on my mattress tonight 
USERNAME pray i win the lottery or make some serious money soon . otherwise i don't know if i can go to the #resolutiontour :'( 
USERNAME oh no don't blame me :( i hope you don't get sick ! 
my thumb is never going to be the same :( 
USERNAME poor beb , probly scarred for life and never coming back . purchase construction problems . 😞 
USERNAME yeah i think her dadds heree :( wah i'm boredd wat are u guysdoinn 
i wanna know how i made it up the fleet of stairs last night being as intoxicated as i was 😳 😦 
not that we had an earthquake and i didnt feel it :( 
i had a dream i was with USERNAME at a hallmark store . so sad when i woke up :( 
sadly the lady lancers lost to spring arbor with the score being 1 to 3 :( . 
i deserve soo much better but yet i still stick around 😔 😒 
USERNAME wow , it hasn’t snowed like that here since about 3 years ago . :( 
i wish life had cheat codes that only i had access to . 😔 
USERNAME omg thats literally made me throw up a little in my mouth 😔 😖 😤😫 
very happy that tech won the game ! not happy that our head coach slapped an assistant coach . not good . :-( 
wish i was on the road trip with my friends :( 
looks like i'll be missing #theamazingrace 2 weeks in a row now :( 
just blew out my speakers and amp to my truck wow what a bad day :( 
why does my life suck right now 😩 😥 😭 
practice is over .. now time to get my hair cut :( #scaredaf 
the fact that USERNAME isn't coming to our family dinner <<< 😢 
not being able to eat junk food , soda or order out #sucks 😣 
the fact USERNAME and USERNAME aren't texting me back :( 
USERNAME i know 😔 well be together sooner than later tho 
i only made it 10 days into november before i caved and had to shave #sadtweet 
had a bitching time last night .... i'm paying for it right now . 😔 😔 😔 
i say USERNAME fine all the time , he never reply :( 
i hate saying goodbye to the people i love 😢 
mt USERNAME USERNAME boehner & tell him to let failed bush tax cuts for the rich expire :( 202) 225-0600 #lettaxcutsexpire #obama2012 #p2 
i feel like a loser when people with iphones text me . i can't see their emoji things . :( #teamdroid 
loving orlando man we having a good time ............ but i miss my baby doe cant talk to him till he get off work :( 
USERNAME i've never had vision coverage . imperfect eyes are $$ :( 
USERNAME thanks ce ! it's ok cuz we got the specials and they don't accept the coupons on specials 😞 
i need to see your face , i need to look in your eyes . 💔 
USERNAME all the things she said runnin thru my head ☹ 
i did my hair because i was bored ... and now i have no where to go and it actually looks good #fml 
oh my goodness . i missed the diamond release . these guys might've gone ham on them already :( 
saturday evening live greyhound racing (all time's et ): bluffs run 5:00pm , palm beach 7:00pm , tri state 7:00pm cont . 
USERNAME i’m trying to find something to talk me out of buying the pioneer sc-67. it seems to be best fit based on specs (but not price :( ) 
saturday evening live greyhound racing (all time's et ): naples-ft . myers 7:00pm , sanford-orlando 7:15pm , daytona beach 7:25pm cont . 
just looked at the schedule and thought it said i was done at 5 not 3 #heartattack #wanttogohome 😞 
in 1and a half hours the sun will be gone ): 
i just want to stay home warm in my bed , but i have to go to work and that just sucks 😔 
i'm a freak with the baby monitor . it's on full volume & i run back in the room every time i hear the smallest noise 😞 
USERNAME he'll yes i remember ! ! used sword like a pro front of arthur & said #merlin #sirelyan :( .. 
wishing i had someone to go with me tonight :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME aww . you are literally all by yourself ): 
johnny cash's version of hurt 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
- wow im fuckin pissed .. goodbye bay area & stockton here i come :( ugh i hate u mom -__- 
i can relate to all of the socially awkward penguin memes 😔 
USERNAME nao ta funcionando ): entao se vc quiser entrar no msn me chama gata 
upset i can't do powderpuff 😭 then i remember i'm seeing the who instead 👍 #cantcomplain 💗 ❤ 💗 ❤ 
lol fortunately mine is rite across st . rt USERNAME USERNAME #fml i'm at the barbers right now . took me so long to leave the house 
USERNAME oh fun ! ! ! to bad we aren't there the same time . :( ill be there next weekend to do a store opening . 
i would do anything in the world to move back home 😔 
USERNAME and i am sad :( hope there's no hard feeling between you two 
i really just want to lay in my bed and cry 💔 
USERNAME hahaha yes ! ! ! ! i mean whats next and the coffe shop was closed :( 
can someone update twitter like alot tonight for the game #fml 
i get sad when my family has to go :( i wish i could spend all my time with them .. i love every single person in my family ❤ ❤ ❤ 
getting stitches taken out is the worst :( #ouch #tighteststitchesevva 
ryan is working today :( so i'm ignoring the calories & enjoying brunch with beka (at ihop) — URL 
forgot to check into work today :( (@ amc settlement services) URL 
seeing all these signs for midland and big spring make me woman go visit 😭 #needmoretime #missthem #wonnaseemymidlandpeople #sadday 😭 😖 😔 👎 
my future wife is gonna get tea every morning . no addictions to coffee in this house :{ d but there will be the occasional coffee brew . 
three day weekend ... what can i do .. homework 😱 😭 
why did i ever leave boston ... :( #sangria USERNAME USERNAME URL 
back in the states . :-( (@ charlotte douglas international airport (clt) w/ 58 others) URL 
nobody loves me enough to tell me where to get a cornbeef from :( 
all bad , i almost had a asma attack at work . ! i wanna go home i don't feel good :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you didn't add q :( lol what are y'all doing anyways 
USERNAME honestly , where are you in providence ? i just wanna meet you :'( 
USERNAME damn it you got me so hyped .. 😔 😒 
USERNAME what in the .... no :( i loved that dog </3 
USERNAME literally every tweet you make is a subtweet about me like wow i though we were friends :( 
nothing i want to wear will cover up my massive bruises from indoor soccer . #fml 
USERNAME this is horrible . thank you so much ! burned it and set the alarm off . 😞 my mom is bringing me gatorade and saltines . lol 
USERNAME i would but i haven't bought one in the past 😭 
i wish i was in vegas to see tiësto ! ! ! 😔 
totally missing the aggies kicking tail to be at ikea ! ! :( #marriedlife 
i’m so depressed… so beautiful yet doesn’t turn on . 😭 😭 😭 URL 
“USERNAME you just realized what the actual use of this was ... URL well now i feel stupid 😔 
i'm expecting my next cell phone bill to be around $170.00 :'( 
USERNAME remember when we asked her what her name was lmaoo 😭 😭 😭 😭 
my nose is getting all red and dry cause of these weather fluctuations 😞 🔥👎👃 
the awkward moment when you think your crush is staring at you but is actually staring at the person next to you :c 
USERNAME i miss you too :( we haven't skyped in foreverz ! #cryingontheinside 
that one time where u actually like someone you rejected before ..... 😔 
got my contacts in , but they arent the right prescription so my head hurts x10000 more times now . :( 
i drove past a farm and there was a horse laying on its side not moving .... :( 
cole haan didn't have the right color money clip #sadtweet 
well now i feel really stupid 😔 “USERNAME you just realized what the actual use of this was ... URL 
foolish to believe i would get this essay done before work . im too easily distracted 😔 
USERNAME i'm getting it before i go to work ! also your letter was sent back to me ): so i have to resend it ! #screwthemailsystem 
USERNAME everyone around me just kinda didn't sing selenuurr and laughed . and no he didn't cry ! he looked devastated though :( 
i wish i had a bf to buy him cloth lol and dress him how i like 😔 
USERNAME you hooker ! i been waitind for a call :( ms . ratchet ! . ill be at work . call me at 9 ! 
13 0 ? ! ! #fuckeverybody 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 
USERNAME i read that it is typically made with raw fish . that sounds disgusting . :( (( i am guessing he veganized it for you ? how sweet 
my mom& my nana laughing at my singing and saying 😢 😢 😢 
i told tucker to come cuddle with me and he goes and lays in eric's lap… 😞 😪 😐 
USERNAME i was just trying to be cute 😞 😣 #happenstothebestofus 
USERNAME disney world*** and since tuesday . i go home tomorrow 😔 
when some of the most important people you want your girlfriend to meet are here from out of state , and she can't . that sucks 😞 
USERNAME 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 i might jump off a bridge after that comment 
USERNAME that's really weird because i had a dream a couple weeks ago that you hated me :( 
USERNAME why would you want to fire my dad ? :( 
i left the woods a disappointed girl :( #nodeer #noturkeys #nosquirrels 
i hit my head so hard last night , and i have biggest bump on my head :( 
USERNAME it's only 1400 here lol i'm still at work :( lucky you 
&& i'm single for real this time . like , me && him aren't even getting back together :( </3 
USERNAME omg 😿 what're you guys doing with him ? 
USERNAME no lol i wasn't invited in the first place ! 😔 
USERNAME ouch ! get better stud ! i guess i won't see you at the gym today ? :( 
chillin .. cramps :[ (with kaya at millennium park lofts) — URL 
sick :( ugh . times like these i need my mom . but we all know how that works . ha . oh well . #wannadie 
i feel so untalented because i don't know how to play any instruments ha .... ha ha ... ha :( 
why do i keep getting these headaches ? :( #annoyed 
ugh , im gonna stay home all day :( . 
wtf ? drake is at the moa and i'm at work ! ! nothing is worse than this 😢 
cant believe justin and selena broke up .... #sadtweet #brbcrying #depressedtweet 
i'm turning into my dad . the lady at publix just said , 😞 lol 
USERNAME i'm still trying to find others like maybe in vegas or something 😣 
first i drop my phone then i get cheese all over the screen ! #fml 
she dont like to grocery shop :( at least not now i just wana rest :'( 
i'm reaching a point of being tired of being cussed out , my entire life . never good enough , never good enough to be treated with respect :( 
damn , not even two days with my new license , and i already lost it . ain't that a bitch ! ! ! 😓 😩 😔 😕 
she need to hurry up & start on my hair 😣 😡 😠 😤 
i want them spizikes soo badd ! 😥 😥 😥 😬😬😬 
boardwalk on the street . you can't see the street bc the sand is covering it :( @ the beach at 122nd street URL 
i've been sitting at this panera since 1pm & my macbook is dying and everyone is at the tables with outlets . :( 
USERNAME aww are you alright ? i saw you run out of the bus when we got back to the school 😣 😁 
it's been a long 2 months without him 😢 😩😫 
i have a feeling i'm not gonna get it 😔 
me: i lost a follower when i was sleeping 😔 
guess my day isn't as busy as i thought it would be . 😔 
i'm kinda yeaa idkk my heads all boggled wish it was as easy as i thought :( 
USERNAME awh 😿 💔 he was so cute omg .... 
texted sierra this 2k character message . my thumbs hurt 😭 
USERNAME i miss our hippie sessions ✌with my wantan 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME :c ongrats for all you guys ! ! USERNAME soo happy 4 the 1st hat-trick .: vamos por más URL 
i wanna hang out with some one to night :( 
i wish i didn't care about myself like a lot of other girls so i can wear slutty clothes and not feel bad about it :( 
omg . he is too tired , by the time i talk to him i will be omw to or at work :( 
USERNAME miss you girl :( i'm not even watching the husker game ! not the same without you ! hope you have fun this weekend ! 
im soo sick lol looks like im not going to any party tonight ! 😭 😭 😭 
i miss these girls soo much 😢 😭 😭 😭 URL 
this kid is not gonna text me with all periods right after i tweeted how i hate when people do that 😧 #hesgotballs 
i'm off tonight and no one else is . typical 😔 
have to go to rumson for the first half of school on monday because my aunt is my ride :'( 
that poor kitty , i think i'm gonna cry 😿 💔 
regulating portion sizes has been the key to my weight loss but damn , i wish i could have ate that whole large pizza ... it never gets easy 😭 
i'm such a weird and awkward person . 😕 😔 
USERNAME i miss you . come visit me . :( 
i said the same shit 😞 rt USERNAME florida really win like that ? ? well i reckon a w is a w when it's all said and done 
✨✨i haven't eaten anything all day #frustrated 👎👎👎 😔 😔 😔 ✨✨ 
&& 2 hours later i'm out of work . didn't get to see USERNAME at all today :( 
sorry zipcar :( there were signs everywhere saying will shoot looters . honestly you have to b @ 124th street URL 
my head hurts way too much right now :( #pleasegoaway 
USERNAME stop this is the worst day of my life 😭 💔 😫 
USERNAME aand i'm missing it . thanks work . :( ((((( 
everyone's jizzing themselves over the game and i'm here on the 3rd floor of wehner studying cost recovery for real property 😔 
:( don't be like that , my dad had me doing a million things i forgot 
USERNAME 😧 that's my bf ! ! how dare you ! ! 
i had the worst dream about you last night ... 😢 
college football makes me wish i would have went off to school 😔 
i hate being so excited for something but can't tell anyone :( 
USERNAME you're home ? ! ? ? i'm jealous 😞 wish i was there so we can go eat food and shop ❤ 
paleteros be charging $1.25 & $1.50 for paletas now . what happen to $1 ? :c 
USERNAME i was in 80 degree weather a couple days ago while i was in cali , i miss it :( 
if alabama loses and an sec team doesn't go to the national championship game 😳 😮 😦 
i feel like parts of me die when people unfollow :( jk idgaf 
fuck it , closing all my curtains , shutting the door and watching american horror story reruns all day . 😔 
USERNAME thats so cute c :{ : ~hugs him tighter~ 
of course my pandora station plays your favorite song . of course . 💔 
USERNAME yay ! ' i slept with my door open and lights on last night :( hahaha i watched a scary movie :( 
USERNAME 😢 oh ok i will delete the post sorry was trying to get u tickets i thought u would like 
i really feel like partying ... too bad i have to work tomorrow :( #responsibilitiessuck 
USERNAME stay a while ! i killed my fb :( 
“USERNAME forgot to check into work today :( (@ amc settlement services) URL why are you there ? ! 
USERNAME lmaoo imu yo 😥 😩 stop being a 👻 
seems like i'm always cleaning :( could it be having 3 kids under age 7 ? #momof4 #supermom #whistlwwhileyouwork 
USERNAME i feel so bad , you're like so sad 😥 
poor USERNAME always sick or has a headache . :( 
USERNAME idk im bored and no one wants to hang :( 
USERNAME haha yeah that was too weird , but id say it was a good night ! and i just remembered that i'm getting my wisdom teeth out :( 
USERNAME geez first the age comment and now you laugh at me ? :( 
USERNAME i know i miss you it's been about 18 hours 😭 
pretty sad that USERNAME is done with work when i start 😭 
USERNAME i'm gonna watch it when i can i'm sad and didn't even watch it yet ! :( 
np: i need your love ; by:ace hood f t.t rey songz ; #repeat 
really wanna go to this halo 4 lan party 😞 
back down memory lane 😢 🏡 @ paterson , new jersey URL 
fuck sickles my cars in shop for a week :( 
🙊i'm in such abad mood for no reason ! ! 😣 
USERNAME difference is gibbs # was decades removed from the game and the skins had crummy personnel . sorry :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME aww . i miss middle school . ): 
USERNAME we will b at food truck thursday . :( 
USERNAME yeah , i would do that ... if i were allowed to have a grill :( 
these kids playing in the snow look like they're having so much fun ! i want to join them , but i don't want to look like a pedophile :( 
excuse my language ! i haven't said that word in a long time . 😣 
dudes , lighten your grip a little when you shake a lady's hand . ow . :( 
URL … #emawinlanadelrey URL … #emawinlanadelrey URL … #emawinlanadelrey voten :( 
you haven't even left yet and i miss you 😭 #dontleave 
i fucking love USERNAME but he never tweets me back ... maby he just dosent love me </3 #sosad 
USERNAME i have nothing to say to that .. 😔 
pain pain go away please come back another life time . 😣 😣 
there was just a spider on my leg .... ): help mee . 
seems like i'm always cleaning :( could it be having 3 kids under age 7 ? #momof4 #supermom #whistlewhileyouwork 
missing my boys more than ever right now ! 😭 URL 
how come i didnt know USERNAME was going to be in dc tonight ! ? i so could have been there . :( 
USERNAME hahaha why ? ? ? ? ? 😔 i am too , at school ! lol 
i'm soo bored i wanna hang out with someone :( 
USERNAME i will never open up to you again 😭 
USERNAME i feel like i haven't talked or seen you in foreeveer ! 😱 😔 
my weave is about to fly off ! ! > :( 
USERNAME i know i freakin wanna see you ): i wanna come spend a weekend with you guys in december ! 
my neck , throat , and ears still hurt though ! ! :( 
USERNAME lol you funny #teamsingle 😔 ill tell you about it on tuesday 😒 
my back is literally going to be the death of me 😭 😫 😭 😭 😭 #goodbyeword 
i tried having a serious convo with you & you me , horrible timing :'( 
USERNAME we do not ! ! iss a joke ! 😔 
i guess i didnt put her in twitter jail ... :( lol #nora 
osu gets them to 4th and 13. geno smith loses his helmet and has to come off for a play . the backup comes in and throws a touchdown . #fml 
USERNAME ~ruffles his hair abit~youre so cute c :{ : 
USERNAME lmao i just wanna know where to get one ! ima punch a hole in the wall or attempt too ! 😭 
i'm so happy USERNAME & USERNAME are coming back tonight ! ! ! so lonely without them 😥 
at the houston grand opera with USERNAME falling asleep ): 💤 
USERNAME i have my friends birthday dinner tonightt :c can we go tomorrow ? ? 
you're the only one in my life but you decided to go away from me , tbh i dont know why :'( 
i miss you ... way too much ... USERNAME ... :( 
that moment when you realize your phones gonna die and you still have 3 hours left :( 
omg not even that girl is too gorgeous ! 😭 rt USERNAME omfg this kinda looks like USERNAME URL 
-my aunt overseas has lung cancer & it spread to her bones . sad to know she'll be gone soon & i won't be their for her 😔 love you tia lena 💕 
USERNAME i can't multitask like that :( get it deefoe 
that awkward moment when you finish a tv show series and you don't know what to do with your life anymore . #greysanatomy #friends #bones :( 
i just want to lay down and watch movies all day 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME how could you leave USERNAME behind ? ! ? 😭 😭 😭 💔 
USERNAME kus yur bigg ass sat on my babyy :( did yu not read the sticker ? ”nofatchicscarscrapes” <3 3 
fuck this i need to get on a diet i can't fit half of my shirts :/ shoot me 😥 🔫 
i have called by bestie and she has not answered or called back ! 😭 i am really #feelingsometypeofway 😪 😢 USERNAME 
USERNAME hey , hey , i gotta do my job ! i was picking up laundry , i should have knocked first , but too little too late . aw come on :'( 
omg never mind .... everyone left without me & i didn't even notice 😔 
in the mood to do absolutely nothing . couldnt tell you why .. 😔 
seeing you with someone else makes me want to cry , but as long as you're happy #truth 😢 
USERNAME will we ever get icloud support ? cause that would be amazing . i don't know how many time i've lost my completed games . :( 
my mom is trying to make quesadillas but we have no electricity :( #salvi problems #ktownproblems 
USERNAME ive never been that drunk ever :( i even feel bad for myself . hah 
USERNAME umm ok so i love you . only 7 more months😁 😔 😒 come to lincoln more often ! ! ! 
USERNAME i wish my dog still was tiny . she slept all the time ): 
some of the things i say to you must make me look stupid . 😔 #nervous #justwow #stupidme 
USERNAME seriously ! 😔 what are you doing tonight ? ? ? 😏 
uhh ... this is not good . at all . #fml 
romeo and juliet that says all the way it sad ! ! :-( our families 
: he didnt even say thanks , boyy i tell you son :( 
i don't have the energy to get up ! :( 
USERNAME remember when we were close ? & i'd always call you over the summer before i went to bed ? charlie i miss you so much . ): 
i'm the captain of #teamugly :( rt USERNAME we all ugly . 
i juss wish i wasn't sick :( i feel like shit . 
you push me away yet i keep coming back , one day your going to push so hard i wont come back . </3 
- i stay losing family members to cigarettes 😔 💔 
USERNAME i can't ronnie has my atm card and he isn't home :'( otherwise i would ! ! ! 
can't even lie i really do miss you but everything happens for a reason ( *live *laugh *love* ) :( 
nothing better then not being able to find my cat :( 
gtg back to work soon :( lol oh well atleast its been a good day ! 
i love when teachers randomly make things due in a saturday . #fml #thoughtitwasduemonday #thisisajoke 
why is it so hard for me to paint my nails 😔 
i wanna go on a date 😘 USERNAME will you take me out ? ! 😭 
i found the perfect study spot and then realized i forgot headphone and batteries for my calculator . :( (( #grr 
USERNAME mission: one direction dental hygiene products was a failure . :-( 
😔 every saturday . every . single . saturday . come on . 
lookin sad on them steelies . 😔 #winter #nhproblems #vwvortex #golf #canon60d #lonely @ dtm autowerks URL 
idk how people sit in the library for hours this shit is boring af ! ! ! ugh let me get back to this work ... i'll be in here tomorrow too :-( 
wish i didn't have to leave and go to work ! ! :( 
where is my baby USERNAME i miss him . 😿 
USERNAME amber were gonna have have to do it tommorrow night . we have to cheer 😔 
fabric sculpture . last day this museum is open :( @ museum of craft and folk art URL 
when the ice cream man keeps driving by you while you're running .. <<< 😔 
i seriously cannot stand when people ignore me when there's a problem . i'm tired of worrying about it #dayruined #wherethevodka 😔 👎🍺🍸🍷🍹 
johnny manziel is my age and is beating the top team in the nation on their turf . my self-esteem ! :( why must you make me sad johnny football 
i'm gonna be so depressed if i can't go to that USERNAME concert at the today show 😢 🔫 
USERNAME and why don't you ? 😔 i don't see mine a lot either . my man works a whole loot . 
“USERNAME happy birthday USERNAME 🎉 ❤ 🎈🎁🎶👯🎂 😘 you mean so much to me ! URL sweetest thing ever ! ! ! 😘 😭 love u lil sis ! 
my phones probably gana die before i get off work :( #notok 
on my way back from one of the greatest places ever :( 
the nice chinese lady put six shrimps in my bowl then the girl from the counter took out one . so mean 😣 😖 
USERNAME sorry to hear the day was bad :-( good thing it's over now though . #brightside goodnight ! 
when USERNAME sends pics of dead cows <<< 😭 😓 😪 😥 😰 URL 
really wasn't thinking when i wore my boots without socks last night :( 
the fact that my bestie hasn't talked to me all day 😭 😪 😢 #hurt #betrayed #abandoned #replaced 
USERNAME i envy your guy's car now bc dad is blasting the band enya was in before she went soloo :( ( 
hungry ! n e e d f o o d ! :( 
the worst feeling is being so close to end up with nothing 😔 
good to know we have a good back up qb . only good thing wvu has at this point .👎 😔 🏈 
forever wishing i could afford to buy everything at nike . 😣 
USERNAME *hug* that bites . maybe time to find a more traditional job is earlier than you planned ... :( 
there's nothing healthy to eat here 😭 🍦🍪🍫🍗🍟🍔 @ disney california adventure park URL 
USERNAME omgg .. i totally forgot :( did you go ? 
we got swindled on these bar stools but ... ay , they're kind of trendy 😭 😭 @ orsini apartments ii URL 
USERNAME that's so depressing :( ill get you a bald one hahaha 
USERNAME really ? i'm sorry , my phone was off cus i hadn't paid my bill :( but i wasn't on-campus though . i'm sorry :( 
i would so love to be under some covers right now , lol i'm freezing :( 
wishing i could go to the games tonight . 😔 
wait did chicharito score again today ? i didn't see the game .. :( 
USERNAME don't talk to me anymore . pow . she told me not to go stranger on her , i didn't . she made herself distant . #sadtweet haha 
USERNAME i cant follow you follow limit :( ( but as soon as i can i will ! ! will you still do the shouout ? 
USERNAME nvm im late , ddnt ge t.t o . catch it ,. #21 , #85 , #88 kill ? 
a whole lotta offense . this may be over . so i ask- are we still in for the west ? time to move along 😰 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wahh . i shoulda been there too ! ! :( i miss you guys ! 
come home to find mama grubes bought herself a nexus 7. mad jelly bros . mad jelly :( 
i'm beginning to understand why USERNAME doesn't teach #prepolliwogsucks #fml 
USERNAME you've already separated my ventricles not my atriums too </3 
USERNAME hahaha that's what's up tho ! i want to get a pair for kaylee and zeegan but they didn't make baby sizes for zeegan :( 
it doesn't even feel right eating chickfila without my sissy :( 
USERNAME awhh :( really yeah move back haha so we can hang out ! 
ala ! ! despues de cuanto alfin voy a ver the avengers ... me siento un completo retrasado jaja ._. :c 
debating between an inverted bob or an asymmetrical pixie bob . help ! 😣 
USERNAME gorilla i lost your number ! ): what is it ! 
i have a hopeless crush on someone i have no chance with 😔 
i'm hungry as fuck ! but until i get better ... food as no taste . :( 
where is my boo USERNAME ? ! oh that's right at shitdick for forever :[ 
USERNAME dear god why isn't this phone on verizon ... i'd sell my iphone 5 for one :( 
USERNAME oh it couldn't have been me then because i don't have friends lol :( 
USERNAME i wanna friend you but i know you're anti-xbl gold so i don't think we could even do anything :( 
everyone i love leaves me :( #loljk they have jobs and shit . #bumstatus #playingn64alone 
my phone gotta be broke . nobody has called or text me since this morning :( #sadderday 
our local jo-ann's here sucks . it is the size of a shoebox . i miss the craft store meccas that exist in big cities . :( 
i need a teleporter asap ! i want cracker barrel pancakes and then go to USERNAME acoustic show tonite in tempe $8 ! ! 😢 
omg i can't see him like this 😭 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME i know aldskfla i feel really bad i wish i could help him hes been such an inspiration to me and i hate seeing him sad </3 
USERNAME i kno i haven't ben there in forever bc noone can get a fake . i wanna go with you too 😞 we should go when i get back & when you visit 
kinda upset we killed my whole bottle of fireball last night 😔 
our apartment is finally liveable .. if only USERNAME would move in 😭 😖 #allbymyself 
so i heard USERNAME at the mall of america ... i was just there . wish i coulda seen him . ! #fml 
i miss how long it used to be already :( 
defeated . again . :( dooley .... u suck ! #stillafan #lovemyvols 
- things are going so bad today i cant take it anymore ! ! neto i miss u & u runnin threw ya mind way to much <\3 :( r . i . p 
USERNAME awh . i was hoping to wake up to snow 😭 
breaks my heart to see my granny like this 😢 
i could probably sleep the whole day #exhausted 😔 😴 
i would like my bestfriends thoo USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME but i don't wna get them sick but it would make my day to see them 😔 
i wanna go home & take a nap already ... 😞 😴 
i can't practice because my voice is all raspy . 😔 
the last thing i want to be doing right now is writing a paper 😞 📝 
USERNAME USERNAME no , her dad was punking her ! #sadtweet 
my left ass cheek itches but i'm in public do i can't scratch it :( fml 
two barns fully involved in two days , interesting ... meanwhile i have just arrived at work :( 
USERNAME it’s dad’s ipad , too , since we don’t get the watchespn app and espn2 is showing wvu . :( 
i will come pick that ish up . i contacted everyone that lives around me and nothing ! wah ! ! 😭 😭 😭 
ugh ! ! ! stress ! ! ! :-( i just wanna be happy in my career & make some money ! fuck this shit . ! ! ! ! #fustratedbiologymajor 
USERNAME well it just hits so close to home . i found out not too long ago that one of my aunts was diagnosed with cancer . 😔 
USERNAME me myself and my friend but were here now :( 
USERNAME i don't have your number :( (, but i decided not to go anyways lol #isuck 
i feel like my stomach is gonna explode ! haha 😥 #blackbeardiner #immadie 
and we aren't even home to get our last carter's of the year ! heartbreaking .. USERNAME 😭 💔 🍦 
couldn't ask for back spasms at a worse fuckin time #fml 
getting andy's last tattoo :( (@ short north tattoo) URL 
i have to pee so bad were still like 25 miles out :-( 
you break my heart , vols . 💔 💔 💔 
taking benadryl was a no no but i needed it :( 
not feeling well , where's my mommy to take care of me ? :( 
i want mac and cheese from the box soo bad :( can't wait until i can make it 
USERNAME say i look like a lion in my cougar pride picture :( 
USERNAME did you just come to my house ? ? ? :( 
USERNAME at least they r sec i have to deal with notre dame people :( 
redligjt ticket wtf :( $158.00 wtf it should be $30 or $40 :( crying 
having my own side of the house is fantastic and all , but cleaning it sucks > :( 
i miss my girlfriends ... from middle school ! :( 
no choice but exercise :( (@ boston sports club) URL 
idk why my parents sold the truck . i miss my baby ): 
ate meat for the first time in a month today and my tummy hurts :( minus hickey nuggets , any other meat makes me so sick . 
if your going through hell , keep on going don't slow down ! 😔 💔 
i can't believe i missed last night's ghost adventures ! :'( hope to catch the rerun ! USERNAME 
have to work on power point and my laptop starts messing up . #justgreat . #idontcareanymore 😔 👎 
after watching my son go through it at the dentist i just realized . when it's my turn to go i have no one to hold my hand :-( 
like its really depressing . it was soo beautiful ): 
USERNAME idk he's more of a pothead who chills and plays video games 😭 halo lol 
USERNAME me too :( but i will deff see you over break ! i'll be home the tuesday before thanksgiving 
i feel like if my cat goes outside she might blow away :c #poorkitty 
football weekend , birthday weekend , and thanksgiving weekend , i don't like having all these weekends in a row without USERNAME # </3 
USERNAME you spelled my name wrong :( and i honestly think all boys want is sex 
biggest head ache ever , to bad i have shit to do and can't just go to sleep . #fml 😔 
USERNAME you've ruined it for me 😿 😿 😿 😿 
USERNAME hahaha aw id drink but i'm at work 😔 
so frustrated , idk what to wear tonight , i don't fit :( 
USERNAME that's right .. how it used 2b ... not anymore tho :( times changed #crap ! 
domniks snake just killed this bunny ): it screamed #aww 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME christmas for me too . 😭 😭 
i miss USERNAME soo much on #antm 😢 the show has really gone to shit . USERNAME is no mister jay 
the skies are clearing up and i'm just here like 😭 😭 😭 
baby dad don't do that , yu know i love yu & i show yu anytime i see yu :( 
USERNAME is on fall break and i'm not even there to see him .. <<<< 😕 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME so did i :( love them ! 
it's juss so hard not to talk to you 💔 
i guess i'll just chill out . 😔 and get over my issue . 
USERNAME idk probably not :( kaylee wants to do family pics with matching shoes , jade's would have been perfect :( ( 
couldn't even eat my olive garden lunch today :( #sick 
s/o to my cousin USERNAME that don't love me anymore :( she's coo af tho so go follow her for me 
what ? ? ? ? ? ? ? i'm sorry :( 
watching a 13 year old girl follow her mom around the liquor store on her iphone telling her friend about how stupid her ex boyfriend is 😕 😥 
i dont care who , someone text me and . make me feel better ! :( 
cuddle with and watch football with me on days like these #sadday 
still have about 10 more calc assignments to do ... 😞 #fml 
USERNAME 😔 yup . makes me all mad . then he lets me win on purpose , but i know i suck ! lol 
i wanna go home and nap .. bummed out :( 
20 to 0 .... is this real life 😭 💔 
i feel good . rt USERNAME is this what it feels like to be an auburn fan 😥 😱 
i just got tired looking at my work schedule for the next two weeks . 😣 
USERNAME yeah they are only going to win by 68 ): 
awful guide :-( where's steven ? (@ kilimanjaro safaris w/ 9 others) URL 
why do people love talking shit on social network . then they act so scare in real life ? 😔 stoop ! ! 
i got a phone call telling me my dog died today .... 😪 itll be different when i get back . . . #sadtweet 
bought a new laptop case and phone case ! sad news is they won't be here until i am gone for my trip :( #boo 
everytime i refresh my tl i see something new 😭 
USERNAME i did too . i haven't got mine :( 
what ! ? no more jelena </3 whyy ! ! USERNAME 
that nap was way too short :( i’m so tired . 
just saw the score of the game today and now i wish i was really there #goddamnit #fml #wahh 
USERNAME boo ! you could be blonde with me :( 
USERNAME that's good ! i forgot how old your turned 😳 😞 
what a fun saturday it is again sitting at home like i don't do that shit all fucking week #fml 
aw i h8 white ppl so much > :( ( 
USERNAME USERNAME omg don't rub that on my face lol i bet i was delicious i want one now :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry . :( i have my new phone , if that makes you feel worse . 
15 minutes is never long enough 😭 😭 😭 #dontwannagoback 
can someone tell me why that cough made me lose my ability to sing ? 😥 
daw i h8 white ppl so much > :( ( 
this nutrition #studying is making me feel guilty about eating what i eat :( 
want to go get my acrylics put back on - don't wanna pay . man oh man . i hate being a girl . 😔 
USERNAME oh crap , i just remembered i have to set up and stuff ! ! which will take a little long :( can we do a rain check ? i'm so sorry ! ! 
ahh . i don't want to go out .. i don't even talk to them :( 
at the 🏥with my mommy , she's not feeling to good 😷 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME well i'll be home for thanksgiving but only for 2 days 😣 
USERNAME my mom just came back from there with pictures :( 
eeww wtf i come to wrenthan & i see my fuckin dad ! ! 😣 😡 like dont say shit to me bitch , since u dont wanna take care of me ! 
this guy is like my gpal and he just died wow :( 
the amount of vodka i just had to pour on my moms lawn <<< 😭 😭 😭 👎 
my heart ain't a brain but i think that i still love you . 💔 
USERNAME wow thanks for putting it on twitter . :( 
phil jackson can't help the lakers ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
fair for the last time tonight . wish it'd stay longer then a week . 😭 
USERNAME no ! :( people are dicks when it comes to hiring n shit 
USERNAME i know i am :( , i miss talking to him all the time either way .. 
USERNAME i've had my 3 closest friends move out of state in the last 3 years . including my best friend since we were 4. hang in there . :( 
finally got all this shit moved and now i have to go to work . #fml 
USERNAME i experienced my first apple wheel of death last night :'( #nobueno #promoterproblems #iphone 
i really wish i had something to do tonight :( 
bought loads of food but can't cook any of it because the roomie is having a bridal shower :( 
#1 problem when having bangs: the wind💨 😔 #bangprobz mrs_marv @ c&o trattoria URL 
USERNAME i can't or i really would ! ! 😭 
where is karol ? i need her to buy me a bottle 😢 
USERNAME so yhu no i pose to be with you today :( 
i have to pee so fuckin bad but i don't wanna get up ! #fml 
i wish i was going to see biebs tonight in boston :( 
my hair has its days 😳 .... today is not a good one 😔 
man this weekend sucks , no osu football or browns . terrible sports weekend :( 
i spent too much here at the seattle outlet , i hope i didn't spend my beer money for tonight :( 
when i see couples cup caking , i'm just their like i like food <3 lol #fa </3 
sad part is , there was a time you treated me like i was priceless . now all you talk about is the prices . 😔 
stretching USERNAME with USERNAME USERNAME ray martinez with USERNAME leading the charge #fml 
omg my food was the last to come out . 😔 
my parents finally came home and then left again for the night 😢 #ineedfriends 
hate is a strong word , but you're really pushing me hard , & hate is what i'll eventually have for you 😔 ✌ 
everyday for the past week lor leaves before or as soon as i get home #feelinthelove 💔 
i just want to go home and watch bama get their ass beat but i'm at work 😔 
gave tommie another chance but idk for how long ! :( 
i dont even think i ate today ..... nope i havent :( 
i refuse to listen to one direction and justin bieber because i'm scared i might unconditionally love them 😔 
it's kinda sad nobody will go to the movie with me :( 
ouch my tummy hurts ! :( why must bacon pop when you make it ! my tummy is all burne d: / 
USERNAME USERNAME indeed i just saw . i chose to ignore it . 😔 #disappointed 
USERNAME oh believe me i know ! ! it's the worst ! 😢 
USERNAME haha i wish ! 😔 next time ! ❤ 
so please don't judge me , and i won't judge you ! cause it can get ugly before it gets beautiful </3 .. 
rain in lake geneva=no money at work 😭 #poor #whyme 
i wanna play soccer so bad right now 😳 😔 ⚽ 
USERNAME i was wondering if you got any pics in . boo . :-( 
USERNAME omg im having a hell of a time counting down at work ... being manager is hard :( 
USERNAME lol aawwman that's sad . i hate losing 😭 we some losers . 
fuckk me when i sleep apparently i do it horribly my gages have both come out whilest i was asleep #fuckme #fuckmylife 
i wanna have a bonfire but dillan told me no one would come 😔 #lonerstatus USERNAME 
watching the episode where mark sloan comes to seattle for the first time makes me mourn his death all over again 😢 #mcsteamy 
USERNAME USERNAME yess 😊 except tyler seems to remember the embarrassing shit i do around him 😔 
i'm driving the jeep back ! but its taking forever ! :( 
taking a nap to get rid of this headache 😣 
only half ? ! ? not my half lol :( USERNAME my cousin just said half of milwaukee has seen me naked ... thanks a lot ... 
USERNAME 😔 i'm ready cry everybody say that but deep deep deep deep down i'm not 
stuck at the mall but my uncle won't pick me up :( 
i want my mom to come to my graduation . but i dont see that happening . #sadtweet 
one the road again ..... i don't wana die 😭 
of course i would drop my phone when i don't have a case on it :( now it's ugly 
USERNAME i am being dragged out against my will . had migraine most of the day . relaxed into throbbing headache . :( 
this admissions essay will be the death of me . it must be perfect . 😔 
ferry corsten and markus schulz tonight 😔 can't believe i'm missing it 😞 
USERNAME because i just want to make you sad . :( 
its not so good when you don't get to talk to the person you love ...... :'( 
USERNAME i'm serious ! lol she went to go attack our other dog and got a hold of my arm instead 😞 
i miss my mom and dad . and it's only been a day . 😭 
when your in a relationship all you see is happy single people . but when your single all you see is happy couples .. 😣 
making coffee so i can start my long ! extensive ! math and english homeworks ! #sadtweet #tired #notlookingforward 
freezing my ass off :'( @ zoom town usa @ pir URL 
USERNAME ahh you have one ? 😞 my boyfriend is trying to install his xbox at my house , but i always say no lol 
keep on working my nerves . not the best day so far . 😞 
USERNAME ugh me too ! 😫 mr . feeny was such a cool addition to grey's 😞 
USERNAME never brought me my monkey ... :( i'm sad .. now i have to pay to get one 
oh my goodness , some car started on fire ! :( no wonder . 
i wish i was going to the kelloggs tour tonight </3 
noah is forcing me & USERNAME to watch power rangers ! :( 
rip kasara ! you will be missed by so many ! 😢 ❤ URL 
USERNAME me too rea 😔 i feel like really disrespected 
USERNAME :( i saw that smile you have me today 😏 stop playing girl 
the only time it's even possible for me to feel like this .... is when ur not around :( 
i really wish my school had a tango class 😭 💃 😢 makes me sad . 
USERNAME 😣 😷 i couldn't even process that right now . #barf 
USERNAME yes ! lights are on ! thanks for checking on us ! ! ! keeping the shore people in mind who lost more than power :( 
USERNAME u have to come closer to south ga . can't get off of work to go to mid fl . and dang it sure can't make it to nc . i wish ! :( 
someone want to buy me my iphone 5 because my iphone 4 is crapping out and i got to pay some bills first :( 
i wish somebody would take me hunting 😕 😔 😏 
i've been wanting an ocean water from sonics for the longest ! ! ! ! 😞 
i just cracked my screen even more 😡 😭 😫 
ugh . just found out that #disney #disneyprincess #designerdolls were released in 2011. so mad ! now to try and find these :( 
this phone takes up to much of my time 😔 i hate it 
me (mentally ): she's gonna make a guy with a foot fetish very happy one day . 
if USERNAME doesn't come over ill have to get ready by myself :c 
USERNAME damm right i did , i miss you :'( does jojo live there with you guys ? 
starving , i just want real food in muh lyfe 😭 🍴🍕🍔🍗 
why are all my teams losing this weekend ? # 😞 
i wish my hair didn't take so long to blowdry 😞 
haven't talked to tyler all day .. 😔 wtff lol 
left my entire box of left overs at applebee's 😔 
the ☀ is way to fucking bright . 😾 URL 
USERNAME i didn't get min #dos yet so i can't sing along . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i didn't know ! ! :( i'm sorry best frien d: / 
USERNAME USERNAME oh no im really sorry to hear about that :( 
ok , it took me 4 days to tweet after the election . i wonder how long i will need after the 48 wins the championship . 😞 
i feel like i wear subway clothes more than my own 😢 
hopefully my bestfriend isn't to upset to come on our dinner date :( USERNAME i love you ash ! ! 
haven't ate all day ! i'm going to die ! 😭 😤 #working 
my boyfriend won’t give me permission to do porn . 😔 
USERNAME i miss youu too :( (((( i texted yiu and yiu didnt answer :/ 
i really really really want to wear my new dress :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know :( . christmas it's going down ! 😊 🎉🎉🎊🎅🎅🎁 
i wish so many other girls didn't like youu 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME thk u2 for makin my grocery shopping entertaining , even tho i walked out w/$200 less in my bank account ): 
i really dont wanna be home today . but the amount of studying & homework that needs to be done leaves me with no choice . :( #collegelife 
come on USERNAME shouldn't have gone into ot ! ! 😞 🏈🍊 
USERNAME omg :-( why would u do such a thing ? ! ? nah i understand , don't miss it too much when it's gone 
people always say & my eyebrows are just really high so they're always up 😞 
and go party with USERNAME :( ( i miss her #worktomuch :( ( 
he has a better social life than me 😢 URL 
anything goat is gross- goat meat , goat cheese eww . they put goat cheese in my burrito :( 
no i'm just starving 😭 when i take these pills i'll be trippy doe 
USERNAME USERNAME i can stop but i don’t want to . i can’t believe you think i care :( 
that sinking feeling you get when the guy you like is dating someone , and you just wanna be her </3 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME the account isn't even real ! ! ! :( 
the hardest part about coming home from college is seeing how much older all your pets look :( 
the castle cat ! it doesn't like pictures 😔 @ castello di amorosa URL 
USERNAME i would retweet you but you're not retweetable ! ): 
not the saturday i was expecting 👎 😔 but i'm making a drastic change to my hair tomorrow 💇 
USERNAME she has a son an lives so far ... :( but i agree she needa come out more 
i hate being so tired but not being able to fall asleep :( the pain ! 
the hawkeyes break my heart ... the cowboys break my heart ... sigh . 😥 🏈 💔 
now that i'm disenchanted with college football i can't wait for hockey… oh yeah :( 
work on saturday night yes .... social life 0 😔 😭 😭 
dance rehearsal - 1st time dancing since i hurt my knee and ankle . it's hurting a little ... :-( URL 
pain go away .. i hate feeling like this :( 
i've always wanted to slow dance with someone . >.< :( ( 
i want to see USERNAME & USERNAME so fucking bad ! 💔 #dying 
my family left me & went to the fall festival )))) ): assholes 
USERNAME yes ! everything is like 99 cents ! 😔 
i'm so scared it better look good 😒 😡 😭 
i need to stop waking up so late . just wasted my day . 😞 
i'm sleepy . actually no , i'm just still a bit hungover . and i have work at 5 while my family is going to have fun at the family party . ) ): 
i haven’t talk to you ! rt USERNAME USERNAME why ? :( 
USERNAME i'm sowwy :( i will text u more ! 
wiillssoon 😭 i'm watching cast away and this part always makes me cry 
USERNAME oh no ! your mom is gonna be a basket case ! 😢 😢 
USERNAME i swear ! lol it was after the game but you ignored me :( ( 
:( ( probably on our p . a . day . which isn't until forever . :s i miss you too <3 like crazy . 
i hate when i miss tweets about me :( . oh well atleast i seem em . thankyou search option , thanks for me having a unique name 
USERNAME has got me rolling . he is so sad because is xbox tray won't open :( 
you know what sucks ? .. everything . 😞 😔 
USERNAME mm yeah that would be awsome .... but i dont :( sorry 
im muting anybody talking about the mmg concert lol .... i wanna go soo damn bad 😭 😓 😢 
i can't believe how dark it is and it's not even 5 yet :( ((((( URL 
USERNAME this makes me sad . our next milestone will be 50 ! :'( 
since i'm a writer , i always get writer's block . ugh . i'll end up nowhere . #fml 
momentos dificiles como estos es cuando mas te necesito :( 
USERNAME ok i’d be interested in hearing about it on fb etc is love to come to the other one , prob unlikely :( 
USERNAME wow ! my parents are even paying for a hotel room :( 
i am trying to sleep .. do you mind .. 😾 #catdracula #cats #kitty #kitties #alien #aliens #area @ coto fortress URL 
USERNAME oh no ! 💔 wait how much was it ? ? i know its alot 
i hate when i feel like my friend is leaving me behind , & there's nothing i can do to save her . :( #sad #friends #hurt 
everyone's talking about eating mighty right now :( #fml #wantmighty 
2 more minutes and my break will be over ): 
USERNAME i can't answer for some reason ... idk why :-( 
i've tried everything to make this head ache go away and nothing is working ! ! 😩 #helpme 😨 😢 
USERNAME i miss u more than my heart can explain my best friend :'( 
i was reading a book , and got bored , so i took a break to wash the dishes , which were bothering me . help , i think i'm catching maturity . :( 
tired and don't want to clean my room .. 😞 and also #teamnotexts 
my house is too noisy 😒 😣 😠 😡 😤 
omw to my aunts house i thought to myself i can't wait to see my uncle eugene then i remembered he won't be there r . i . p uncle gene :'( 
USERNAME ugh i have to study like crazy that weekend :( oh well ... christmas break date for sure ! ! 
USERNAME dont tag it 😕 😩 😭 😢 😨 😰 😥 😞 😔 #please 
damn . i thought i was getting another cavity in my top front teeth . & i started crying . 😣 
USERNAME i know i almost cried ! dave didn't know what to deal w me while i was yelling at the tv ! 👿 😡 😫😤 💔 #footballprobs 
i have the absolute worst luck with cars .. 😢 🚙 
george just died on grey's anatomy and i am officially heartbroken . 💔 😩 
now they're talking about the sugar bowl on sports center and i am seriously crying 😭 😭 😭 😭 
ill admit i'm a pussy when it comes to missing my family :/ 😿 
pissed im working and not seeing the bucks play the celtics tonight . oh well 😔 
my fav quote from working with 3-5 year olds today ... (adult ): 
i wish i had someone to skate with . :( 
love it when USERNAME doesn't text me back 😭 😥 😰 
guess what ? i'm freezing my tits off . thanks for taking me here right after basketball while all sweaty and when wearing this mom 😦 ✌👏bravo . 
USERNAME true . and sadly it's often my best tweets that this happens too . 😞 
fuck USERNAME right now . i waannt to get away too 😭 
really wish i could of been in the woods today #sadtweet 
do any of my jonas sisters feel like cheering me up ? :'( 
USERNAME i really need to now that i saw that 😣 
what ever happened to just being a bum on saturdays ? ? ? ? :( 
and i guess is cool to be sad for a little while . 😞 . *sucks it up* 😊 
USERNAME no , i'm being a bum this season :( 
USERNAME looks nasty here to and i gonna be by myself :-( 
i always wake up so pissed when i take a nap .. i hate having to wake up > :( 
i really wish i was in fort peirce today for the navy seal muster #depressing #only2000milesaway 
just practically begged USERNAME to cuddle with me and she refused eff u 2 :( ( 
i hate that mail doesn't come on sundays . 😞 
i wanna go to this game so bad ! #wahh :( 
who pays with checks these days ? at stores 😞 
USERNAME lmfaoo i hate you ! but i miss you at the same time 😔 
wahh gotta wait until 10 to drink with my love :'( 
USERNAME i'm in class i can't pick the phone 😔 
i'm supposed to be writing this paper but i'm watching tv instead 😞 i'm ashamed ! 
USERNAME estoy o no estoy ? ? ? hahaha fer :'( encerio te extraño .. :'( nunka aviamos pasado tanto tiempo separadas :'( 
correction: *not going to stop complaining about how much i miss my friends until i see them USERNAME (my only friend) ✊ 😔 #thestruggle 
will someone come pick me up and take me to the mall #please 😞 
i was there yesterday ! i would of seen you if i went today ! 😔 
going to work & dealing with these crazy canadians 👎 😭 . 
i been networking all day ! oo wee i'm pooped ..... && still have homework ! :( ugh 
USERNAME sorry :( but tom did not warn me about this >.< i'm gonna overdose watch -.- lol 
i want to throw up after seeing that 😣 😠 
USERNAME ele chorou no show de ontem qndo cantou be alright :( (( sdv 
USERNAME USERNAME i live in the u . s . but i wanna see :( i aren't the us version though i passed out almost 
noo , i lost my 7,000+ followers :( back down to 6 ... #helpmeout 
if someone bought me this i'd marry you . guy or girl . i want so bad ! :( (( URL size large URL 
USERNAME well as lon as peds doesn't screw me over ! it's brutal ! ! ! 😫😩 😔 
new advancements in #bipolar #depression , #schizophrenia and #mdd live from the us psych congress now in san diego 
just saw commercial for USERNAME bad25 during osu cowboys-wv game . :'( 
USERNAME i feel bad cuz kayla is duh shit and i forgot about chilln friday 😔 
i miss jamie already . i wish she didn't have to leave :( 
shopping for myself was a major fail ... ended up buying skyler a shitload of clothes ... lol im back to being broke now :( its ok love my bby 
USERNAME it puts me to sleep 😔 😔 😔 lol 
USERNAME i'm actually sad 😥 an we didn't get a picture together you were my first friend on the first day ! ! 
USERNAME i just had tumbleweed with the cheer girls . :( 
i just want to be 17 so i can get into r movies hahaha #childproblems 😭 😭 
i've had the same headache for the past 4 days :( 
so upset . can't believe i missed USERNAME & USERNAME in spokane last week . :( 
being tired , but not being able to sleep < 😔 
USERNAME you just reminded me that i need to start saving up for it 😔 #brokeproblems 
having to turn my phone off .... -.- screw you low battery :( #11percent 
USERNAME it's been way too long .. haven't seen you guys since summer 😔 
i know people say they're here for me , and that i'm not annoying to them yet when i'm sad i never end up texting them 😔 i do feel annoying . 
can this dilf in his black lamborghini spydee at the mall marry me ? 😧 💰 
dre said he'll come visit me and he never did :'( #alexis 
USERNAME i gave you plenty of time to call off lol i hope you're looking at the pics and acting like :( 
USERNAME have fun , & i miss you bisshh :( 
USERNAME still so sad you never got my letter ! ! 😭 #comebacktoboston #beatlestriviarematch #rockednirvanatriv still owe me a follow 😉 💙 💗 ❤ 💚 
USERNAME ah okay haha morning nah my gosh . wala pa ko gi duka intwn :( 
so my dad sold his 300 so now he's driving mine . his other car is getting some work done and now my clutch burns out 😑 #fml 
USERNAME lol the thing is i don't even know what i got in there to know what was stolen ! ! :( #ohwell #karmasabitch 
i'm already stressed i don't need another pound of stress ball on top of me :( 
sick wtf i hate the cold wish my daddy was here 2 take care of me but its all smiles cuz he comes home before my due date i miss my babe :-( 
USERNAME yeah i didn't provably have service :( hows nevada ? 
USERNAME sorry ! ! hahaha noo i don't like taylor 😔 why is he doing this to us ! ! 😣 hahaha . 
USERNAME no . ): i didn't see you either , just yo mama . c; 
USERNAME USERNAME i didn't or or i don't . i went straight to the building outside when i got here . :( 
whoever gave me the kidney shot during my indoor game ... fuck youu #foreverinpain 😔 
come of these people are checking drunk ... i guess they didn't want to wait for the party to arrive #why #ihavetodealwithyou #fml 
this loner phone is so wack ... i want my phone :( 
please ! that hoodie . i'll give you all of my show hoodies for it . 😭 😭 😭 😭 #obsessed 
USERNAME hey no i'm staying home and studying for my midterm 😞 
wish he would notice and l0ve me forever ! </3 he's so perfect why'd he be with me ? 
i really like university of cumberlands but its soo far away ): 
someone buy me a puppy for christmas , i'll love you forever 😢 
i hate doctors , i hate hospitals and i hate being this sick 😞 #fuckthis 
USERNAME everyone i know keeps picking on me including my brothers and a ton of people are talking crap about the jonas brothers :( 
idk what im going to do abt my hair :( it sweated out from the party last nite lol 
my dad is making me get rid of leo . i think i might just die :'( 
by popular deman d: the turk , his beans , and me (with recipe ): URL USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME hahaa i know exactly what you mean ! :( ( hhaha 
USERNAME oh no ! 😞 i hope you feel better soon ! 
it doesn't matter how many times i try nothing ever gets better it gets worse #fml 
USERNAME wtf . i dont wanna go alone .. wahh :( 
it's torture looking at my ipad everyday , knowing i can't have it until christmas ): 
today is a perfect day to fly a kite 😊 .... too bad i don't have one 😢 
i got soap in my eye , now my contact is fuzzy . #fml 
#gladiwent " a blast w out me :( ( i woke up soo late .. 
refreshing my interactions/mentions like every second to see nothing . 😔 #sadtweet 
the time i take the train instead of the bus ... and the bus is faster . #fml #twohoursbehindq 
USERNAME aww such a sweetheart i wish my mommy was still living 😥 
i want to go to the mall , and buy those yoga pants . :( 
USERNAME i gave up on waiting . four hours ! last year i just walked right in . :( 
bill millers is so good ! but it swats gives me gas . 🚶💨 😔 
damn i would miss work today , i could've been making money :( 
pit stop ... car overheating . :( (@ mobil) URL 
no one wants to go see peachtree ridge hs alice in wonderland with me :( 
can't even sleep without my stupid dogs barking :[ ] 
USERNAME well i have to say pretty disappointed to learn that you twitter got hacked and that i really didn't get a dm from you :( #fail 
USERNAME i live on the edge of the city #easyineasyout #noexcuse :( 
USERNAME hahaha i don't 😳 hahaha yea i know but i just get so eehh 😣 hahahaha 
USERNAME you should . its a very small list . very fucking small . thats if they even play it this week ! it wasn'ylt on last week again :( 
USERNAME bitch i thought we were goin to dinner :( #iwanna 
some people's lives are so entertaining .. and clearly , mine is not 😔 
USERNAME aiinoo ..... veni a mi casa por mentras me kitan el castigo :'( te kieo ver ..... </3 
USERNAME iwont  , saraa i wish you could come over :( 
discovering burn marks & bite marks on my body #thefuck 😧 crazy night 
guys i go to primary children's hospital this week ... finally . #nervous 😔 
i need to just write my feelings down . ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i love y'all 😭 😘 
USERNAME my car was broken into and they tried to steal it so now it's not turning on and i have to get it towed :( 
em yêu ơi tôi yêu em rất nhiều :( ( 
USERNAME awh miss you more ! i go in at seven 😔 
USERNAME i was going to tell your name , but you were too far . ): 
USERNAME what ! man i wish i was there . u r so lucky 2 b a successful women :{ ) 
i choose you . i always choose you . and i don't know when you're gonna believe it and stop making me prove it . 💔 
jocelyn&me are sitting in the kitchen in complete drak , listening to swift . && no one is talking we are not even singing . #sadday 
really wanted to see USERNAME in concert today ): #sadtweet 
USERNAME with my imagery vehicle ? ! #facepalm i hate my life . :( i just want to see ya and meet baby car ! 
i really wish i would have went to suny canton . 😔 
i don't fuck w/ those leaf trucks man . them bitches scare tf outta me 😔 
i will be disappointed if a&m doesn't beat bama ... 😧 
the fact that i can't go to jennas party because i have to babysit . <<<<<< #sorryjen :( 
that fml moment when you finish your last beer ... <<< 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😔 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME pues ... triste , por justin ... :c , ¿te apetece tener wilden sex ? jajajaja , ok no ._. 
im still crying about USERNAME rap towards me :( ( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME finee all i meant was i saw the marascos and i was tipsy enough to tweet that at the time 😣 
ria , raquel , & i are spending the day all over #cenfl . it's pure bliss ! (walt disney world ): URL URL 
i miss our USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME and fliz sleepovers ): 
USERNAME shawty you see me in new orleans lol .... €£¥®© :-( 
how could the one i was so true to jus tell me lies ? how could the one i gave my ❤ to go and break this 💔 of mine ? 
moments like this , i need a car . :( 
i wanna go out to dinner or get chinese food but that probably won't happen 😔 
USERNAME text me if you need to . don't cry :( 
i don't care what anyone says hitting your acrylic on something is by far the worst feeling ever #ouchh #inpainforever 😿 
i can't believe USERNAME was in lex last night and i had to miss it ! > :( 
i not now how to tweet ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME if u see this plz refollow USERNAME she lost your follow thanks to hackers . it's a shame ppl take away others happiness :( 
today kind of really sucks as of right now 😔 
we broke up four months ago today and i still wake up everyday with you being the first thing on my mind . #iloveyou </3 
USERNAME USERNAME heck i wd like to just be able to screen capture my android . not even talented enuff 4 that let alone tumblr :-( 
USERNAME can't :( i can't do anything or be with anyone :( #sad #sucks 
they could have visited me yesterday , but no </3 3333333 
not being able to give the one you love everything she wants :( #feelterrible #idontknowwhattodo 
& i'll make myself remember , everything happens for a reason . </3 
i love staying in my living room .... just kidding .. it's freezing here . 😔 
me and alexis are gonna die like in prom ) ): 
rt if you would date me (i'm bored af') </3 ... -sighs- 
drinking wine all by my lonesome watching king kong ! ! ! ! what an eventful saturday night ! ! #imlame #fml #missmyboyfriend 
USERNAME oh .... :( someone said it was ! ! :( 
USERNAME i see you boo . i fucked mines up . :( 
and now the good feelings gone . yay for crashing :( 
USERNAME haha if it was some bitch i didn't care about hell ya i would ! but i'll just ruin everything for myself 😔 💔 
USERNAME oh :( okay i'll do my best . i'm off on monday 
too afraid to eat anything because itll come back up ): #flu #tummyprobbs 
USERNAME if u c this plz refollow USERNAME she lost ur follow due to hackers . why ppl take away others happiness is beyond me :( 
USERNAME bring me back my damn USERNAME ! ! ! ! 😢 
USERNAME i heard that you can only see it in l . a ... living in oregon really is a pain in the ass :( 
in the mood for hookah but i don't know if i want to smoke it again 😞 
USERNAME i miss you silly ..... :* ;* ☹ ♥ 
my finger nails hurt now :( #glitternailpolish is a bitch to take off ... #neveragain 
USERNAME USERNAME you should've hit us up earlier we on the highway ! :( 
USERNAME i'm having the worst day ever please tweet anything :( 
😾 USERNAME give up baby ! 🗿 it's over for y'all ! #hailtexasa &m 
USERNAME USERNAME ya les llego .. ! ! ! :-( 
USERNAME i'm on my way out of town and can't watch the game ! 😞 can you keep me updated ? ! #pleease ! 
ever since that girls hit me in the nose iv had a headache 😞 #3daysago 
hey y'all , im in love with USERNAME and i wish he would cheer up because when he's sad , i'm sad too . :( #loveyougerm #headup 
USERNAME love you most ! ! ! the fact that i don't get to see you until later tonight is depressing :( 
carley told me i had to stop . 😔 #damn 
USERNAME crap ! i wanna come over i am so bored . :( 
at chikfila .... every time i come here i think of the poor bitta townsley girl . </3 
USERNAME i'm put of town on vacation for the weekend ! sad i missed you ! ! 😔 
USERNAME yeah i wish though :( he's kicking me out . 
this a new life up in my stomach .... i ain't budging , i’ll do this by my muthafucking self ! 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME ugh ... but i need to see my ryan :( 
soo confused ! ! ! do i go to the hospital and see my grandfather at his worst , or just remember him as he was before> ? ? :( 
i wish guys could get cramps once a month like us girls ! #hurtingsobad #efftonight 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME my dad won't let me watch the marathon . 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
i dunno i'm still crying but you can try stuff i dunno :( 
so sad no mcs show tonight :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME totes dissed me and i don't know why :( 
cool , the quiznos in the mall closed down . #pissed #nohoneybaconclub #forme 💔 
USERNAME : :c ough cough:: former giant , ahem . : :c ough cough:: 
i thought wat we had was forever ,, i can't understand 😔 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME if the hortons wouldn't have gone today we could go monday , but you went today ): 
USERNAME sorry i didn't get them til really late :( 
. USERNAME disappointed . was planning on using you tonite for the 1st time . and it’s saying my card is defective . scrambling for ride . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i miss us 😭 😭 😭 
i want to be at the game ... not at work :( 
i love you ! ! ! ! 😢 😢 😢 ❤ ❤ ❤ 
USERNAME can’t afford lobster for 6 on the tech monkey salary :( 
USERNAME they said they were stuck in the ditch for an hour :( #soft 
had a dream i was back in albany :( <<<< i miss the bay ! 
my gm who has worked with me for 2 years is leaving the bones for good in 5 minutes . im gonna cry like a babyy 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME lol come to think of it , USERNAME isn't following me either . :'( 
i didn't have control over what had happened yesterday it wasn't like a choice ? #sadtweett #justwannaseefriends &theboyy :( 
USERNAME me too ! ! ! him and selena broke up :'( imma go cry in a corner ! ! 
whenever i send USERNAME a snapchat it doesn't work 😢 
we got snow today but its not sticking :( #snow #denver #winter @ thornton , colorado URL 
USERNAME i would gabi if it wasn't for this hw))) ): 
can't find my black soffee shorts i need for tomorrow .... #awesome #fml 
i have never been this sick before . :( #ugh 
who locks their keys in their truck ? ? oh yeah , this guy 😥 ugh #stupid #stupid #stupid #stranded #irresponsible #shootme 
mom:i tried getting you 1d tickets but they were sold out v.v 
USERNAME the way it's going right now i will not see the bed tonight , lol . #fml 
there is nothing to do . i guess i'll take a shower and then play ps3 all night . funny how things turn out . 😞 
USERNAME but i was just joking with you :( hmph 
watching law abiding citizen <3 . ! #this sht so sadd . :( ugh . im killin ah bitch fa my #family . fto <3 
thanks to hu hot , i missed my first cheer competition of the season , and my trip to omaha to see USERNAME and USERNAME 😭 #foodpoisoning 
it's sad that the one guy i completely opened up to is no longer in my life #depressing 
USERNAME i knoww ! i'm gonna hate it 😔 💔 
USERNAME damn i should've went to my sisters competition today ... #wouldofsawyou 😢 
USERNAME ikr & i gotta get some money & get to her house :( so idk 
USERNAME 4pm . no tables #niceoutside #fml #broke USERNAME USERNAME 
i just want to feel appreciated for the things i do 😔 
USERNAME i knoww how u feel im supposed to go to the mall & im ready & shit but now :'( she change her plans 
USERNAME don't clap at me , you broke my heart </3 
USERNAME those were actually tears . 😭 love can be painful . 
someone come cuddle and take care of me . i ate too much pizza 😔 
omg ! ! USERNAME it's 100x colder at disneyland today than it was yesterday ! 😭 
good luck tonight USERNAME sorry i couldn't be there :( love youu #beatnotredame 
ugh now she gonna have an attitude the whole afternoon .. #fml 
when you go to make a wish on a dandelion and end up inhaling the whole flower <<< #fml 
USERNAME that's a no . i know girl code . 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME haven't ben showered yet .. just took off my jersey and realized i'll never be wearing it again .. 😭 
USERNAME i do ... 😔 because momma says i'm special 😁 
heading home :( #sadtweet #fusion12 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
rt USERNAME my brain hurts ): <-- finally learning on how to use it ? ? lol 
USERNAME miss you 😢 can you hangout tonight ? ! 
every little thing reminds me of him ! :( #sadtweet #misshim 
aww thanks ! ! rt USERNAME for those who need it - URL #depression #postnataldepression 
i need to stop thinking so much . it really messes up my feelings 😔 
courting down the hours when you get ready to perform at td garden , so upset i can't go </3 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i want to stay and try on clothes but my rides here :( 
i don’t have any girlfriends 😪 😥 😩😫😩 😭 😢 
that last td was bs ! ! ! he was not in there ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i have to catch up but schools preventing that :( . i missed the last 4 
USERNAME i probably should have u take it considering i need an a orb so i can pass the class but u don't have the book :( 
USERNAME idk , like i put it down . then i forgot to pick it up :'( 
monday's an absolutely massive day though .... futurestars auditions and road test 😭 😭 
well .. guess its time for me to start studying for my chem test for the next 9 hours .. #hml #turningoffmyphone 😔 📚📚📖🔬 
i tried making cookies ! didn't turn out s well ... :( 
this song is telling me to go to hell 😥 
i look like such a loser eating by myself . :( fml 
USERNAME wish you could be here friend :-( but it's going down tonight ! #reallikethischic 
shit i think i give away my pin number in my dream last night :( 
i feel so bad for my puggy , cant even open her eye 😢 😢 
my job is seriously the worst . i miss sweets n eats ! 😭 🍦 
gettin a little homesick this weekend ... i want my bestiess 😥 💗 
grr why do i always gain weight so fast in my legs and hips ? ! ? :( 
looks like my worst nightmare is coming true .. 😢 
just went to iga and USERNAME wasn't there . :( 
i just want to bawl my eyes out at work , 9 pm can't come any sooner 😔 😪 
i'm salty i can't party tonight 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 
with everything that is going on in my life i don't understand why my siblings treat me like shit #sadtweet #overit 
USERNAME she is sad . be with her and support her . its hard . ): 
USERNAME shop till you drop . i shopped 9 hours yesterday for dresses . found 3. i will be watching tonigh t.t hanks lisa . 
i remember way back in the day when i could where shorts like this everyday ! 😒 😔 
USERNAME .… i see how this friendship works 😑 💔 
i wish my mother would of never dropped me on my head as a child 😔 
USERNAME oh no ! on a saturday night ? dang :( 
i still don't get this trend of sticking you tongue out when the camera flashes .... i think it's supposed to be cool ... i will never know :( 
USERNAME gah ill text you later when i start pregaming ! i better see you or ill be really sad 😔 
i miss my baby sis . i called her but she wouldn't talk 😞 
i keep on thinking i'm gonna go back home but then i remember :( 
i just got here and i already wanna go home :( #worksucks #sloowday #missingmyhunny # 
i didnt even think it threw . i don't know what ima do with my son/dog when i get my apartment :( 
it disgusts me how you can treat her like that 😔 
USERNAME aww we just left ! i totally would've too . sowwy :( 
USERNAME do u want me to comee overr or what i have no ride thoo :( my mom left 
USERNAME USERNAME it's all good but i need your guys money first tonight i lost all my money :( 
with everything that i'm going through right now i don't understand why my siblings treat me like shit #sadtweet #overit 
USERNAME yeah i wish i could get anything i wanted :( 
burn ! rt USERNAME USERNAME no i have the cloud turned off :-( 
USERNAME wasn't hoping you guys were gonna be there :( not in a bad way though 
USERNAME you da bes t.t hanks for letting me vent , my 20 cent raise and telling me to go to younkers #bestbossever URL 
where'd the puppy store on arthur go ? ! 😔 
USERNAME where ? i'm hella dead rn in bed still all sick cause of last night 😭 and i didn't even go downtown . i'd be sick and hungover rip 
USERNAME omg cut that shit out i can't take anymore ! lmao :'( <3 
damn i really wanted , to go to the movies with her :( 
USERNAME are you really not gonna talk to me now ? :( 
football camp for her is cancelled for #shreveport 😭 USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME all i saw was 🍨🍧🎂🍰🍰🍪🍫🍩🍮🍞 ! ! ! i sowwy 😔 don't🔫 me 
ben in my app fo a couple weeks and ain't had that yet 😔 😪👎 
but i have a feeling i'm not hunna like it 😁 😭 
USERNAME would have loved to have some but you are full for tonight :( 
i bet tomorrow i'm going to be sick i got no sweater on ! 😥 
but i have a feeling i'm not hunna like it 😁 😭 
i miss my red hair , why did you have to fade away so fast ? ? 😭 😭 😭 
spoke too soon .. locked out of the bus barn 👎 😭 
i wish USERNAME was here ! ! ! :( ((( #missinmygirl #loveher #bestfriend <3 333333 
the moment when you try every thing in your closet and you stiill feel huge and just wanna put sweats on and can't #fml 
USERNAME lmao ! what a cruel thing to say ! ! 😔 
USERNAME helping them :( i'm bored now i don't wana help 
USERNAME omg i know ! i was hoping i'd see you when i got in there but i didn't . ): 
flight is at 7:10. we got some time . don't wanna go home . :( (@ concourse c) URL 
10 fell out and one broke into pieces omg im pissed off ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( URL 
USERNAME o jezu :c współczuję ci . trzymaj się jakoś :( 
USERNAME i wish that you could have came with me ): 
ohh noo .... my granny is in the hospital , on life support ...... lord help me :'( 
can my best friend get here already like damn 😞 
my poor puppy/son :( idk what ima do when i have to move out in february . i want to find him a good home where i can visit him ! 
the fact my boyfriend doesn't text me back ughh :( 
second to last wedding for me for the season :( #goeicenter , a popular venue for me this year @ goei center URL 
so firetrucking tired ! swim practice was so hard ! :( we (USERNAME me and other swimmers) did so many sprints ! ! ! :o 
i wish i was there , touching harry's hand .... :'( #sadtweet ..... 
i can't trust anybody but him .. that's the only person i can talk to . i just want him here . i don't wanna feel so bad . 😔 
need a shoulder to cry on right now . 😩 😢 
- can we go back to the way we used to be ? #iwuldlovedat #itssoomuchbettrthtway </3 
movie date with the family ! and they ripped my tickets ! :( #brave #family #movies #disney @ masters 7 cinema URL 
USERNAME did you really send me a dm regarding a crazy tweet about me ? or did you get hacked ? :( 
oh .... my ass hurts from sitting . 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 
my wisdom teeth got pulled now here comes the pain :c 
i might have to retire these pf flyers soon and it's breaking my heart :( :( 
USERNAME i know what that feels like ! lol 💔 
as soon as she said shes done , i got instantly sick to my stomach ... :( 
my cousin bossman birthday comin up cuz bouta be 21 fucked up he not here to see 21 :( bip boss brazy brim URL 
work work . gonna miss out on tonight's fun :'( (@ starbucks) URL 
my boss is in a moos . tonight is gonna suck . #fml 
the more i compare these situations ... the more i'm convinced you have a weekend girlfriend . 💔 😟 #forrealdoe 
USERNAME oh ! i’m in chicago right now too . going back to sydney tomorrow tho :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME i sowwyy 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
nobody hott with a car and who isn't a druggie asks me out on dates :( #dates 
he is probably the only person i talk to everyday , cuz the rest of my friends don't wanna talk to me :( lol 
USERNAME i sure do wish i could see what kind of emojis you're using .. fuck my life ...... :( . 
USERNAME ugh that sucks . i thought you flew alaska and thus a direct flight :( 
USERNAME si babe my phones dead charging this is my ipod . and no babe i took uh break :( 
USERNAME USERNAME christmas ? ? you are foolish can't i laugh again ? who need the spirit of sense :'( 
i really hope it doesn't rain 😣 you see i forgot my ☔ 
USERNAME lolz mollzz i'm sick it's probably good i didn't :( 
my boss is in a mood . tonight is gonna suck . #fml 
i just realized that i forgot to ask for transition lenses , not regular ones :( ((((( #ohwait 
why do i still miss you like it was yesterday :( 
USERNAME ohh yummy ! ! ! to bad i have champagne taste on a lite beer budget ... :( 
USERNAME USERNAME love you ! i'm sorry i told u i might stop by but i had one hour of sleep :( this week we are going out ! 
my tattoo burns today .. wish i brought my a&d stuff today :( 
USERNAME i don't have the whip ! goodys at work . idk what time he gets out . 😔 
USERNAME no :( gotta work ! ! ! idk who u are gonna pick on tonight haha 
USERNAME i made french toast today but i ended up feeding most of it to my dog :'( 
my hair looks so short when it natural now :( 
USERNAME hahahahahahaaha wow ! ! ! that is nasty ! ! i feel bad :'( 
- left longhorn ; headed home ; i needaa napp 😔 
USERNAME ya i'm guessing your dad isn't here either :( 
USERNAME i lost him :( yo one day find him lol 
i almost spent $40 on a denim button up at pacsun but i went to penny first and found one i liked better for $17 and it rang up 25 cents 😦 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ashdkglakskelskak i have greek life edu to do ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i have no idea ... i can't reach him either 😔 
#lrt yess , i feel the samee way 😔 😏 
so upset that USERNAME and USERNAME broke up . favorite hollywood couple is no more . 💔 
holy fucking shit my head is killing me and i can barely see .... light hurts so bad :'( 
after working all week all i wanted to do was go out but of course thats not happening 😞 🔫 
my baby miss me just as bad as i'm missing him , ugh cant wait till he move with us 😣 few more weeks my wait will be over 
migraine headache + throwing up = not a good time 👎 😣 
USERNAME ikr :( ( nothing much boring beaufort is killing me 
USERNAME oh my gosh i miss you more ! ! ill be home in ten days ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 ❤ ❤ ❤ 
seriously having anxiety about having to go to my grandmas tomorrow 😔 
idk what to eat . #thestruggle of having your wisdoms teeth taken out 😔 
i'm too young for this shit ... what did i get myself into :( 
i hate when you're too busy to talk to me .. 😔 
USERNAME bien , te juro estoy batallando con eso ! :( 
first time i heard my niece cry cause i left her 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i cried more than she did 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME lucky ! ! my seats were too far away :( 
it's 45 degrees out and raining , and my brothers in alabama for football where it's 75 and sunny . #jealous 😔 👎 
i don't know what i'd do without demi lovato & her music 😭 😭 😭 
i done put these niggas on they ass and they scoring touchdowns .. d1 niggas 😭 😭 😭 😭 😥 makes me feel outta place 😩 
USERNAME lying about what dude said he was going to come bilo and put a bsg over my head :( 
USERNAME you should be ;d i miss you boo :( 
ughh now it's so cold i have to potty :c 
USERNAME that's not bad , you put out my whole name > :( 
playing drums is mega hard on my index finger :( ((( i hate blisters URL 
USERNAME found out i fucked up mama bad :( msgs weren't even for me 
but it's just like statistics for the state , county . idk sorry i can't be of more help . :( 
USERNAME haha yeah it really was ! i got fired though :( 
USERNAME don't cry ! :'( your amazing ! i love you , your absolutely beautiful , please don't cry ! <3 
i want to go on vacation for real for xmas break :( 
i'm starving and i don't know what to eat ! ! 😭 😭 😭 
nothing for hitachiin i really wanted to see what would pop up for them :( 
wtf ! ! my cousin got to meet romeo from aventura and she didn't take me ! :( 
made it to 10k ! but missed it . :( but it goes to USERNAME & USERNAME bc i feel bad for punching them in the face . 
USERNAME mehh 😢 i'm there in spirit ! just pretend i'm the pole at gjs haha #dangerous 
i'm sad i'm almost here && these bitches are napping 😠 😞 😒 
back in duncanville ... 😞 😒 about to finish this work and then hopefully go out tonight 
#ihavetoconfess i'm a fat girl at heart . 😔 🍕🍔🍟🍗🍖🍝🍛🍤🎂🍰🍪 
craziest dream i've ever had .. shit got me thinking :( 
haven't talked to haley in like a one and a half a day . #record 😔 
beauty and the beast now at hollywood studios tissues at the ready 😢 
i wish i could look at babe without feeling so damn insecure v.v 
sick & home alone - this is not the biz :( 
mi tipico error: priorizar a quien me toma como una opción :'( 
the help has to be one of the best movies out #sosad 😢 
at the nursing home ... such a sad place to be . 😔 
if you missed me as much as i miss you you'd be here begging for me to tell you a story about how i mowed the lawn or something #oldtimes :( 
USERNAME i would if i didn't have to work :( 
i may never leave the house again if it means i have to keep telling neighbors pigdog died . :( 
and at the last minute my date for the wedding tonight bails ... looks like its the singles table ... #fml #wheres a martini when you need 1 
i'm so sorry to let you down willy , my friend , my brother :'( rt USERNAME USERNAME never once has that happened 
my step mom is always accusing me for shit i don't do and i always end up in trouble 😣 
never again will i try and fit 5 people in my hottub ... all the waters gone ... #nohottubtonight :'( 
i've never been this tired in my life . 😭 
there is so much red and white in this civic center i cant find where eastman is sitting :( guess i'll cheer them on where we are 
ugh fuck you stupid laptop . i never get this to work :( (( URL 
shittyyrt USERNAME ill never eat ice cream after crab legs again 😔 
i really am a terrible driver 😔 fuck it tho . 
i feel like everyone is having so much fun cuz nobody's in twitter ... except me 😔 
i'm grounded and i'm watching tv ? wtf parentalss . lemme go out :( 
USERNAME USERNAME nobody else plays with me as seriously as we used to :( 
queria tar em patoss hj na formatura das migss ! ! :( 
idk if ill ever forgive USERNAME broken heart life :( 
it's cold in this fuckin house but i don't wana put any clothes on 😔 
when USERNAME thinks that my freckles are dirt <<<< #fake 😔 
i wish my boyfriend would text me back . 😔 i'm bored 
USERNAME i'm jealous ! i wanna go :( & okay 💜 💙 💚 💛 ❤ yaay 
USERNAME awhh buddy , i haven't seen your face in forever :( 
we need to win . so far , that's not happening . :( 
i really hate web people don't text back ! 😔 😒 
USERNAME no 😔 i wish i was ! are you ? 
USERNAME soo umm i miss you :( i need to see ur beautiful face sometime & catch up ! <3 
guess i'm staying in bed all day with this fatass fever i got 😞 
me gusta . 😔 💜 i want it . #ollg URL 
USERNAME USERNAME lmao ! aw your a jerk ! 😞 
tyler is real for texting me . too bad he's about to go to work . ): 
. 😭 😰 😢 i'm about to declare our friendship over ... 
USERNAME i know you are always thinking it but you don't have to say it . 😔 
USERNAME beyond decent . man , i watched that bitch last night and i cried cause damn , where's peter parkers dad at :( 
i don't feel good almost in tears . bye 😢 
this girls crazy on this show ! ! 😧 😳 
fuck i'm gonna be a 3rd wheel 😔 but it's for my nigga 
leggings make me look smaller than what i really am :( 
disappointing first day 😞 still have an hour or so to go , let's hope for at least one send ! #bishop 
USERNAME no USERNAME has a high school game so he can't have people over :( 
i can't believe my nephew is 8 years old today . he's growing up way to fast ! seems like just yesterday he was a whittle babyy ): #ilovehim 
kinda mad that my saturday didn't go as planned :( 
not gonna lie that was just really heartbreaking . </3 
USERNAME no :( i've sat inside all day doing homework and playing guitar . what about you ? ? 
i got sick ! my first time going to see 1d live and i got sick :( 
i need a cuddle buddy for this nap 😔 😞 
USERNAME why because you made other plans . im not stupid . man up and txt nicole back > :( 
just got caught up on the walking dead ... 😢 💔 
USERNAME so did i . :( . new iphone update wiped it out :( 
USERNAME no i don't ) ): i'm at pittsburgh now but keep me updated if you hear of anything ! ! 
praying for granny tonight , cancer in her lungs 💔 love you ❤ 
i wish i could've watched the bruins and panthers play each other tonight . :( i miss hockey much . #endthelockout 
sad i couldn't be at the last game :( u guys r still #1 in my heart <3 xoxo #emfbforever 
USERNAME i thought we were seeing it together ? :( but i'm jealous . i can't wait to see it . 
USERNAME i'm trying to find someone to work for me tomorrow ! :( 
i've been good , i'm bored as fuhh though 😔 
fail ! ! first steps out the door i freaken fall down the stairs ... my butt will be bruised ... :( 
and our soccer season is over . . . 😔 
i need a fountain soda , pronto ! ! sad times though: i can't go get it 😔 #gimp #ihatecrutches 
that awkward moment when your friend is mad at you 😭 😭 😭 #sadtweet 
train ticket from wilmington to dc and back :c heck . hearing protection :c heck . ticket for USERNAME and USERNAME at USERNAME :c heck . 
i wish i was seeing title fight tonight . :-( 
USERNAME i can't , i'm stuck in the office until 7 :( 
nothing like sitting at a table by yourself at a restaurant for 30 minutes because your mom is late . #imsoembarrassed 😢 😥 😪 
USERNAME you rocked that stage dorothy . i almost cried , expecially seeing your dad cry :( so good . love you girl ! 
i really wish i could still go to that party tonight ! ): 
note to self: don't watch #ghostadventures when you know you're going to be in a scary house by yourself the next day . USERNAME 😱 😧 👻 
no red cup :( i guess my tomato will do .. but the peppermint mocha is yummy ! USERNAME URL 
well i guess i could take a nap ... ? 😞 
too bad ass is photoshopped :( rt USERNAME so damn sexy rt USERNAME feet n ass ... still cant get enuf ! ! ! URL 
USERNAME wish i knew where he was now ... 😭 😭 😭 😭 
whenever you feel like giving up , just remember what you've been fighting for all this time #butimtiredtho :( 
that fact that austin has a job is good and bad . he has his life in place , but that's less time i get to talk to him :( 
#ihavetoconfess i hate when i do something amazing and no one sees it . 😔 
USERNAME hope you are well my girl ! ! ! ! i'm on a mini get away in michigan loving it ! but leaving tomorrow :( can i rewind please 💋 💋 💋 
charlie st . cloud and the last song all in one night ? let the tears begin . 😭 😫 😳 
i want popcorn but i don't want to make it like on the stove and crap , it's the real deal popcorn :c 
USERNAME yes . </3 stay the nigh t.t onight ? ! hookah seshh with USERNAME later ? ? mmhhmm;d 
USERNAME yeh yeh dey gave da boot 😭 😭 😭 
i wish the ice cream shack was still open :( 
i miss my bf already :( i have two bars here :( 
i would be the one to fall down the stairs 😔 
sick af . really don't wanna work tonight . 😞 😷 😨 
cindy fucking hates me . admit it already 😔 😞 😕 
USERNAME i look forward to your show every morning but waking up to retweets from your libtards is damn depressing . :( 
i am never wearing cowboy boots again . #iswear #somuchpain #surgery 😭 😭 😭 
just seen wales lost :( but united won thanks to chich and clearly not their defence ... for a change ! #mufc 
USERNAME :( no bueno .. thankfully my surgery worked .. id be pissed if i got pregnant now haha 
i slept five hours last night & i'm soo sleepy i haven't napped . :( #sadgirltweet 
dawggf im sleepy af and i have to put away all these clothes . . . #fml 
when your mom changes kendrick lamar & bumps taylor swift -.- #fml #mood change . 
if there's one thing i learned while doing this dumb project: there is absolutely nothing interesting or special about me . ): 
maybe i should , only if i knew how to tell her :( 
#uww 's 2012 football season ended today . i want it to last longer :( #sadtweet 
flu , hurt leg , hurt back #ugh #fml #why 
USERNAME fml :( it sucks so freakin bad lol .. i miss my iphone so much ! ! what are you doin tonight ? 
USERNAME miss running with you too ): as painful as xc was , it really was a lot of fun . 
USERNAME give them medicine too , & ohh i want dinner :/ i hungry ): & oh okay that's fun too lmfao 
damn i have no more how i met your mother episodes to watch on netflix . :( 
i wish i still had my led gloves :( waahh 
pretty sure we are going to die on this ride hungover half awake bad driver plus this snow/rain plus mountain roads equals death 🙈 😖 😭 
everybody record vinny's ustream ! i cant watch it ): 
feeling dumb because USERNAME never told me his real name was brandon 😕 😢 
wish you were here :( #alone and i ain't even home haha gay 👬 
USERNAME that dn you sent me made me cry . </3 
USERNAME aww lexx an ik i would be upset if i didn't see ur pretty face :( 
slipped and fell while running around in excitement because i ordered sushi 😭 
just got done eating , and i'm still hungry . :( 
USERNAME i haven't weighed myself in forever so i don't even have a rebuttal here . :c 
fuckk its a 3 day weekend and imma be stuck in this house bored as hell :( 
wish i was going to that USERNAME show in claremont tonight ! 😔 #toobsessed #firefly 
USERNAME bummer :( we need to go out since i am 21 now ! haha your gonna be back for christmas break though right ? ? 
USERNAME i hope you don't get offended when i call you ma'am :( 
someone shoot me all the drunk adults in my house are listening to hippie music #why #fml 
USERNAME yep can't belive i let people barrow money for nothing :( 
i've missed him so much :( @ zittels boston view URL 
terrible new . texas for christmas , not thanksgiving . </3 
just seen a homeless man on the side of the road , said he was a homeless army vet , his wife left him , seriously bout made me cry ! ! ! 😔 
i really dnt feel like going to cypress but i have to go get groceries :( (( 
flying in i noticed that there were some pockets of darkness ... :-( (@ lga - american airlines terminal) URL 
my teeth hurt so bad d: the cold is killing my poor little chompers :( 
i think my dad likes USERNAME more than he likes me ! ! ! :( jk but for real tho . 
i'm ready to be off of work ! ! :( ( #soosloww 
😔 😒 rt USERNAME unfortunately , i can't make you love me , the way i love you . 
USERNAME he had a degenerative spinal disease . :( he died sunday , with his sweet head in my hands . 
ughh work is going by so slow ! 😒 😩 😭 
og:yall stfu i never seen 2 brothers argue like yall , my lil sister :c ome on b like a real family og:girl shut yo ass up 
USERNAME wah :( we're leaving ! i should have texted you last night ! miss youu , see you over thanksgiving love ! <3 
shes forgot about her people on the flat lands :'( #imforgotten :USERNAME 
so many things running through my head right now 😣 
USERNAME pisses me off ! he stops daily at buckle 😭 
not being able to facetime USERNAME right now what 😢 😩😩 😠 
USERNAME can you like tell her i love you or something ? ill even food you :( 
getting my eyes dilated always gives me a headache . :( #fb 
my phone is fucked up . i can receive texts , but it won't let me text back :( sorry everyone who i haven't texted back ! 
the fact that we only can right 140 letters on twitter <<< :( , sent get my point across lbs ! 
the way i almost made this kid fall at clubfit :( 
i wish the nhl would hurry up with the lockout thing . i really miss hockey . :-( 
USERNAME if i had food ): or at least idk if we do haha :/ 
i hope someone posts the boys performances on x factor uk & being on xtra factor i can't watch them :( 
USERNAME i've heard that which is disappointing ! :( :( :( but yes gorgeous ahh haha 
taking a nap did not help this hangover #fml #needadvil 
there will never be a smile on my face agian :( 
USERNAME USERNAME lmaoo jen thinks people wanna smoke 24/7 😔 
USERNAME no plans :-( i wanna do something fun but i haven't seen anyone all day . 
USERNAME in new hampshire :( hours away from burrito salvation haha . 
i get scared to shower when im home alone :c 
USERNAME of course she has ! ! ! ! ! 😩😤 😔 
i really miss USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME theyre just really perf and i need to see them 😭 
never thought i would get a text from that one person 😧 
people keep turning they back on me wonder why i have trust issues ! #fml 
i'm tired as hell and i have to babysit . #fml #immadie 
my brother took the ladder and left me on the roof :( #imstuck #helpme 
i wanna go to the movies but i got nobody to go with 👎 😥 
USERNAME it's about dang time ! i still have barely touched skyrim . :( 
selena gomez is available now ! this is the happiest day of my life 😭 😭 😭 
just scheduled my first hair appointment in over 2 and a half years .... 😥 
still in bed at almost 6 at night 😢 talk about a bad day 
wish i was going to go see USERNAME and the rest of mmg 😔 😔 😔 😔 
ughh work is going by so slow 😒 😫 😭 
i'm getting everyone sick , i'm sorry . 😳 😔 
hopefully theres mad partys tonight . tonight will be the last night for me to do it up for a while . :( 
def gonna cry when my mom leaves :( normally i don't get like this .. #sad 
USERNAME :( spending problems suck hahaha but shopping is funn 
one of the backstreet boys was at my job and i missed it :( 
toi toi toi to my 3 amazingly talented kwright bbs USERNAME USERNAME & USERNAME on their recital ! wish i could be there :( 
USERNAME haha & connor d stole my belt ! ): 
def just got stung by a scorpion 😩 😭 😡 #dying #pain #fml 
i'm crushed that adam sander died 😢 USERNAME and to think we were just talking about him last night . 
USERNAME hey ! ! do people ever sell they're tickets outside the stadium ! ? :( i wanna go so bad tonight ! 
people call me chawn now . makes me miss USERNAME 💔 
this heating pad is gonna be my best friend this weekend .. ): 
USERNAME no biggie . you're just terrible at replying to friends that you 😞 😞 
USERNAME aww i sorry ya now i have to work with jacob :( 
USERNAME my goshh ! math class just isn't the same without you :( 
yeah , breakups suck . but what about when you spill your last shot ? 😢 
my first high school dance dad is gonna miss seeing me before :( 
USERNAME musaad ! ! ! me too walla :c yala hant kelha one month .. 
i miss my baby boy .. lord only you feel my pain .. elijah jordan santos i will always be your dad loving you forever , you are my prince :'( 
USERNAME i didn't get one :( what is ffl ? 
the drying machines at school do nothing whatsoever to dry my clothes :( #stillnotdry 
USERNAME 6 in a row lost in the finals :( 
how ima find a ride to dublin ... ? hmm , damn i wish my grandma wasn't in atlanta at the moment :( 
my job is so boring 😔 can not wait till i get off . 5 more hrs ! ! ! 
USERNAME 😔 i was on my way over but i guess another time…. 😕 
USERNAME ahh i'm so sorry i didn't even check my twitter till now 😔 
USERNAME liam ! ! ! ! i didn't get to see you yesterday :'( 
im soo bored , someone should come hang out with me ! ! :( 
USERNAME that is so clever , i wish i came up with that :( 
dem d rose shoes is sexy but dey to much ! :( 
i seriously miss USERNAME so much already . :c <3 
i hope christina changes her mind about me having to wear weave at her wedding . 😣 
USERNAME i do that all the time ! really sucks . :( 
i hate it when USERNAME goes to work 😔 💔 
USERNAME whmm do u don't love me either :'( </3 
USERNAME ahh hahaha ill see what's up foo the economy is bad :( 
USERNAME aw dayumm i can't then 😔 do you want me to bring it over before or after or something ? 
USERNAME i need to see you and mathias quick ! ! ! ! </3 
USERNAME if it wasn't for school , i would've gone to see you yesterday :( 
USERNAME good ! and what about you ? how do you feel ? do you feel like following me ? please :( 
all i want right meow is to go home sip hot chocolate and get a lap dance ... 😔 
i forgot my bracelet in my cousins house *sigh* i hope i see it again . 😞 
bruno= weirdest movie i think i've ever watched ... USERNAME #umm 😦 😖 
i just wanna be cute with someone like both of us actually know how we both feel and feel the same way 😔 
those freezing cold chills you get when you're sick , even when bundled up in a million blankets , sweats , and a sweater .... #nobueno 😔 😷 
aww ! they grew up fast ! 😢 @ directioner land URL 
USERNAME pumpin ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! where are you ? ? ? :( 
USERNAME haha sorry cousin ! :( one day we will reunite ! 
USERNAME i'm pretty sad cause my friends just got in a bad car crash :( 
USERNAME USERNAME aww , baby ! if i lived closer , i'd take you ! 💔 
so bored :( someone save me from this boredom . 
the fact that i didn't bring any movies home to watch really bums me out . 😢 
idk what to do anymore ... idk what's going on ... i'm upset .. all the time .. :( .. 
:-( better get in a good mood tonight for our party ! 
USERNAME sucks because she made plans with me today and now she's not answering my texts 😭 
great ! computer says it will take 167 days to back up on my external hard drive #fml #firstworldproblems 
USERNAME i would tell you to text me but my phone is broken :( 
USERNAME it would be a sad life of yours :( hahahaha . but also , i would never get crunch wraps or quarters so mine would be sad too 
the playoff game is on my birthday , but i can't go cause my surgery .. 😔 
USERNAME out of 6.9m people that follow you and you follow 11k ... i will never be in that list of people you follow .. 💔 am i right ? 
can we please take a moment of silence because i just finished the office 😔 
so lonely at lbcc 😥 🌾🍃🍂 @ long beach city college URL 
USERNAME still wanting for the day you'll notice me liam :( 
USERNAME tweets everyone , and still forgets me :( #pleasenoticeme 
& now i get ready for work i'm so tired though 😢 
USERNAME my mother came home a day early .. #fml #wahh :( 
fell asleep at around three and just work up feel like i slept my whole day away since its dark outside :( 
a tragic day . the neighbors locked their wi-fi . however should i get my anime now :'( 
wish i worked at 6 am so i could be done and napping right now . 😞 
someone bring me hot chocolate 😔 check that young location ! 
USERNAME i've been getting sick all day . so i don't think my mom will let me leave ): 
i feel so lost without adilyn here 😔 😔 #mommyprobz 
USERNAME can you just say hello ? anything ? i just love you so much . :( 
i wish i could make everyone happy every once in awhile ... including myself 😔 
USERNAME thankss ! i too mom you'd have to come to johnstown with me sometime lol she said no ! 😔 🍺 #partyy 
hate it when i want to wash the car it start to rain .. not cool ! :( 
i must be sick :( i just put rap on my ipod ! 
USERNAME the emojis in your game center name are making it so my games keep crashing :( 
ran out of mambas now i dnt have anymore 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i wanna get shitty with you bitches 😢 i haven't drank majorska in the longest ... 😳 
damn , buried is a fucked movie , homie dies ... :'( 
USERNAME awh :c what i do when bored is make a letter that says inappropriate things so everyone sees it 
hearin my sons voice after while>>> 😢 i miss him 
USERNAME 8 ): but i won't get you sick .. i don't want anyone to catch what i have it's awful 
i'm ready to go back downtown .. i hate the westbank 😣 
USERNAME omg . that makes me so sad . i miss casa soo bad :( 
USERNAME so nice meeting you last night ! ! ! bummed you didn't come to rumor with us :( 
USERNAME umm what if i say , there are no more ? ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME aww , thats no fun :( i wont ask you to follow me then haha;) 
USERNAME 😭 😭 can we do something tomorrow night ? ! ? 
wish i could smooke before i get worked at work .. #fml #passithere #workflow 
USERNAME i wonder what you say about me .. 😢 
aww my boo USERNAME sick , i hate seeing her like this ! ! 😷 😢 
USERNAME :( lo siento esos dias estaba perdido caminaba cegado sin identidad sin dignidad , no era yo . 
leaving the beach is the saddest thing ever 😥 😭 😢 😰 😩 
USERNAME and the weekend i am around your not home ! ! 😩 😔 😩 
USERNAME girl you need to be positive ! ! ! :( you are beautiful ! 
i love baking , but stirring this batter is so tiring . :( 
i hate this time limit for medicine 😔 so annoying 
USERNAME ew ? i'd do anything to be as pretty as you . 😔 
i wish my parents where still together . # </3 
why does life hate me ? all i do us give and think of everyone else yet i get shat on every chance life gets . #fml . 
today has been the longest day . all i want is to go home to my bed :( 
USERNAME he was swearing , bad . i couldn't even watch it haha . the pillow was in front of my face the last minute of the game 😔 #upset 
nothing yet , what should i do ? . ? can i go ? . ? he will say no though :'( soon though , right ? . ? i wonder when is soon :'( 
USERNAME i told you . why do you never believe me when i tell you :( now i'm sad . 
i hate days like this 😔 😕 😑 👎 i just really wanna 👊 someone in the face ! in just n so much pain 😩 😢 and i have have been doing is 😴 
USERNAME felicidadess idolazoo ... ya dame rt o respondeme .. no mms :( 
so fucking pissed .. this always happens . #justmyluck 😡 😢 
i dont know what im gonna do tomorrow without USERNAME @ church ): 
USERNAME and yeah me too i have things that i like and things that i hate such as . violence and corruption :'( 
who would take good care of my doggies while they're gone though ? ? 😔 🐶🐶 
USERNAME aw loving the weather ! ! i mis my room 😞 can't wait to be home ! 💜 
oh some people will never change no matter how much you wish they would . 😣 😞 #sadtweet 
USERNAME i already have plans for today :( next weekend ! 
i want to cuddle with him right now , it's so cold lol :( and i miss him ;* #cuddleseason 
USERNAME karma got me cause she wont do shit 😔 #dead 
USERNAME just give me a heart attack man not . cool :c 
when the only person you want to talk to isn't talking to you <<<<< 😔 😥 💔 
but it ain't even about to happen ... 😔 👎 💔 
red wine and cigarettes 🍷🚬 #depressed btw just kidding i don't smoke URL 
USERNAME im doin fantastic , where have you been ? you went all ghostlyy on us :c 
life is tricky ... tricky ... am so not in a happy mind set right now .... :( 
i despise the cold , ice , snow , everything winter related ! :( 
USERNAME : i heard she gone beii ! :( *tears* 
harvard students launch the first burger into space (30,000 m up ): URL 
i won't be able to get black ops ii till friday 😔 #thestruggle is paramount 
attention: the tape has officially come off my walls . :( say goodbye ! #sadday URL 
USERNAME me too 😭 next time lets facetime while we eat it'll be just like a date 
USERNAME aww :( i'd hang put with you if i here on campus ! ! ! sometime that should happen . 
i have your twitter and tumblr connected to my phone </3 i keep looking at them :( 
the awkward moment when orgo is easier than anatomy . it's going to take days to condense 6 lectures and labs 😞 
man i wish we went out today ! ! ! 😞 😢 
USERNAME mgkn lamaan di north kl ya ji . ondeh .. :( 
USERNAME i know i'm trying to .. it's like my weekend . but it's keeps on upsetting me whenever plans changes . :'( 
USERNAME fuckk you read my mind baby ! i want some in n out :( let's go babe ? 
dear sweet baby lawyer , come back and visit your aunt madison and uncle jeremee we misses you . 😔 URL 
there's always something . wish we could actually hang out for once , #sorry 😔 USERNAME 
s/o to USERNAME for having sex with me last night an then sneaking away before i awoke . </3 #betch 
can someone please come get me or i'll see if i can drive to you 😔 
everytime i get coffee i regret it after the first sip . about to barf omg :( 
i don't want to go out tonight but the idea of getting drunk :( 
USERNAME don't put a heart of you don't love me and you don't 😔 
aww closed ! darn #sandy :( (@ trader joe's) URL 
hanging up the phone with USERNAME makes me sad 😞 
yay ! ! ! my ❤ isn't going out of town for work next week . i'm so freaking happy . belle & i woulda been so lonely :( 
i won't say i don't miss telling you i love you an always being with you 😒 😣 💔 
omg we are forever delayed every flight i have been since thursday has been delayed #fml #annoyed . l 
i just want to see USERNAME 😪why do i have to be 21 next year instead of this year 😞 
sitting here thinking bout u USERNAME the vixens have a dope surprise 4 u soon , wondering how u can miss someone u never met #wednesday :'( 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 
USERNAME your default picture ! haha aww i know i miss you so much too ! ! :'( 
USERNAME my mom is at work . 😔 and my aunt took my memo with her . so no 🚗 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 1 
USERNAME aw 😦 and it's because she tore acl , and she has hip displasia . 
miss my mama , she left n went back to woodhaven . :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( drink some 7up or canada dry it should help with the nausea and also settle your stomach 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 2 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 3 
my baby so handsome but auntie baby got a cold :( URL 
just passed colony ... so sad that it closed :'( fencernick #music #sheetmusic #broadway @ colony records URL 
at least work tonight will keep me distracted for about 5 hours 😞 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 4 
i'm too nice . people take advantage of me :( 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 5 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 6 
USERNAME i just got home from the park , i wanna do something but it's so cold ): 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 7 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 8 
i can never say no to a publix sub 😔 they are addicting . 
USERNAME :( do you have work in a half hour ? haha 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 9 
sad i'm missing my besties baby shower because of work 😔 but at least i get to see her when i get off ! 😊 🍼 💙 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 10 
everyone raving about skyfall makes me sad i have no one to see it with :( 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 11 
looking at old yearbooks makes me miss the old days 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME my cousins and aunt love in joliet :( ( 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 12 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you'll have to count me out , i hate lasagna . :( 
USERNAME noo 👎👎👎👎 i want to go back so bad 😔 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 13 
omg someone help me my sis and mom are argiung .... ugghh its kinda a everyday thing :( 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 14 
i want to cheers to the freakin weekend with somebody :'( 
my #champions ... missing my nieces #ashton though (she had softball) :( but over @ prince george high school URL 
USERNAME hell yeah . and nah i never owned an iphone 4 😔 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 15 
balling my eyes because i just watched ella get married😫 😭 oh how i get so into movies 
oh yay , only 4 more hours until mate gets home . #fml #sobored 😞 👎 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 16 
USERNAME lucky ! i need to find time to catch up :( ill do that this week 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 17 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 18 
it is impossible for me to take a nap . 😣 #imsotired #alliwantissleep 
USERNAME yea they all go to the old timer in the dd :( 
back to work , still feeling sick :( (@ payless shoesource) URL 
USERNAME waahh ! ! ! wtf i wish i went last night ! .. 😒 😔 😢 😭 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 19 
USERNAME si im so happy i woke up tryna find it and forgot i left it in his car :( haha 
USERNAME can you please share ? ? ? i want the fios .... :( 
texas a&m got me and the dog sweatin ... 😥 #rolltide @ arlington place at research park URL 
i got all cute for the rw show and i'm not even going ): 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 20 
i seem to hit my head all the time lately . i'm such a dumbass . 😞 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 21 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 22 
growl . although the scale goes down i feel as though its lying ): #isuck 
i wish michael had cable 💔 i would love to watch awkward right now 😢 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 23 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 25 
USERNAME i missed excessive tweeting last night ! :( ((( 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 26 
USERNAME same here . i live in gibbs so it was impossible to get my car out . #sigh 😞 
USERNAME it's no fun to do a dance party in the kitchen when you're not here . 😢 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 27 
this sucks and i'm really disappointed . 😞 😒 😣 😤 
no way is the soccer season over . i cannot believe it . 😢 love all you soccer chicas⚽ ❤ #chsgs 
USERNAME don't scroll down liam ! notice me first then ! and ur scrolling down ;( </3 28 
today is so boring ... i should work on my senior project #fml #stupidproject 
someone bring an ipod dock to my house ! mine brokee :'( 
so sad to be leaving the world . :( but happy we finally decided on a ceremony & reception spot ! #disneyworld #disneyweddings #wdw <3 
noo ! ! i wasn't planning on going to the row show tonight but now that i can , no one else can :( 
USERNAME USERNAME awesome news ! some of those guys live/work out of their truck . not very easy sleeping @ night . :-( they r great ! 
i want to ride the horse but my mom said i can't . :( 
i frickin hate burger king , i just wanna be in the dirty jerz 😥 #notfair #worksucks 
my phone just got in the yellow ... i can't have my phone die while i'm in kenton ! ! ! ! :( 
my knee really needs to heal ! ! 😭 😭 
USERNAME probably not , sadly . it looks like i am booked solid tomorrow and i fly out at 5am monday ... :( 
USERNAME what time do you go on ? #missyou ✌ 😢 
USERNAME just here and there , how about you mari ? i texted you the other day . 😣 
that text message that makes you drop your big box of fruit snacks .. USERNAME 😔 URL 
USERNAME they're really selective ! they only give out money to minorities or super geniuses 😔 
USERNAME i wish i was as tall as you 😔 
i'm never wearing my brown columbia again ! ... someone said i looked like a turd ! 😥 💩 
USERNAME whaat ! ! i didn't know that ! ! ! i'll miss you and your pearls . :( 
where the old khaliya at ? i miss her . </3 
i don't know anything about sports , i just pick teams based on which jersey's look better ): 
USERNAME hope she heals quickly ! that can't be any fun . ): 
i have forgotten some words in my national anthem :( 
USERNAME kyle ! my computers dea d: ( the charger broke ): i only have my phone for now . ill go to the lib . tomorro& send it to the gmail 
USERNAME they are classics ! i feel so old :( 
USERNAME come eat ! me and judy are lonely . :( 
ohemgee #grimm was soo good ! ! can't wait until next week ! upset that's it going to be the finale tho . :'( 
w/ my ratchet julian . only ratchet missing is tim 😔 
every day that passes by i miss my dad more each day </3 
3 more hours 😔 i hate working every weekend , time for a new job 
USERNAME you're welcome ! ... and dangit i really wanted to go ): ... well good luck ! 
USERNAME uhh too late my feelings are beyond hurt homie . 😭 😢 😖 lmaoo 
USERNAME i wish i could've too ): but i cant do anything anymore -.- 
ten 10yr old girls running around my house . #mightjustshootmyself #fml 
bout to cry cause no one followed through with today plans :( 
USERNAME - i wish i was at home ... all warm and shit 😢 
hmm the rents are going out to eat . must be nice to be healthy ! 😢 😔 
wow ! look at this $26,860.00 superfecta score at #churchill today (race #8 ): URL 
USERNAME oh noo liam isn't on anymore :( oh well . i tried . lots of love mr payne . xo 
i wish u still had my dads credit card number memorized so i could give myself presents :( 
USERNAME really im lyin though . ill prolly wait forever and put up with all kindsa bullshit :( 
me and USERNAME laying in bed . we we're hurt from cheer . 😔 🎀🙌😁 URL 
USERNAME i saw u at wallgreens ! but i didn't realize it was u until i was walking out :( 
USERNAME i waited for the phone call last night . :( 
USERNAME yea am good , i jst cant believe my bro gone ! </3 its jst so unreal ! :/ 
USERNAME i did ! but i will not be able to attend the shindig :[ 
& i really wanna talk to jaylon .. ): , fuck it , i'm a find this phone .. 
USERNAME it sucks ass no being able to do anything huh . 😭 💔 
at&t only has 1 bar of signal here in sacramento . 😭 
i can tell this is going to be an emotional night #fml 
ctfu rt USERNAME if her avi is black n white , she probably an escort :( 
i'm cold have no jacket and its starting to rain 😔 
i mean fast food is cool but can i please have real food :( (((((( 
i'm just gonna try and sleep , and try to clear my mind ... 😔 
julian casablancas apartment is on sale for 1,295,000 i want it omg . he lived there ... i want ): 
the fairgrounds are so depressing without all of the fair stuff here . #sadtweet 
waiting with kids . not always fun . :( (@ mcdonald's) [pic]: URL 
me and USERNAME ; my cheer best-friend . laying in bed . we we're hurt from practice . 😔 🎀🙌😁 URL 
i'm so weak i cant move i'm fucked up in this shit 😒 😔 
if i ever have another chance , i'd never fuck it upp . #badmood 😭 
don't tell me your always going to be here for me if you aren't </3 
USERNAME but i had to leave so i don't know if he will :( 
is my sister gona text me back ? or nah ... it's cool USERNAME 😔 
i was gonna tell you to come eat some pizza but fu ! :( 
i hate when you eat all the good gummy bears and you're left with all the green , orange , and yellow ones . #depressing 
wish USERNAME phone wasn't broken ... i miss my bubbie ! ! ! :( 
of course it says i can't get on edmodo for us history . :( ughh . 
everybody deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow .... had & lost :'( 
holy sh1t my imessage won't send any of my messages 😢 
if USERNAME ditch me tonight im not gone be her friend 😢 
gonna lose wifi again .. bye guys .. #sadlife 😔 
i want to hangout with ryan & lanijah ! 😔 
ia m soo happy my mom does not have a twitter because i am a bad girl on here . :( 
i'm in such a bad mood :( its 6:00 and i ain't made shiit ! ! 
USERNAME i just saw a stray kitty and i tryed to pet it but it ran away :( 
USERNAME i know <3 just financially it's hard :( we thought this would help us 
sandy didn't flood my house but my washing machine just did . #fml 
i tweet USERNAME almost everyday and never get noticed . :-( and today i'm sick . again . at least take me home comes out tuesday . 
when every night you keep trying to get ahold of USERNAME but he's too cool for you 😞 
USERNAME ill see u monday baby 😔 even though that's too long 
USERNAME no tire stuff . they were closed . my grams took too long :( 
who needs friends when u talk to urself as much as i do 😊 ..... god i'm sad form of life 😞 😔 #lonely 
i want to go to a really fancy restaurant and have some sick drinks 😔 🍸 
omfgg i have 1009 followers ! ! ! ! omfg thank you to all my lovely follower ! ! ! i love you all 🙀 😱 😵 😭 💜 
i can't believe justin and selena broke up they were perfect together ! ! ! :( ( #staystrongjustin #staystrongselena we love y'all both ! 
i problem is when females down in the dump i pick them up and say the shit that send them to they nigga . not toward me . 😥 😰 😓 😔 
if i could smoke inside this house my bath tub and candle ritual would be complete 😞 
auburn needs to win tonight i want the gators to go to the sec championship 😔 
damn i turnt the wrng way n hurt my belly :-( 
i don't miss #oomf i miss the feeling she gave me ... the feeling of actually being wanted 😔 
USERNAME this is the greatest thing ever ! come back ): 
fml my ear's a bloody mess 😞 hopefully no one judges me for wearing a bandaid over my ear in public ... 
USERNAME omg a taker on my offer ! ! ! berna sarah and kacie all got sick on me so i have to go alone :( tonight at 7 is alice- 
one of the little gifts my glil chrystle gave me ! she's already preparing me 😑 😣 👑 #m @ charles h . wilson park URL 
godd i swear i can never catch a break with my parents #notgoodenough 😔 
i'm so depressed :/ not gtonna be able to see my beebee :( 
USERNAME haah its okay ! i ate with a spoon when i was at school with rice i diddnt even relize :( ( but i stopped again ! lol 
wish i could of gone to simply clean today :( #carshowwithdrawl 
USERNAME :( ikno my mom finally letin me she said it was time 
USERNAME had to come back , there are people/events i have no other way of hearing from . :( 
kinda feel like swinging by the dragon lounge at USERNAME tonight ... too bad USERNAME isn't spinning :( #sushifamily 
none of the a&m fans rt'ing me .. but why ! ? ): 
i hate when im laying on someone and im really uncomfortable but theyre asleep and i dont wanna move 😞 
i ordered a fuckin supreme pizza , i didnt want you to shit black olives over it you mother fuckers > :[ 
USERNAME im sad i had to leavee ! :( are you still talking to him ? 
USERNAME my birthday was yesterday and you didn't come say happy birthday :( 
had a bad ass night with her and been a bad ass lazy day watchin movies all day 😊 . but she had to go home already 😔 . now boredom at the dorm 
USERNAME no prob , i feel so bad about losing your other one , i hope you like one of these . :( 
USERNAME look how you make USERNAME and me feel ! :'( URL 
USERNAME you could use that , i guess . every single mac in my house is on ml . 😭 
USERNAME i was waving at you , when you were driving and all you did was gave me a dirty look . 😞 
i hate how there is zero service at my brothers > :( 
damn i want that chance .. #icandoit .. #butnoo ): 
USERNAME i didn't go . :( what was it for ? lol 
USERNAME no money & no ride . :( hb next week ? 
super sick :( not even the layers of t-shirt , cashmere sweater , and my fuzzy marmot can keep me warm ! #waspgirlproblems 
every time he get to playing he break my damn necklace smh 😭 😱 😤 
we cant eat candy from the chest of USERNAME yet :-( URL 
USERNAME u respond to everyone except me ! ! :( 
i hate fallin in love , always end up #heartbroken </3 
i wish my back , neck and head weren't killing me 😢 
USERNAME thats how carlos was never let nun keep him from smiling but was torn from the inside ! ! </3 :'( 
bummer .... won't get to see my twin this weekend 😔 
lool ... will go get it in a momen t.t hat was some banging chicken nd aloko ... hehehehh ... i see myself eating that ds kelke heures #lt lol 
USERNAME i love you too dude ! 😊 it's been way too long since i have seen you :( 
i haven't found my wallet ! ! ! ! ! ! :( it was braand new i wanted to use it ! ! 
white boys at work know more about soccer than i do ! #sadtweet gotta watch some ! 
so much work to do , but i think i'll nap instead .. oh & having a cold sucks :( 
just chillin in my croon the rest of the me night if you aren't doing anything thing i guess 😨 😪 😞 
i feel like i'm not as close to USERNAME anymore 😭 😭 😭 😭 #comeback 
my better senses are telling me i need to stay living in florida 😟 😔 
USERNAME lol that cracked me up , what was his reply ! ! don't scare me like that thoo :( 
so apparently me and my boyfriend USERNAME broke up ... </3 USERNAME selena is finally a free woman ! 
USERNAME haha , i'm about to take a nap an get ready for tonight . i didn't even sleep in today ): 
bummer .... won't get to see USERNAME this weekend 😔 
USERNAME i no ugh :( hope it gets fixed soon 
my gal at work so text from her either 😦 
but there is so much to love <3 rt USERNAME no one likes me cuz i'm fat 😔 
i just thought you'd wanna see me when you came back . #guessnot 😔 
&to think he was just laughing with me this morning :( 
thrilled to be here , clearly . 😾 @ arizona stadium URL 
USERNAME i did not ! i saw luke tweet you ! no :( ( are you ? 
it's official my girlfriend is cheating on me 😔 .. 
gotta go to work tho :( #sicklife #sadlife #sick #bundledup #cold #ugh #fall #autu @ south park neighborhood URL 
USERNAME are you going to be playing s t.t homas ? 
USERNAME nope- i go philly -miami- key west 😥 i don't wanna go home yet 
USERNAME i'm on the same page , ppl just fuckin suck 😔 😡 
when your dog has the runs and he shits in the house<<<<< #littleasshole #fml 
i miss marina :( something fierce .. cant wait for her to come back thanksgiving week 
i wanna run away .. without losing my job . 😔 😞 😰 
USERNAME aww . cheer up t :( love you ! 
that girl with the hat and eyebrows 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME my dm won't go through ! :( it keeps saying failed message . 
USERNAME you can figure that one out yourself ... 😒 😔 
my mom crushed my dreams of meeting trey songz :-( 
okay . so i walk back to my empty room . all i want to do is cry . 😭 
man ..... too many photos .... 📷📱 😔 #photographerproblems @ littleton , co URL 
USERNAME USERNAME hope everything gets ressolved soon ... so sick of drama . :( 
off to the city but i'm mad tired 😞 . 
USERNAME i know the feeling ! ! and even the friends i made up here i don't even see 😢 
USERNAME definitely not a second half team . lol . i didn't get to watch it today . :( 
USERNAME i know man :( i want to skate ! 
USERNAME ahh i know . i'm at josh's for the weekend . have fun i miss youu 😭 
i'm ready to have my hilarious , ditzy grandma back ! this woman just laying here staring at nothing is not my grandma 😢 
USERNAME 😳 yea ii still don't fully understand the whole subtweeting thing lol #realniggaproblems 😔 lol 
USERNAME uh why oh why can't you live closer to me :( 
USERNAME grabee .. ang galingg moo .. napanood ko na .. nakakamiss na talaga upyang boses mo ! :( 
USERNAME me too dude ! ! ! :( i need my fix 
USERNAME USERNAME it's in the very beginning . it's probably not needed :( and USERNAME and i have a primetime b ball game tonight 
my head has been hurtin alot this couple of days 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i thought about heading over there . i've already left . :( 
then when he asked me if i got them i said yes & all i heard was him saying to someone :c 
boutta sit in my room and eat all these sweet treats #depressed 
USERNAME iknow , but i never got an invite :( 
the amount of money i spent today and the news i just got has def put a damper on my heart 😩 💔 
USERNAME i miss it soo bad . i was actually starting to make money on the side doing senior pics even and selling other photos . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME recently , i had drama with a person i care for ... sucks because he's too uncommunative . :( 
USERNAME hey i haven't spoken to you in soo long :( ( 
i kinda wish i woulda went to the uab football game 😔 
i don't know when i lost my mind , maybe when i made you mine .... </3 
got so lost :( found my way by myself 😓 
when your parents bring up your ex .. gonna be a drinking night :( 
i really wanted to go to the davis homecoming game so i could see christian </3 hopefully the parade tomorrow 
USERNAME i thought you might walk over and say hi :( 
i love being blonde 😢 .. but it's time to say bye bye👋 #backtodark #brunettesaresexydoh 
moments like this are when i miss my ps3. imissyou </3 #boreda 'f 
wish i cud go to da fair but i work :( 
lunch by myself 😔 i wish someone was done to drive down here too meet me .. 
it's amazing how you drop me just like that #hurts #depressed 
😔 rt USERNAME ribs tonight ? ! i think so ... 
USERNAME i think i'm getting lou feels ... 😦 URL 
i know you're upset , but i'm trying to help . i don't think anyone has rejected me as much as you have today . 😔 😢 
my back , hips , knees , stomach , ankles all hurt . this sucks ): waah . 
USERNAME at wesley medical center , emily is sick and having a hard time breathing :-( we will spend the night here . 
when your best friend doesn't answer to your snap . >>> 😦 😫 
sorry no concert . have to stay home w/grampa . too soon for him to go out ! :( . 
the one thing i want more than anything in the world is to go to the USERNAME concert in nyc next month but they're sold out :( 
been in bed all day w my sick ass ): 
i wish i could be with her right now i could be with her for 2 hrs more :( << 
i accidentlly cut part of my nail and finger off when i was shaving my legs :( 
i'm sick ion got no business being ignorant on twitter 😒 😔 
the neon sign in the nail salon i am in is definitely the most annoying sound i have ever heard in my life . #fml 
meh . i wanted to stay on skype with her . 😞 😓 😥 
adhd is playing , i miss my brock ! ): 
wish i was back home to be apart of the USERNAME music video 😩 😔 😭 
i was wrong about halo 4, it's not the worst , USERNAME 3 is so much more shitty . i can not wait for USERNAME black ops 2. #fml 
just realized i'm not having a christmas with my mom this year . 😢 
me and pops about to give blood ! 😣 @ treasure coast mall URL 
after i watch all 9 seasons of oth i won't know what do to with my life ... & i'm on season 5. 💔 
1 hour and 45 mins left ! save me . :( 
#g . h . e . t.t . o . @ forest n 21st ave .... des moines , iowa URL 
my back hurts so bad ! 👎 i definitely wish i had my hot tub here ! 😔 
i'd break you out of there if i could ... but i can't 😢 
kids' parents are going to the madonna concert , so i'm stuck babysitting :( 
my mom flipped out when thought i was getting my hair cut . so i have to keep my hair now . 😒 😔 
:( hahaha . omg . i'm picturing you doing with your lisp . lmfaoo 
i wish i had someone that was always down to do crazy shit with me . 😔 #myfriendssuck 
our conversation was pointless to me . we didn't really talk things out .. but i guess </3 
the one day i get to leave work and come home early i'm stuck in bed with a major headache 😣 
my mom is finally putting one of her old dogs out of its misery and putting it to sleep on monday ! #sadtweet 
phone batterys on 10% and i don't get off till 11 :( 
USERNAME i wish i could be there for you ): 
USERNAME no excuse not to get hype lol i'm in shity ass albany #depressing 
anyone have an extra tmobile phone they dnt need . ? i need one asap . :( 
USERNAME fuck ! i wish ! but i'm working a double today . 😔 
working early is messing with my sleep schedule ..... #wheredidthedaygo #itwassonice 😭 😔 
you upset me so now i can't get brown :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME miss you too :( wish you were coming tomorrow ! 
sometimes i don't get how boys are ... they're froma different planet . :( 
trying to make someone happy but they don't worry about your feelings :( 
USERNAME yayay ! get some for me cause i'm not going now :( 
USERNAME i hate you stop stealing my cards 😤 😠 😾 👺💀👊🙇 
no wait .. i take that back i miss you 💔 
that fact that i haven't seen bella in a long time <<< #missher #mycow #gettingtoobig # :( 
damn you epidural for making my back hurt right now :( 
this weather is awesome ... i just wish my winter coat wasn't in the mail :( 
to bad my spot is closed on sundays 😔 😔 
USERNAME saw an 8-pointer today but couldn't get a clear shot ): 
okay mr USERNAME i clicked on your hacked message and mine got hacked ! ! :-( fixed it but sorry if you got all sorts of spam people ! 
fuck this broken leg shit man :( 😔 😖 😭 😭 
such a sad end to the game :( still love my beavs though ! #goodfight 
had they put mannion in sooner we would have won . still love my beavs though #damn 😔 
USERNAME yes i would ! ! 😣 i'm just a bad texter 
USERNAME im going to need a ride for sure por favor car has to go back to the shop 😭 
damn i been sleep since 2 and i'm still tired but i gotta get up for work 😔 
USERNAME why is my mom a bitch :( ? ? ? ? ? 
wishing i was seeing USERNAME at USERNAME tomorrow :( much love on your last show ! 
i really want to play rummy . but devany doesn't like card games :( 
gonna have a great night no matter what ... still feel bad . :( 
USERNAME haha , eh ako nga tong kabit mo lang :( 
ever since tasmas been in a relationship we never have time together anymore ): ..... hh , what a bitch . 
that girl :-( i shouldn't a let her go .. she's still dancin in my head 
reasons for defeating jasmine ( #angel ): possession is wrong . earth is not your planet . you belong in heaven , dear one . URL 
USERNAME i'm trying . i've been in the hospital for 4 hours ): 
6 o'clock , and it feels like 9 :( #dislike 
wurstfest ! ! ! ! ! wish USERNAME was coming 😔 😔 😔 😔 
well anita said i need to move on 😔 , i'ma miss my girlfriend . 
trapped at home - fabulous . someone save me :( i need an excuse to get out of here . . . 
USERNAME it always give me a slight headache whenever i do that :( 
USERNAME that's my biggest challenge #fml ... we wonn fb 
shift cut ! ! now there's no excuse not to finish this homework ! 😭 lmao 
sitting at this game and i feel so out if place and i know i look like it too ... smh 😔 
i really just want my mom to come home :( 
USERNAME aww man i didn't even know that was a milestone ... i missed mine a long time ago :( 
sad that i don't have anyone to go watch breaking dawn with :( oh well , loner boner i shall be . 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm sulking ! 😭 😭 😭 so not fair ! but maybe this is god saying that something better is in store for us ! ! 
ikno theres gone be some cheating going on tonight 😔 <<<< i hope not tho 
USERNAME problem is on the USERNAME side . :-( still working on it . video of elutherea's amazing USERNAME talk will be posted . 
i'm not 😥 rt USERNAME reminder: we're off monday ! 🙌 
USERNAME :'( ! ! ! ! stopp i miss youu 
this night couldn't get worse . all prettied up & nowhere to go 😔 
darn . that’s two dnfs today . :( will have to come back for the blues bros cache . that certainly was the bridge tho ! 
this love has taken it's toll on me , i said goodbye too many times before . </3 
USERNAME just thinking about waking up to go is making me feel like death ... seriously :( 
USERNAME i might have plans with dakota though ! sowwy ): tomorrow night ? ? 
lol as usual .. smh for the g men :( still a #gramfam tho 
USERNAME i feel it , i never met one grandpa . he was going to come see us , then died two days before . my other died when i was in 5th . 😔 
my lil sisters bday party today and i feel like shit :'( 
nothing will ever replace my fallen baby tho #cherokeesport #missit :( 
i would literally do anything to see you right now #sadtweet 
thanks giving is all screwed up now 😞 i probably won't even get to see my dad . i'm just gonna have my own thanks giving at my house . 
what happened to us ? we use to be so close . now it's like we don't even know each other . 😔 
a relationship contains 2 people . it doesnt work out if one of the people dont care . #sadtweet :( 
i’m not sure if i’m a fan of this 2x thing on USERNAME makes the shots look all blurry and that is not cool . :( 
i miss you and want to be wiith you ! ! :( #bestie #missyou USERNAME 
bye bye phone .. i'll see you december 2nd . 😔 💔 ✌ 
anywayss i gotta go to sleep to my eyes will clear up :( 
wish i had a bf to get me lingerie to wear for him) ): 
then brianna is in the living room coloring . i wish these kids would young forever they are making me feel older by the minute 😭 💔 
my mom keeps looking at me saying she's just like me . 😭 
USERNAME .. you're still giving me crap about the voicemail you left me that i never replied to . 😣 
showed you a little compassion an now you thinking you the shit 😔 dam shame 
USERNAME you guys are going to take home the championship ! ! ! i wish i would have went :( keep it up 
when the onion falls out of the onion ring :( 
USERNAME are we not supposed to where them with socks ? #fml 
my hair better come out how i'm expecting it to 😭 😁 😭 
i want to ask you to come back 😞 now that you are completely gone i realize things should've of been different 
USERNAME i . miss . you . :( when are we hanging out miss 'i don't have time for twitter' haha 
USERNAME but why not ! ? im very sweet you sure don't wanna be besties :( 
i need a new username . im sick of mine . help me ? :c 
USERNAME i tried sending you this , but i think it won't go through . :( URL 
sorry to the new girl at tully's for ordering 5 complicated drinks </3 
heading to work . :-( #work #sunset #nofilter #boo @ i4 west URL 
USERNAME i don't know what happened several pple saying that and i haven't sent anything it's freakin wired . sorry sweety :( 
my heart just can't take no more of you 💔 
i feel like a kid that just got their toy taken away . even though we saw each other yesterday i miss you and i want to be with you again . :( 
time to do the netflix thing , all i'm missing is one thing :( 
USERNAME USERNAME 😭 lmfaoo see yah nigguhs got her saying that shit now ! 
what a beautiful wedding ! made me cry just seeing the photos 😭 😭 💜 💜 💜 @ rite aid URL 
omg why did USERNAME unfollow me ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! :( 
USERNAME awh that's sweet of you . my grandma got a boyfriend after my gpa but then he died too . and now her new bf is hella sick 😔 
i miss my bro USERNAME , it's been too long :( 
i just told you i liked him , and now you're all over him ? wtf ! :'( #uhh #hatethis 
i'm always one for staying positive .. but today just gets worse and worse ... i just wish i had an easy button 😔 
i feel so huge , i should stop eating so much 😥 
“USERNAME smtt i miss my bestfriend :( ((( USERNAME i miss you moree ! ! 😭 
i only have one week left of being my theme song and that makes me sad 😔 🎂 
USERNAME i'm up at school :( i saw you n josh are in the mitten again . where r u staying ? 
` damn ctfu lmao i only got a retweet :( well fuck you to ! 
according to twitter we're not in florida anymore . 😭 #hellogeorgia 
fuuck haven't bought any sole's in a while my corazon is 💔 . 
not really in the mood for anyone right now 😔 
my bf is probably going to it .. lol #sadtweet 
USERNAME i only had it for the weekend . 😔 😭 💔 
nothing to doo ): i wanna go out mayne ! 
USERNAME USERNAME noo she is not we need to hang out /: we didn't on wednesday :( 
if jaedon doesn't come over , the jaedonator will be sad :( 
sitting here watching the clock , time goes so slow but i when i want it to be slow it goes fast #fml 
USERNAME i know ! ima try to beg my parents :( are you getting it ? ? 
USERNAME stop ur making me want it really bad :( 
USERNAME still a stranger tho , there's nothing to smile about here *big frown* :( ((( 
USERNAME would military one source have someone ? i swear i read they had counselors for it before :( 
USERNAME no they aren't ): i have proof that she understood ! ! ! ! ! URL 
why do bad things always happen to me .. #fml 
USERNAME ohh . :( you always make it fun ! lol . it's otayy ! feel better ! 
USERNAME USERNAME please- last year , my mom wouldn't even let me bid on sitting in on a family guy screen reading :( 
waahh 😢 😭 #rip sassy i love you babygirl 💜 💗 
i would kill for turkey bacon avacado sandwich ! #yum #protien &veggiesonly :( 
idk why i keep blacking out ... something's wrong with me 😔 
can't believe i played in my last high school soccer game today 😢 😭 ⚽ 
USERNAME nope , it's like crimpy but the too layer is always flat when i wake up so i can't leave it :( 
USERNAME i know i miss you already ! ! ! :( lol 
sucks when your weekend is forced to revolve around studying & homework ... 😞 👎 
now that my hair is growing i put it up it gives me a headache 😭 💔 
USERNAME yes i just went to the gym .... and yes i am at hawaiian bbq eating macaroni salad :( 
:'( daniel was crying when i went to see him :( i miss him so much . 
if anyone wants to come take care of me , you're more than welcome 😥 
it's cuddle weather and i have no one to cuddle with 😩 💔 
i don't wanna leave my house its so cold :( 
USERNAME i'm beginning you to please come to homecoming 😔 
if someone wants to come and see me i would greatly appreciate it . #nofriends 😔 😢 
USERNAME you always yell at me when i sing and it hurts my poor little feelings :( 
USERNAME i know im awful i'll turn my skype on tonight :'( 
USERNAME that's not too much higher than what we've been paying in la for the past couple months . :( 
already passed out on me :( #sadday @ windom , mn URL 
it's so crazy how i'm still inlove with him :( 
USERNAME am i still cute with out the lashes ? ..... i had to take them off .... :c *sniff* *sniff* 
USERNAME he's a heroine addict , that's no idol . hush up ! though i know you're kidding . for once i just have no witty comeback :( 
i consider myself to be one of the nicest people ever and for someone to call me a bitch hits every nerve in my body ! 😡 😞 ! ! ! ! ! 
i cannot believe that just happened . and to make matters worse , i've gotta go back to st joe . #fml ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME 😔 😔 😔 😒 😒 😒 yep i officially don't like you ! ! 
i've been hurt so bad in my past that its so hard for me 2 trust ... i over think any situation and the worse part is i can't help it 😣 
i hate wearing my glasses , i get the worst headaches . 😣 
i'm going to miss USERNAME so much while she's in the bahamas . 😭 😪 😢 🌴☀ 
had a good talk with USERNAME 😊 miss that chick 💔 
i am sad because USERNAME is at carnegie hall tonight and i am not because i was too broke when tickets went on sale 😔 
merp this church mass is gonna suck . i miss you gram :( 
if you fall for me i'm not easy to please . i might tear you apart told you from the start i'm only gonna break your heart 💔 #throwback #truth 
USERNAME i know right ! that's impressive against bama's d but more impressive that he's a freshmen ! 😧 
i'm really sleepy , i've been doing work all day & still aint even halfway finished 😔 
vontade de sair pra jantar com meu papai e minha mamãe ... #saudades :( (( 
get em riicchhaarrd ! ! ! that's all these fuckin 'tards around me keep sayin , #fml #box @ traders village URL 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm already in pain , dont need anymore :( #jerk 
USERNAME i'ma miss u tonight ! i'm sad u not here 😔 
i don't understand how someone could kill a deer . it's so sad :( 
zoo zoo never tries to talk to me anymore tho </3 
USERNAME lol fine then , i don't want none anyways lol > :c ) 
had a good day today but bri thinks i think she's ugly 😢 
i miss my boyfriends car more than he does . #sadtweet 😭 😒 
nobody's gonna tell me what i can do unless your my parent . #trustissues 😞 
my parents let me go out . but i don't have anyone since my bff hasn't called me :( 
it's times like this where i really miss my hometown friends . 😔 
i wish i could go watch wreck it ralph with everyone today but i can't . #sucks 😭 😭 
my boots just remind me of summer 😥 USERNAME USERNAME URL 
USERNAME turr they broke up because they didn't see each other as much :( , they were such a good couple 
USERNAME well i dunno but i shaved my legs and vagina . so ...... my life= 😞 
USERNAME gross ! ! ! ! ! ! ! what is that ? ? ? ? 😦 
i seriously hate working . but i love payday too much to quit 😞 
noah is starting to pull up by himself . pretty soon he's gonna be walking :( i want him little for just a tad bit longer lol ... #mommasboy 
left $5 cash back in the self checkout machine and no one turned it in . hating myself and whoever was behind me right now :( #fml 
i miss USERNAME and USERNAME more than anything right now ! ! 💔 
when it's all said and done , more is always said than done . 😔 
guys flannels would look so much better on me if i didn't have huge boobs . :( 
USERNAME bring me food to make me feel better 😕 😞 😩 
happy birthday sexy , have fun . i love youu soo much & i miss you so much :( . god bless :*** USERNAME 
maybe touching yellow chills then touching my eyes wasn't such a good idea .. 😢 
toke off today b/c my back is still in crazy pain 😒 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME oh , that makes this even more awkward haha . but it was a disappointed/sad face cause i was one of the non-good looking people :( 
USERNAME right here ! ! i miss you more 💔 
USERNAME i'd give you a discount before i gave myself one but unfortunately i can't even get one :( 
idk why i have cheat days . i always end up miserable from eating fat food by the end of the day . 😥 
USERNAME soo i lost your number again ! surprise surprise ! :( 
summer please come back . i miss the short shorts , bikinis , ice cream , flip flops , bonfires , everything . 💔 👙🍦🔥 
the 3 c's in life :c hoice , chance , change . you must make the choice , to take the chance , if you want anything in life to change . 
one of my life's regrets will be missing this concert tonight . rip my hopes and dreams . ): 
USERNAME awh . i miss you too . damn , you disappeared on me tho </3 
i murdered an animal with my car 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 poor babyy 
i want to cuddle ! ! ! ! ! 😭 URL 
i miss those day where i ate and ate and couldn't even put on a single poun . 😢 
saw glen from walking dead here at 22nd ! ! <3 shud've taken a photo but too late :( 
USERNAME omg ... ross looks too grown up :[ have fun and stay safe ! 
USERNAME i wish i new how to surf ..... :( 
my fat beagle thinks he can squeeze himself through narrow spaces and ends up getting stuck 😞 idiott 
USERNAME i have 3 for this i can't go :( but , from my loss comes the joy of others ! get at me anyone who wants . currently on craigslist . 
thats the day my grandma died .. 😢 & every year on that day my house is really silent & my mom spends the whole day .. 
can i text someone ? doesn't matter who i need some advices ): 
dear john will always be a tear jerker 😭 #sad #fav . 
USERNAME i miss our car rides just to jam to music 😢 
the fact that i was home for three hours and didn't get to see USERNAME 😞 😔 #missyou 
i didn't do anything wrong ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i'm gonna be home alone ... all weekend . too bad i don't have friends here to enjoy this wiff :c . #lonelydays 
it'd be great if i had someone to take care of me right now . #sadtweet 
trying to curl my hair for the first time . faill :c 
fantastic 2nd place finish for the sheriff , USERNAME great 3rd place finish for USERNAME just 1 #nns race left :( #almostover 
gay bingo is sold out ! 😣 oh well i guess that means get a drink 🍸 
i just want to go to bed ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME so youre telling me ive wasted the past 8 yrs of my life 😢 
i really hate when i'm a roller coaster of emotions :( 
“USERNAME i miss pammy . 😞 USERNAME i miss you too buddy . 
if your not back in love by monday then you go your separate ways . 💔 
can't believe that was my last game to ever cheer as a mgcc bulldog cheerleader 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME gotta study for an exam on monday :( 
someone bring me an eggnog shake ... :( #i 'lloveyouforever #pleeaase 
USERNAME i haven't talked to chris all day )))) ): #itsdepressing 
feel like a muthafucking sauna in my house 😔 😡 
:( rt USERNAME two seniors die after eating wild mushrooms URL 
USERNAME aww love you ! damn wish you were here 😔 
USERNAME awee how sweet ! missing u so much , it's been 4 days 💔 
i want to go home , america doesn't even have what i'm looking for 😞 
seriously hate that i work the long shift tonight :/ not gonna be home till midnight tonight :( 
just discovered these emojis at the nad ! 🎄🎃🗼🌇🎎💝🎆🎉🎅👻🎇🐒🐶🐸🐷👳 😏 🍕🍔🍷🍹🍧🍦🍰🍪🍭🍧 😏 🍦🐒✌🎀 💔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
the same thought has been in my head aall day 😑 😔 
USERNAME no i'm actually just a huge retard ... i went to put on my jacket and my wallet was under my jacket ... 😔 #uhduurr 🙅 
feels like i haven't been on twittahh all day today . 😢 #sadtweet 
i can't go anywhere .... and i don't think anyone else is coming here ): 
USERNAME ahh so sad i missed it :( next time next time 
back home now ! was too much of an emotional day :'( i am not opmm (@ jryan's family beach house) URL 
fish dinner w chris after a long day of rental car breakdowns :( (@ fuji sushi w/ 2 others) [pic]: URL 
i'll say congratulations USERNAME .. but this means theres no hope for me now :( it's sure gonna be one beautiful baby ! 
my heart is so big and it beats like a drum loud ! but yet no ones ever around to hear . 😔 
i have a crazy headache from busting my ass and hitting my head 😒 😣 
i'm going to be upset if my other half doesn't come with me tonight 😢 
rip to USERNAME USERNAME haven't heard of them since halo came out 😔 #sadtweet #foreveralone 
i miss my nephew 💔 he always know how to make me smile 
tonight might be kind of emotional .. can't believe it's the last home game . 😭 #seniornight #tarletonstate #letsgotexans 
oh goodness . start of having stuffy nose now :( #coldweather 
USERNAME this morning at like 6 o'clock , i was having the worst time of my life 😔 
holy shit it's going down on twitter this evening ! ! #catfight 😼 🙀 😾 
if the boys do a twit cam and i miss it again i will be pissed so i better have it ready unless its a rumor ): 
i love you , 'eers , but come on . 💔 
USERNAME aww :( & i slept like a baby . 😚 👶 💜 goodafternoon 
relaxing with yoda on my bed . i don't wanna get up :( URL 
USERNAME but it’s on verizon so it does me no good . :( haha 
i feel bad for people eating alone at restaurants #depressing 😕 
i am glad the weather is finally cold but bad cause i got my annual #thistimeofyear sinus cold :( 
fuck this i'm going to the doctors to get rid if this .. my face is so sensitive i swear 😡 😭 
USERNAME black cat having a party tonight ? i'm bored with no babysitter 😔 
so i found the iphone case that i want , buut it's $50 😞 
my dad is torturing me with the pictures of snow ! ! 😥 ❄❄ 
USERNAME well i guess i can live with that if your laughing from them ... of course you only retweet me anymore :( 
USERNAME don't be mad ! ! cause u was a fetus during some great times in the world #fuckoff . lmao 😭 
USERNAME oh daanngg ! ! ! :( that sucks bro ! i'm sorry ! what was the score ? 
why don't i care about anything anymore ? ? ? ? #notgood :( 
USERNAME oohh lmao i was like ooh .. alright 😔 lmao 
USERNAME i'm about to cry right now , my facial skin is so fragile and sensitive i hate it 😞 😰 
cass didn't even cut that much off my hair and it feels so short 😭 
i like being friends , just rather would be your girlfriend 😔 
i hate when twitter sends you tht rumor and drama stuff i think tht's a viruss .... :( 
USERNAME hi angelito ! i kno . i saw ur flier ! ! happy bday fukin crazy ! it's amazing how ur recovery was ! i can't go tho :( i have work 
tony and fabio . a love that will never be </3 
i always get lost going to this house ! 😧 
i also have gastritis :( but y'all don't wanna hear about my stomach problems 
gonna use my dad headphones til to get new ones cos one of the buds broke :( 
my phone causes so much confusion and arguments ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME y'all too crazy for me . hahahaha . 😳 kylie is still throwing up anyways . 💔 
USERNAME that was uncalled for and gross . i apologize :( 
i want out of this . i want no part . take it all . just leave me alone ... please 😞 
-awee bout tew leave oak cliff :( smh sumbodii txt mii 
USERNAME come get me ! home alone and bored :( 
i think my body is finally dying ! #sootired 😔 
USERNAME i had my second one break the other day 👎 #sadday # 
noo my dropkick murphys shirt has a hole in it :( ((( damn 
amo los bailes pero odio la banda ... hoy no ire a bailar :( whaa ! 
USERNAME USERNAME was she really ? ! darn it i didn't see her ! :( 
and all these rude ass customers . i wish i can leave early :( 
i miss USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME . so sad i could go to the maine last night :'( 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! :( and good ! ill definitely be there ! ! 
come back and tell me why , i'm feeling like i've missed you all this time 💔 
omg . dis crampin on my left side is killin me 😭 #fml 
it's cold af , girl why you working shorts with uggs though ? 😭 
i've been to let bo out 4 times only to remember he's at school i miss my dog #sadtweet 
USERNAME wahh i know i need to school hasn't been the same these past 2 years without you :( 
work twice on black friday .. that's a joke .. #fml 
i still haven't been to buffalo wild wings yet ... #sadtweet 
studying a and p on a saturday makes me super sad blah school 😢 
but my fucking baby 😭 😭 😭 😢 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 😥 
motion sickness might be the death of me <<<< 😣 
USERNAME not fun ... one of the best has a locked account :( 
im upset .... i need more frendz tht r 21 😔 
USERNAME miss you too ! ! ! :( just wanna leave school and come home 
i hate when i have things to do ): no nap for me ugh 
USERNAME i was wondering if you died ... i was getting a little worried ... i started to miss you .. geez :( 
i'm such a baby when it comes to scary movies :-( 
USERNAME i'm at the spot where you took the picture but no where to be found :( 
it's cold af , girl why you wearing shorts with uggs though ? lol 😭 
i have no idea what were going to do with out our seniors next year :( #sadtweet 
how did i become the wrong side of the love song ? ! 😢 
feeling so bad for st . marys . stay strong guys . :( 
ouch i have a cut on the inside of my lip :c 
my oshie is upset he can't play rock band :( 
USERNAME lol bruuh im hearing that mixtape goes ........ but i aint get a chance to hear like 4 songs #sadtweet *shrugs* lol 
if only i can go to new york right now & try to make USERNAME smile . </3 URL 
USERNAME but , my gf's dad got killed in the army . i don't want her living in fear when i go or if i go . :c it will break me . 
but we are 😣 rt USERNAME lol some boys be putting up face pictures on instagram while having URL 
USERNAME USERNAME you guys enjoy . can’t make it after all :( 
USERNAME :( . haha it's alright i'll just buy the liquor and we can party in the hotel by the pool 
i don't think my boyfriend likes me anymore .... USERNAME 😭 😢 💔 😒 
USERNAME USERNAME i hope not , she will be too far from my shop ! ! 😢 😩 
i hate seeing couples , they make me so depressed . ughh donde esta mi novio ? 😔 😪 
:c you find it easy to leave me here ? 
USERNAME too broke/lazy :( u can come over & feed me pizza ? it'll be like lady & the tramp except no spaghetti and we're both the tramps 
psu just got robbed . yeah i said it . :-( 
i swear we better be in sumn bigger shit on tha way to houston next weekend :( can't fade it .. 
USERNAME you should have won mitt ! ! ! 😥 so disappointing 
someone bring me soup and a movie . i'm cold and sick and there's nothing on tv . :( 
i'm the only person in my house with nothing to do tonight even my 8yr old sister is out 😭 
should i go back to dark for winter or keep my same color ? 😳 😭 
USERNAME are there multiple bathrooms ? because i didn't see that :( 
USERNAME i know it sucks . i miss you soo much :( 
one of the biggest let downs is getting al ready to find out your plans are cancelled . #fml 
USERNAME i've been following you the longest .. not gonna follow back :( 
USERNAME haha . :( or let me borrow it while you go to church ! 
my dad asked me if i wanted to get my angel wings tattooed on me for my birthday ..... yes .... but idk what wings i wanna get :'( 
USERNAME noo :( thats why i have to go this year 
sadd having to think about losing a family member , but its always possible as my cousin reminded me today #sadtweet #dontforgetaboutfam 
shit ! 101 degrees :'( . and im going to see skyfall . long night ahead . #fml URL 
i wanna be taken out to eat . to olive garden .. i never went there and italian food sounds so good right now 😔 
USERNAME i don't think he will be :( i want g , and mod to be there . and the millionaires . 
i wish i could go with USERNAME to city wide ! 😢 😫 
USERNAME wish i was with you guys ! come get some ice cream ! ! i'm having a bad day ): 
wicked games x the weeknd .. on repeat ! 💔 
USERNAME you sat there and said i hated you when i woke up ! 😢 😢 lmao 
wish i could go be with all of my friends tonight 😥 
&& it's to cold outside for angels to fly </3 
USERNAME i miss you too babe ! ! ! ! :( we have to get together soon ! ! ! 
when USERNAME leaves her dorm light on so you think she's still there<<< #whyyouleaveme :( 
USERNAME yeah bee , but ill have to wait . im only in 10th grade . :( 
USERNAME lmao not eveen ! idk wtf i didd i clicked formatt . and baam it said deleting all piks :( got me all depressed . 
:( i guess ill just get drunk tonight since i cant do what i want 
feels so wired spending time wit the fam n everyone asking me for him :( 
USERNAME yeah :( una malda tremenda ni apetito tengo me da como una baina solo de ber la comida 
i still want my perfect sweet sixteen party . 😔 
i wish somebody was here to pick me out an outfit 😔 
USERNAME wish yu were there ... i got a lap dance ... bihh was bad d: ): ): ): ) 
i need to stop waiting until the last minute to do everything . 😔 
who wants to come cry with me 😢 my teeth hurt soo bad #tears 
knowing that i only have 13 days left at hollister kind of saddens me 😔 
we found a baby copper head ! ! but dad had to kill it :( #soosad URL 
i have a bad feeling .. 😥 😢 i dont like this feeling . at all 
USERNAME instead of where's waldo where's USERNAME haven't seen him ? oh i forgot he's figuring out how to stick it to us latinos again # :'( 
i wish i could just have a movie night with my family :( wahh 
one of my favorite sweaters just got bleached in the washer noo 😭 
crashed in the snow ,,, flat tire and its still snowing ! :'( im not happy , im a little sad ... #fucked , #blowmyheadoff 
USERNAME we are working mi amor and we have a lot of work :( 
USERNAME i don't think i'll get as much attention tonight :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME i can't even believe it . it's just so mean . sorry you had to experience it too ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME seriously the movie kinda sucked but that book is heartbreaking ! 😭 
:( poor classic aston martin (w/ USERNAME (@ amc theatres for skyfall w/ 9 others) URL 
i think once i get better with my hands going fast me & breezy will be good to go… but that could be years from now :( #ughh 
, november 17th mgk coming to the 1st mariner arena . . ugh </3 
USERNAME little brother doesn't want to go out with me 😔 i'm sadd 👎 😔 😔 
USERNAME mhmm okay suure ... no you won't .. :( . 
que significaba ? ! ya no me acuerdo muchachos :( 
i have an overwhelming urge to watch grease , but i only have the vhs :( and of course all the vcrs in the house are broken lol . buying dvd ! 
USERNAME the phone freeze 4 times i had to restart it . :( 
it was damn good . paul is crying over the destroyed aston martin . no chivalry in 4square . :( (@ amc theatres) URL 
man i had a dream that i had baby rhinos in my backyard 😔 
USERNAME she's always precious ! ! that's my favorite baby in the world ! ! i miss her so much ! ! 😭 
i wanted to go out with my friends </3 #sadtweet 
USERNAME are you gonna get a new one ? coem to the movies . : :( 
USERNAME i thought we had a new manager :( but turns out he was borrowed from hollister 
USERNAME thanks rach ! ! staring at the bus now but USERNAME doesn't even care abt my bday :( 
well , here goes my free front row sec tickets ...... 😔 
her :c all at 7 and u might get them ! 
USERNAME i yelled to the boaters date me ! date me ! but they didn't hear . #sadtweet #thoughtofyou 
USERNAME lucky 😒 my mom only buys me shit when she wakes up in a good mood and if clothes on sale haha 😭 
USERNAME any place in particular you could be spotted ? your show was sold out ! 😔 
why is my child being so bad ! ? ! 😁 😣 
me or kim have to go and make sure he does hit her > :c 
my heart hurts on behalf of so many people right now , i can't stand seeing them feel the way i used to . 💔 
asdfghjkl naiiyak nako ! :'( di ko makikita si babe USERNAME :"( 
im bored :( i want to do something . but what ? 
the sun is shinning but it is coldd :( #sadday 
sent my ring off to be resized :( i miss it 
i miss when i was close to my cousins 😔 
missed me 2000th tweet #fuck ! ! ! ! ! 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😠 😠 😫😩 😭 😖 😤 
sometimes i have to remind myself that what i do have is better than what i did have , and not to get upset by the same old things 😔 
i hate sleeping alone . i hate it more than anything in the world :( 
sometimes i wish i would've never developed feelings for you , or even better never met you . because now you're all i think about . #imissyou 💔 
USERNAME i guess he do 2 fam .... i was so shame for them lil 5 to 8 seconds 😭 😭 😭 
feel like i always gotta please everyone . i cant please everyone at the same time ... 😔 
USERNAME oh trust me it is . plus i have to miss once . ): 
USERNAME your really lucky that someone does the smallest things for you . i cant expect anything now or ever . :'( ive been replaced . 
USERNAME i know . i got scared when i saw that . lol but i really want some :( lol 
i've ways wanted to be a daddy's girl , i was meant to be . but i never got the chance . 😔 
when my phone rings i hope it's you , explaining that everything will be okay . 😔 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME bane bros ? ! i know we're not exclusive barry , but this stings . :-( 
quisiero poder darte un besito de buenas noches , o por lo menos , darte las buenas noches :( 
man ig i'm da only one not going to da darn game :-( 
standing outside the palace with mer looking at all the beautiful people wondering why we aren't them .... 😭 😩😫 😢 
USERNAME got rolling stone article on soa ... i say brillantology (study of brilliance ): -) 
USERNAME go make some plans ! i'm going to ask him to pick me up , i don't have gas to drive . 😔 
driving past commons just broke my heart , all these memories came to mind and all i wanted to do for that brief moment was cry . 😔 
geez ... i can't keep anything down ... my body is all jacked up ... i hate being sick :( 
i just dreamt i was playin softball . i think its safe to say i miss it 👎 💔 
USERNAME yeah 😥 but i gotta get out of here . 
i wanna move somewhere far far away where nobody else matters but me 😔 
33% w/ still a long drive to go :( my babes will never make it if i keep twatchin' 
i'm so lazy , i wish starbucks does delivery ): 
off to the auto showed to tease myself with cars that i cannot afford #whatashame 😔 🚙🚗🚕🏢 
i dont like carpet stairs i always slip ! :( 
i can’t deal wit this time change in my work weekend 😔 😒 🙅🙍😴👎 
USERNAME ikr f'ed it up too ... i'm sad about it 😢 ... do it big tonite tho ! ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME looks cool but i don’t have 1.99 for the app :( 
USERNAME lol oh noo that poor iphone ! ! ! 💔 
USERNAME i know :( next time tho ! miss you too ! ! 
'did you go out ? ' umm i can't have the car and this boss is my dad's age . 'oohh , that sucks , when are you leaving ? ' tomorrow :'( #canistay 
cool home alone and not feeling the best :( #dizzy 
my cousin wants to go to the club but i dont have any clothes :c 
USERNAME lol cus brent made me and jaysean come over your house and play him in video games and your not here 😔 
USERNAME ur not cool since i left ur bed . now ur alone #loser 😔 
off to the auto show to tease myself with beauties i cannot afford 😔 🚙🚕🚗🏢 #whatashame 
i'm watching the final scene of king kong 😢 stupid air-planes :( 
there's absolutely no one here , just me and the cat . the cat doesn't like me 😔 😭 
i don't like when my friends feel like there useless 😞 😞 😞 😞 ! ! 
5pm , already dark ... and it looks so gloomy . :( #timeforstarbucks 
i can’t deal with this time change on my work weekend 😔 😒 😴👎🙅🙍 
USERNAME aww haha i love you and miss you ! he does suck balls , doesn't he ? :( 
on my way home from calii . so over long car rides 😭 
USERNAME shut up ! bans just having a moment :( 
USERNAME USERNAME me too ! where are y'all ? i get off at 830 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME thanks for the invite but home w/ pneumonia :( 
USERNAME lol i would have felt too embarrassed ! 😔 
i'm a big baby and all i want is my mom . she's supposed to be here and she's not 😔 
when you see a bug on the road but it's dark outside and you can't tell what color it is so you can't punch the person you're with 😔 
USERNAME we really did and now we can't go through with them :( 
USERNAME filmm that is ! watched it last weekend , i wanna get married to fit girl in it :( 
USERNAME omg i can't wait to see you too ! ! idk if i will be there monday though cuz my face is still bruised and swollen 😥 
they got rid of the case closed emoji .. 😭 
USERNAME ah man ! ): we have to plannext weekend ! 
getting stopped by the police <<< the bitch swear i have weed on me ... #fml 
i can't help but feel ugly sometimes , don't blame me for feeling like that . </3 
i cant be taller than 6 feet in like just like most twitter honeys cant ever be more a 7 :( 
about to fry some chicken for these kids lord help me 😔 
“USERNAME either cancel your plans or set your dvr for #mandroid tonight ! cc USERNAME i might miss this 😢 
this cough has been goin on for longer then a week now .. & it seems to be gettin worse not better .. :'( 
when you smiled you had my undivided attention when you laughed you had my urge to laugh with you ...... 😔 
USERNAME see i'm the really ugly one next to the girl in white :-( URL 
just got to work , feeling like total crap ! ! ! 😫😩 😣 💩💩💩💩💩 
my bf hasnt txtd me or called me 😳 😱 #nolove 😢 
dear USERNAME i miss you very much . :c love , USERNAME :x 
USERNAME naw ! you just lost your chance ! </3 
USERNAME i know how that feels . i did some fb lurking i shouldn't have broke my little heart 😔 fuck it though lol ill be okay soon 
i want to hang with USERNAME and USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 
i'm guilty of being obnoxious af on the internet & being quiet in person 😔 😔 
😨 😨 😫 😭 o my damn ! “USERNAME fuck niggas jumped me .. but im aight doe URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm in norman . lol sawwy :( 
love dads weekend , just wish my pops could've stayed longer #sadtweet 
my back hurts like shit . i need a massage :( 
USERNAME i miss you ! come home ! ! ! 😥 😇 
wish i were talking to that special someone . :( 
this games makes me so sick right now ! ! ! 😣 😞 😒 
damn , i'm in that tweeting mood .. but i'm @ 1% 😔 
USERNAME he texted me like an hour ago ! ! but hasn't again since 😔 
USERNAME no im stuck at my aunts house :( i thought my parents would have got me by like 3 but im still here ! 
- san jo bound .. i spent to much money :( lol 
i haven't seen my parents almost all day . :( #scurred 
future is in phoenix and i'm not there . 😔 
lord please answer this players prayer ,, i don't wanna be a player no more 😔 @ alabama state university URL 
omg this upcoming week is going to be lonngg :( 
USERNAME how do you know ? remember when your username used to me on it :( 
so my sis USERNAME didnt txt me all day .. thats a true sis :/ </3 
USERNAME i was just wishing i didn't have to see snow for 25 years :-( 
i wish i was a mermaid so i could sleep in the bath . 😞 
USERNAME nema se u srbiji ni za bioskop , kamoli za pozorište :( 
USERNAME (781 ): you would think that me seductively unzipping my cat feetie pajamas would make him want to fuck me . 
i miss USERNAME :( come back into my life ... 
USERNAME this kids last name is everett on texas a&m ! ! ! ! ! 😱 😧 😦 😮 
great day for a picnic . until that bee died a horrible fiery death . 😥 🐝 USERNAME USERNAME @ zilker park URL 
last moment with my lamb . i'm gonna miss my little bud . 😔 
USERNAME my phone has been turned off . my mom doesn't want to pay it ! :( 
leaving the beach . :-( (@ port aransas ferry) URL 
when you go to the storee and find something you want so badly but they dont have your size . :( #fatgirlprobss . 
USERNAME nope ): now its all about gas saving and looking all #cuteandshit 
still sad over the death of my brother's ex girlfriend :( 
USERNAME watching eagles game make me want to vom . 😷 💔 
ohh this is killin me so i'm trying not to even think about it 😔 😒 😩 
USERNAME i know the feeling :( remember to celebrate your personal accomplishments . good luck ! 
every time i think about how much i miss merlin i cry :( 
USERNAME i'm watching it too ! wish we were hanging out :( 
USERNAME we've had this discussion .. i can't see your stupid emoji ... its just a box ! ! :( 
gonna go clean , then take a shower eat & just chill untell i fall asleep . cool saturday 😒 😞 
USERNAME my apple acct is screwed up so i can't purchase stuff 😢 
USERNAME no silly for monday still ! ill be so sad if they cancel it :( 
why is neuro nearly $3 a bottle ? i need some bliss but that's ridiculous :( 
USERNAME awesome ! ! i love how that feels .. :c are to come to bk ? lol 
USERNAME USERNAME i know how sad ! ! grandma was like laughing when they were shooting him ! ! ! #weirdfamily my mom is cryin 😭 😢 😭 😢 😭 
that boredom when there's plenty to do but nothing you wanna do 😞 
my work wants me to grow my hair out really long and go tanning hahah ouch . i wanted to be pail this winter :( 
USERNAME very true but it takes a long time :( 
USERNAME i know i'm so happy we have one more time together ! ! ! so sad though :( 
USERNAME youplayer devs heard me: they added comments in the last update but i just realized it doesn’t keep track of seen or resume play… :( 
umm so i was watching a #netflix movie but i guess i knocked out during it 😣 
last night i started a fight at subway and got on the wrong bus and it took me to the domain :( #fail 
i was trying to sleep & juan kept pulling my blanket ): 
just received another letter from my dad . tears flowing 😢 
ya :( such a gloomy day rt USERNAME me too :( rt USERNAME i don't think today is gonna be a good day for me 
i wish i could go shopping and get tons of cute clothes ! ! ! #nomoney #keepdreaming 😣 
i wish i wasn't sick so i could go out with all my friends 😭 
i just knew we were going to get this ring 😔 
miss my boyfriend more then anything 😥 my dad always comes home on the wrong days 👎 
i always tear up right at the end of how to train your dragon , it's so sad when he loses his foot :( #sosad 
i'm the youngest in this car and i prob drive better then everyone 👎gonna die 😢 
fuck ! 8:00 hurry the fuck up ! 😞 🔫 
okay i'm over exaggerating but i'm just not feeling well :( 
USERNAME please do :( serious case of child mental abuse . 
damn .. you too ? i gotta find him a new gift now . :( 
i doubt i can take being treated like this any longer 😔 
great , one roommate is sick the week before i start a new job where i talk on the phone all day . :( 
i swear if bama doesn't beat texas a&m i might just die 😢 🔫 
guys i was so upset when i realized i wasnt working with USERNAME today :( 
USERNAME haha . in town with some friends . we didn't hangout :( 
my phone is pretty dam dry . nobody wanna talk to me i guess :( 
deep down tyler is still mad at mee )) ): #waah 
why does everyone have work the one weekend i dont 😣 
but in the meanwhile varsity basketball is cool ! my jersey is number 32 tho :( ( 
USERNAME it will a few days later if will become the 2013 lockout :-( #endthelockout 
:( i'm never home when stuff like this happens .. 
USERNAME the closest is an hour away in omaha ... :( 
USERNAME ahh nick :( just come visit me ! ! ! 
cell service finally on point 👌 but everyone's evacuated anyway #fml #zerofrenz #thankgodforboyfriends 
i got some shitty forks that bend more than your girl 😞 seriously though , these forks suck . 
how is it possible that i sent a million texts in to win concert tickets but i still have no luck .. 😢 
USERNAME smh 😞 ! we needa be abel to go out moree ! they needdaa understand that we need to go out too ! 😒 😒 😒 
USERNAME i unfollowed like everyone because i was being dumb lol sorry :( 
this is going to be the longest 12 hours of my life ! 😔 
we found hopeless love ... sad to say it will never work 💔 
should be at this ole miss game but noo . USERNAME :( 
trying to figure out how to upload video to youtube not as easy as one might think ! ! #fml 
#halo4 completed . what a beautiful and sad ending #sadtweet 
USERNAME ahh wifey i love you . with you could come with us . :( 
USERNAME u cant fucks wit my mom she kept dashing back my cloths in my room while i was moving around the furniture , im at my dads #sadtweet 
USERNAME it's because i'm not sure if they were able to waive my application because i had no more free fee waivers . :( 
im rrlly sad rt USERNAME aww my baby USERNAME is selling cupcakes and i can't be there to buy one :( 
USERNAME good . im still never talking to kali tho :( 
USERNAME 😢 after all ive been through today .... jk kinda 
man fuck the memories those shits always bring me down 😞 😒 😣 😔 😥 
i need a half sleeve already . i don't wanna have to take my shirt off to show off my tattoos anymore 😣 
USERNAME i miss you more 😔 i wish you were coming tonight 😠 
i forgot daniela took my bilingual certificate away from me :c 
why does justin hate me we never hang out :( 
USERNAME i'm at my grandmas in alfred & she won't bring me home because she has to work early in the morning 😔 
the fact that USERNAME won't let me buy him anything for his birthday actually makes me sad .. :( 
met a girl thought she was grand , found out shes a lez be ann . #fml 
why does every moment in my life have to be awkward .... 😒 😔 
USERNAME or at least i try . basically , i want/need ecotopia to be real . :c 
gotta get up at like 4 tomorrow ! :( (( 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 
USERNAME od silnog pranja , umivanja i doterivanja zaboravismo na mentalnu higijenu :( 
USERNAME i'm at beacher madhouse tonight working . ugh why aren't we dancing together :( #toomuchsexiness 
i hate it when my friends have broken hearts cause it just makes me feel their pain 😔 💔 #staystrong 
USERNAME hahaha you're crazy . i miss youu :( #boredinyankton 
does anyone have suede shoe cleaner that they wanna let me borrow ? i spilt beer on my uggs last night :( 
USERNAME boo . i hate that for you :( we can start a club together . the club no one wants to be in ! lol 
i just need someone to help me get through this . i need a best friend :( 
aint no body been texting me . nobody loves meh . :'( 
last night to turn up ' wit my babies ugh . :'( lawd kno's i dont wanna leave . we gon make this nightt last forever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME i need some one to talk to :/ no one likes me anymore ☹ 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! i'm at work till 10ish :( 
USERNAME turn around ! i have food for you ! ): 
USERNAME i was there during after-party hours but you were gone ! :( 
dangg this black guy scared the shit outta me srsly 😞 
USERNAME ugh wish i was there .... so close , yet so far away :( 
my arms are all sore too many people bit me :c 
let me just go clean & then do watever else there is to do . 😞 
when you go to drop your phone between your legs and it decides to land on your dick instead <<<< 😭 😭 😭 😭 #hatemylife 
USERNAME why does everyone else keep getting so much ❤ on snap chat and i don't 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME its has to be olivias ! im banned from danielles house :( ( & it cannt be at my houussee . 
why am i always sick ? :( wanna go home . 
USERNAME awwh dang :c c have you heard it ? ! 
my mood is just all kinds of messed up . 😔 😒 
had to say my last goodbye to 2 of my dogs today #dora #moose , i'm gonna miss you guys #torn 😭 
i cant take dis no more ! ! ! tryna keep strong ! ! :'( 
USERNAME no i mean i really can't :( i'm sorry ! 
that hurt my feelings way more than expected 😢 😔 
well the monsters r in bad moods :( hate when they r craby ! ! ! makes the night go soo long ! 
USERNAME we used to talk everyday ? what happened ? 😔 
this is insane . cue the crying for bama fans . 😥 #gigem #iguess #nvm #cantdoit 
USERNAME shut up ! ! also when are you coming back down ? because im seriously so upset i didnt see you guys last weekend 😔 
has had 2 hours of sleep in the past like 48 hours #goingtobed 😞 😳 ✌ 
USERNAME i saw that :( i was reading an article and it said that she broke up with him on halloween 
USERNAME girl i'm at work :( i wish i was at this game ! 
USERNAME i am :( and i'm ok with that ! 
USERNAME noo :( u on the wrong team ma . smh . just broke my heart *snif snif* lol 
i feel like i don't have legs . wtf is wrong with me ? ! ? ! ? ! 😣 
omg every time i hear 1d sing i want to cry 😭 
USERNAME you will be warm n he will be cold ! ! :( 
i dont deserve the dog tag i could have done better :( 
pit stop :( (@ mccarran international airport (las) w/ 74 others) URL 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! so freaking much 😭 i can't wait till break so i can see my korny again 💙 💙 
it's a curl up in a ball feel bad for myself luke bryan kind of day 💔 🎶 
USERNAME i can't buy it since it's not available on us itunes 😭 
my tolerance for all substances have gone to shit 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME that depends on when basketball games are :( 
USERNAME i called the police made a report . the witness made their report . her plates don’t match the registration description . :( 
dang i haven't heard from my bestfriend all day :/ #sadtweet 
the one weekend i'm not in cs . it's gonna be cray cray too 😔 
... and we're already down 1-0 2 min into game . :( #old #boo USERNAME 
if you are a foodie , or foodies at the holidays , this is perfection (small batch , acclaimed artisan creations ): URL 
ahh yess in el centro <3 buhh its soo #cold :c 
the situation i been goin thru for 3years now makes me wanna be lonely for eva . :( 
saying goodbye to heath adamson was the worst . :( #grewupwithhim #hechangedmylifethroughredculture 
only a few more hours to finish this essay and then off to start the assignment ... sigh , 4th year you really exhaust me ! :( 
tonight is gonna be a rough night 😩 😔 😥 
where's my bros marv & cam ? ? ? ? ? ): 
homesick 😔 only 6 more weeks til i see my family USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME aww thank you ! ! ! it just sucks cuz i havent had short hair since i was 5 ): ahah oh well btw me and stephen miss you ! 
wish i still lived in new york ... #paulyd :( 
yall niggas wi t.t hem link tweets posting things bout celebs so it'll get your attention 
i guess we'll have to settle for 6th place 😔 
USERNAME aww i can't though . i don't have the car and i have to work a double tomorrow :( 
my back is killing me . someone come massage it . :c 
nobody wants to do anything so im bout to start drinking all by myself 😔 
i was gonna go paintballing , but i was way too sore :( #needtogetinshape 
i wish i didn't live so far away from most of my friends :( open house and only a couple people willing to drive to it . boo 
USERNAME lol ): i am sad now . quicky misses me though . 
USERNAME you were already walking out as i noticed you :( enjoy #nashville 
i wish i had friends who drove and would pick me up . :( 
what a long day , 1st i almost got attacked by an ostrich & now bama lost their first game . it was a good day , it's just been very trying 💔 😔 
-weird how me and my gf have iphones but never facetime 😔 😥 
USERNAME and you of course . you never talk to me anymore though 😥 
mhm don't think that way a good message ....... 😞 
please monday don't come ... i love this weather :( URL 
i have not texted one single person all day today ! 😢 
having fun at home watching football ? i wanted to also but USERNAME told me . :( #geauxtigers & sandstorm ! URL 
wtf ? ? ? no you're not ! rt USERNAME USERNAME 😱 😥 i'm a nice mothafuckin person ! 
not being able to hang out with friends on the weekend sucks .. 👎 😑 😞 #lonely #sigh 
USERNAME 😔 you have horrible timing , i just moved from there down to richmond indiana 
i can already see where this date is going ... i wore no panties and USERNAME practically wore a body suit . #fml #nogame 
save your breath , i know all the fucking lines . ✌ 😢 💔 
the fact that i have nothing to do 😔 😔 URL 
USERNAME once again ... i missed out on some taco bell . :( 
spending saturday night with my bed and no boyfriend #sotired 😔 
USERNAME sorry to hear that greg :( keep your head upp 
i wish my best friend was here right now :( 
USERNAME haha i miss you more and i wish i could ! #cantleavethehouse :( 
- weird how my girlfriend and i have iphones but never facetime 😔 😥 
USERNAME school is super stressful right now , and to top that im in clubs so lately theres been a lot of events . and noo i havent :( 
USERNAME i know right ! i hela want to go again but i have no id and i look like a baby 😔 
USERNAME they let go and one was sleeping and then he swam back to hold hands 😭 
USERNAME :( you could try URL you just search and it comes up with links most of the time 
on the real though , magic mike had the worst ending 😔 
it's been a great run , but all good things come to an end at some point :( #rolltide #cantwinthemall 
all i do for my kids and this is how i get treated 😞 
im so mad i am not at the td garden right now .. need to be at that concert 😭 #beiberfever 
spending my night doing homework cause all of my friends are busy except for me 😢 
i don't want to go to the game 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i know babe :( what are you doing tonight ? 
ugh . this movie , one day , is so fucking sad . my heart 💔 ouch 😭 
the way he calls & acts like everything's cool < no :( swerve lol . 
signage instead of some amazing college football apparently :-( (@ officemax) URL 
USERNAME you didn't even text me on it . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm sorry i didn't know ! please forgive me ... :( 
i am incapable of of doing anything while my nails dry . 😔 
i have never been so bored in my life 😔 
idk if i'm being igged or if he's at work . but whatever , i'll just sit here and watch a movie and wait on a call or text , 😔 
USERNAME i know ! i'm sorry i didn't stay longer ! :( ill see you sometime this week probably ! 
uhh oh , my baby over here twerking with her t.t ! 
.... fuck ... 🙈 😟 😩 😢 😰 😭 😭 
now we're gonna watch charlie st . cloud and that will be my excuse to cry because the mountaineers lost .. again . #sadday 
USERNAME :( ((( i just want a rain shower and pool :( ((( 
USERNAME türk restorantlarida yok :( her yer meksika restaurantı kaynıyor burda 
i hate the days when it's all work and no play . todays definitely one of those . :( 
its so cold ! my hands are numb af . :c 
this is losing ? ...... 😭 time to get wasted . 
i started singing and she stopped cuddling with me :( URL 
USERNAME i love shoes and i only have 12 pairs 😔 
the cables isn't working in my room :( noo . 
just when it looked brighter , a cloud passed over /: but there's always light on the other side right ? #sadtweet 
i wanna lay in my bed so bad but i only have twenty minutes to get ready for work 😔 #aweman #tired 
i have to be strong , no matter how bad i wanna break down . :'( 
can't wait to be with my senior lovers USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME since it's hitting me my time with them is slipping away :( 
bama lost 😞 USERNAME gone be on that all night .. 
USERNAME i made it but i missed you two ladies :( 
i sent USERNAME a letter waay back , she still never write me back , 😔 
i'm so scared to see how my hair is going to come out 😭 😖 
USERNAME USERNAME you two are gonna hate me butt i just found our free cookies we got the other day in my car 😔 
my head is burning so bad 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
#nowplaying all time low - jasey rae . brings back a lot of memories :'( 
damn my left foot big ass hell . this sucks :( 
it's kitten adoption day at petsmart ! ! i just died inside a little 😢 😱 
rip peanut . after 18 years of being blind and deaf it was finally time for you to go . you'll be missed greatly buddy 😔 🙏 URL 
obama is president again and bama looses ... what is this world coming too ! ? 😠 😔 
ugh no it wasn't ! :( i was just tryna do something & then delete but then you had to retweet it or whatever -.- :( 
nuggets for the ride home after being soaked by 3 killer whales ! ! ! adrian not happy :( (@ mcdonald's) URL 
i wish i had a sibling my age ! ! ! 😣 
i wanted to see aj mccarron cry like a pansy :( :( :( 
i haven't been to fruit street in so long :( 
will somebody please play nazi zombies w me . please , i hate all these fuckers online and i'm pretty good ): psn- geaninex or text me 
it feels like i have a knife in my throat :( 
i have post-concert depression 😔 wish i was still there #believetour USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
so many sad alabama fans , so many bad haircuts . :-( 
, :( like i said i still love my tide 
USERNAME so would ! but i am on my way home ): i'm passin' elk point as we speak ! 
wow ! ! can't believe it ! ! ! 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME in a couple hours . this is the first time we've been apart since i came back 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME not to be a jerk , you're falling for this obama craziness it's very sad :( 
argo sold out . :-( came home for dins . (@ wild willy's burgers) URL 
USERNAME USERNAME had a great game watching our guys ! one injured ... hope he is okay :'( 
at my schools volleyball game right now and i feel like i'm cheating on you USERNAME 💔 
#dntwannagotowork face smh but glad i have a job 😔 @ river oaks country club URL 
i'm in the car with these two older ladies and they are just talking about buying all this expensive shit . when i have $5 #poorprobz 😔 
i've never been so bored in my life . 😔 
hurricane sandy took the motorcycle and our company limos 😥 😥 😥 had no idea until just now . 
USERNAME alabama's loss to texas ... not good ... :( 
USERNAME he's already talking with someone else ... 😭 😭 
ugh penn state :( these refs were awful . i must say i'm happy bama lost tho ! 
bitches be coming to school smelling like similac & shitty pampers . 😣 
im lunchin bcuz u asked me to suck ur dick and i said eww ? ! ! ! 😦 😶 😶 😷😷 
how USERNAME looks without make up>> lucky as fuck you can pull it off :( you're super pretty with or without . #jealous 
i hate this getting dark early shit , it makes me extremely tired . 😞 
why can't texas a&m be quiet . no offense to any one who i like that goes for them . :-( 
USERNAME yeah he was crying :( ( but aunt stayed up all night wf him . 
USERNAME i did yesterday ! you let me down . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME where have you guys been . i miss you 😢 💕 
taking a break from hockey for a bit tonight to watch icarly ! i hate to see the show end :( i’ve been watching if for years ! 
:'( my beautiful kit . i want to play with someone so bad now ! ! URL 
i would give anything jus to have you back 🙏 😢 
i fell at work . i'm almost bleeding :( @ best buy URL 
USERNAME USERNAME live ? :( and i'm on my way right now ill be there in like 2hours . 
sad day . nebraska wins and bama loses ): #baddayincollegefootball 
they don't know about the things we do , they don't know about the i love you's :( 
well texas a&m ended up winning :( alabama had a good run though 
why would emmett do that 😭 😭 😭 crying so hard 
but you wonder why i don't . . . 😢 💔 😔 
i just need my partner but she left early :( 
USERNAME i know ! ! why did you have to go home ? 😢 
i didn't even take ah nap today <<< boo :( 
had a good game today ... and now i got the only headache :( 
open bar sounds good for the night , no takers tho :( 
why won't USERNAME answer my phone calls 😭 😭 😭 
re: grant/burbank . always a shame when zebras interject selves into the game :( kids supposed to enjoy it -- it's not the no fun league ! 
pero ¿por qué ? ¿por qué no conozco a un dougie poynter ? :c 
feel like i'm living the single life :( USERNAME won't wake up 😖 so i'm sitting in my room half asleep ! 
lmaoo aww :/ USERNAME deleted the tweets that she sent to USERNAME :( 
why am i a sucka for that cuddle shit ... 😔 
is it bad that i already have a headache :( dafuq 
USERNAME bye kynn im gonna miss you soo much ! ! <3 33 :( ((( i fucking hate that we couldn't hangout today #ihopetoseeyouagain 
USERNAME she better not go back to him :( ( 
headin out to good ole dos palos tonight ... sober driving 😢 
i'm kinda starting too miss my little brother . he's all the way in memphis . 😥 i didn't even get too see him yesterday . 
cause i'm gonna be pissed if i have nothing to do 😔 
dawg they just did a slide show of the origin of stepping . when they showed blackout , my man USERNAME was dead center in the pic . :( : 
wtf ! no one got me a flux ticket ! forever alone ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME it's dads weekend :( i'm in athens but i want to go to sometime 
soo i had to find out from somebody else that USERNAME was in bham 😔 
USERNAME well i dident notice until it was fo late :( 
USERNAME yes we really do & i know , it makes me sad :( 
USERNAME i'm debating on coming or not #smh lol it's been awhile since iv been out and . no one wants to come with :( 
USERNAME lol i just wanna smoke a blunt ! ughh #fml 
when u think someone cute and then u see them up close 😣 
USERNAME ok but i can't deny the truth i've been called all sorts of things&just want them to notice but it felt like i had no chance :( 
yay for my car battery going out at sonic . 😒 😞 
that was the saddest thing i have ever seen . poor alabama 😭 
almost every time i talk to my granny on the phone we talk for exactly an hour , i miss her . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm getting hungry , i want roscoes now , hurry up :'( 
USERNAME no what , leave me alone ! ! 😔 
USERNAME oh no ! ! ! im on my brek thats why :( 
USERNAME your rting , faving , following #mahomies ... and i'm not one of them .. 💔 ok .. 
i don't care i want an sec team in the national championship and that's the only one that could do it .. 💔 
why do all my football teams always have to lose ? #depressing 
wish i had someone to talk to about this #knotinmystomach #fml 
fml for the fact that everyone's tweeting about USERNAME being at disney california when i'm at disney orlando 😢 
USERNAME there's a whole hall of them . :c c 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wish i was with you three :( love you all so much 
my cousin wont take me to drakes concert :( just because hes going with his friends . 
my 13 year old nephew is almost taller than me .. #hesgrowingupsofast :( 
USERNAME i wanted y'all to sis ! ! ! if y'all ain't leave yet y'all not . :( next time i guess huh . :'( 
starting 2 hate u n everything about u ? </3 
how do you take screen shots on snapchat ! ! ! ! ! ! ! mine never let's me 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME haha oh shit we forgot spad 😔 spad better be chillin with us too 
just sat down in the shower to shave my legs but fell asleep for like the whole shower .. t.t his is why i don't day drink-cant get ready drunk 
really needs some indian food :( only 10 more days ! ! 
what do i do when USERNAME leaves me in prov alone 😭 
it's my last day at tokyo wako today .... wohoo ! ! ! ! gonna miss all my co workers though 😣 
USERNAME noo harry you belong with me 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i still go there & go to jenny , but she's gonna leave soon & that's when i'm going elsewhere lol i hate change 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME don't you dare be mean to him ! i'll come kick both of your butts ! :( 
so what happened to tha t.t alk we was susposed to have 
i wish i was in college station ! ! 😭 🍺🍺🍻 
USERNAME i know ! it's just sad to watch them anymore . 😔 😞 
is this what heartbreak feels like ? ? ? 💔 🐘🏉🚬 
USERNAME i'm tearing up andrea . no shot for georgia in the sec championship 😭 
sometimes i think i might as well be single :( #lonely #ijustmissyou 
well , looks like i'm putting on my good girl pants tonight and not doing squat because tomorrow morning is my first day of work 😒 😣 
USERNAME ay vez on some real shxt cuz .. when you start signing niggaz , mane i should be yo first artist . √trappin . a t.t he . moment 
USERNAME USERNAME lol #true ! lol but ok :( tell you the drunk shit tomorrow ! 
even tho i'm a auburn fan , i still hate to see bama lose . 😔 
USERNAME ehh lots of shittyness happens lots of talk no action :( <|3 i miss shannon and she hates me 
USERNAME no it's not my phone was dying & i wasnt home :( 
USERNAME :o where's that ? ! must . get . puppy . :-( 
cam's voicemail greeting has me weak as shit right now 😭 
sad day in t-town :( but still roll tide . 
USERNAME dude ! all the managers are here :( i feel like ii'm boutta be the only crew member working at window other than the grill 
it sucks working at victoria's secret cause i just wanna buy everything 😭 
USERNAME i won't say yes to that haha . you might let me have it :( 
USERNAME im upset about yesterday , leave me alone . :c 
USERNAME USERNAME i want to priss i really do :( 
USERNAME my husband said i'd have to pay somebody to go with me :( 
USERNAME USERNAME ty ! my live stream isn't working :( 
i got a fucking heart attack because i thought USERNAME read my last tweet and followed me ... ? but it wasn't him .. 😞 #sadperson 
i hope alcohol helps cute this sickness from bama loosing :( rtr 
so happy to be off work til wednesday ! i think i'll study to celebrate :-/ #fml 
USERNAME oh :( i wish you did . you deserve it more than i did 
when you just have to leave someone because all you do is cause them pain and you cant stand to see them hurt </3 - 
bama lost guess i go find USERNAME and a #heavenhill bottle 😔 
what i just heard<<<< having to start back to a :( 
as of right now i’ll be staying in my room all night alone . 😔 
i can't figure out why i'm so sad .. moments like this is when i call ashley to come get me 😔 
USERNAME i didnt even get to see her ! :( dont lie you missed me pouring loco down your throat ... woops 
i'm a professional at putting a fake smile on my face . i will feel the urge to cry but i always manage to laugh it away until i'm alone 😢 
USERNAME i am too ! i'll be home as soon as i can :( 
my whole body hurts :( i feel like i got ran over or somethin . 
USERNAME northgate ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! and USERNAME can come too . i guess 😞 
USERNAME ugh iknow ! it was a nuts week but i have lots of fun things planned next week ! sorry to let you down though :-( 
when my parents fight , i blare your music . USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME please save me :'( 
#oomf used to be my best friend in the world .. and now we never speak 😔 
poor frightened #kitty waiting for the vet 😿 #cat #catstagram #instacats #insta @ all care vetinary hospital URL 
USERNAME ha ! ! ! you had your mean face on the whole time ! ! :( 
hate how fast i jus got full . barely made a dent in my food 😞 
im staying sober tonight at drews because i missed out last night cause i passed out :( 
i cut underneath my nail , now it won't stop throbbing :( ( #ouch #someonefixit 
i'd do anything to not get a head ache for just one day 😭 
we are never ever getting back together . 👋✋👋 💔 💁 
crazy how much has changed . my life is dallas , my career , & working towards my own home . i'm doing great but at times it is very lonely ... 😔 
USERNAME i miss you ! going out tonight won't be the same :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( if they win i will be there on tuesday 
why the fuck would you book eleven reservations for the exact same time #fuckmylife 
i had a dream last night that i was in the hospital preparing to have my baby two months early :( and i was bawling my eyes out . 
ugh . that terrible moment when USERNAME doesn't think the joke you were so excited to tell her is not funny . 😢 
i literally used to be so happy watching my boyfriend on the ice ..... need to find a hockey player 😔 
#theawkwardmoment when you tell you boss that you're giving him your two week notice ... 😔 
USERNAME is that what you say about me davin ? ! 😥 
USERNAME what will it take for you to notice me ! ! ! :( i love you 
all dressed up and no place to go ✌ 😔 
USERNAME never called me back . wtf ! ! ! ! ! :'( 
just said my final goodbyes to my friends from concordia :( 
no one ever did this to me , no one ever will 😔 😒 URL 
don't think imma be done in time to go to this bachelor's party :( 
USERNAME i thought they were going to the world series forsure :( ((( 
USERNAME omg no i'm not skinny i fucking wish i was .. i starve myself 😔 
USERNAME ahh , next time take me with youu :-( . 
USERNAME u guyz lead a pretty charmed life but at a pretty steep price i'd imagine .... #privacy &anonymityoutdawindow 😢 
lmfao nicki stays dragging then cleans up the mess :'( 
USERNAME alright well if you really love me you'll help me with pre calc cause its #impossible :( 
i hate when you sit there & talk to me like i mean something to you . even though i know i don't . 😔 #sohard 
night ruined , ready to go home . 👌 😡 😭 😤 
USERNAME :( ( when you gonna be back . ? 
when ava snap chats me pictures of her and jon and im sitting here alone ... 😭 
don't even go there with me . this #bama girl still 💜 's her #rolltide 😢 💜 🐘🏈 
USERNAME brian you are the worst little brother in the whole world :( 
USERNAME girl i wouldn't dare have did that hunty ..... never 😭 😭 😭 
all black everything , back to work after that bitch sandy . 😓 💰📱📷🔲 #fml #self # @ the clubhouse bar and grille URL 
USERNAME it's not available in the u . s . :( 
i thought i found the perfect home , but $850 a month is unfortunately not in my price range . #sadtweet 😭 
crying 😭 today is the worst day ever .. alabama .. i'm so upset #holyshit #istilloveyou #butreally 
i feel like everyone hates me in this house . :( 
i hate that abby is mad at me :( (; 
me to cat: are you being a pussy ? (me to zach ): haha , i'm punny . #fuckinstoners 
that's not even the first time i've passed out during a party its like the 3 :( 
i hope alcohol cures this sickness from bama loosing :( oh well i still love my team rtr 🐘🏈 
i don't want friday to come ..... :( #cryingaboutit #worried #confused 
lexi and i need to find something to do ....... been in the house all day 😔 
i wish i had chocolate and candy and a cupcake ): 
this weather makes me want to roll into bed with 20 blankets but no it's time for work 😔 
i miss dating a personal trainer . 😔 correction my body misses dating a personal trainer lol 
USERNAME but what about me ? i want you to by my girlfriend . :-( . ok , i’ll settle for being friends . :-( . lol . 
getting my ass beat/ unpacking ... 😔 😔 @ tyler junior college bsm URL 
USERNAME oh yeah ! but idk if the coach is gonna let me play :( 
waay too skinny . me no likey 😔 @ st rose hospital URL 
USERNAME my mom got it from redbox and watched it wen i was with u guys yesterday and she sed i can't watch it :( 
this is literally the only thing that gets to me . 😔 
USERNAME agreed . buts it’s going by too fast :( 
usually my head doesn't hurt this bad ... i didn't even do a lot 😭 
USERNAME no you hate me see :'( i was right . 
that moment when your sister doesn't regonize you and just wanna stand there and cry 😢 💔 
now get to go grocery shopping with my mom . #boo #shopping #food 😞 🍊🍌🍞🍚🍗 
USERNAME i would loove to but lets do it tommorow , im a grandma and im tired . :( 
USERNAME no one likes ohio state . can't you see i'm depressed bama just lost 😭 😭 
day off . amazing weather , cuddling alone . </3 @ 18 at biltmore - south URL 
i get so depressed when i'm alone now 😭 all i do is lay in bed and eat . how sad is that ? 
romney's trying to take away are food . hes a bully . :c 
USERNAME i hope he doesn't cause ill be so upset lol ): 
USERNAME i miss my grove lawn house our caldasac tight 😞 
today get me #drained ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME that sounds terrible , looking to be a boring night 😞 
USERNAME nah i'm starting to get tired of him so i might just have to fight him > :( 
#evconcertmemories gave the security guard my letter to USERNAME he said he would give it to her still dont know if she got it ! ! :( 
i really wish brad was going to the movies tonight :( 
USERNAME i have no one to cover me at work 😔 
USERNAME oh well :( </3 i still think you're beautiful and smart 
accidentally made a double car payment this month .. ughh 😣 i kinda need that money back 
USERNAME omg . ! lol , that's hilarious . i should've done that . i was walking in the hall and this boy slapped mine . :( 
that moment when you pull into the parking lot and discover your favorite restaurant has closed for good :( 
what am i gonna do when the best part of me was always you ? </3 #breakeven 
USERNAME i got titties now :( been eating too much bruh ! 
not the words i wanna hear outta coach's mouth #fml #getmebacktodekalb 
.. i don't even know what to say except roll tide . still love my team ❤ 🐘🏈😪 💔 
alabama lost and romney lost ? bad week in the south 💀💩 😿 
let's just go get a movie and have a <i/> cozy night inside | :{ d 
having school monday when everyone else in the world has it off <<< 😒 👎 💔 
USERNAME no :( just to bed . i am so tired . 
USERNAME if you have time tonight , can you do a livestream ? it would make me so happy , i've miss all the other ones sadly . 😢 i love u ! 💟 
i don't have enough energy to act like i'm okay anymore . 😞 
USERNAME once upon a time there was two best friends named kara & jessica .. 😢 #missyou #comehome 
USERNAME native siblings with the family crest and kevin tudball at the crepe place (november 11, 2012 ): santa ... URL 
i wish USERNAME USERNAME & USERNAME would quit posting sad stuff on instagram . i dont like thinking about them leaving 😔 
USERNAME hahaha interesting . you might be the only person in sm i've heard say that lol fair enough 😔 
USERNAME i know ! i'm gonna have no friends :( 
USERNAME lauren i can't believe what emmett did and what bay did 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 
i think byron called me the other night ... but i didnt answer .. :( 
USERNAME why is it not letting me follow you ? :c 
i'm at the nmm fashion show in flagstaff wondering where USERNAME is :( 
USERNAME well i haven't realized it yet . but i'm under pressure to be skinny ! ! ! 😔 
my pride and feelings are hurt . but i can only imagine how the team feels 😔 
i won't see my buddy when i go home :( 
i feel like everyone is dropping out when it's time to celebrate 😔 
it feels so late all i've done today is sleep :( 
USERNAME i don't neglect you baby :( , & no clothes are for suckas ;) 
USERNAME except i can't talk , my mic's are broken ! :( 
USERNAME ur cd two eleven omg ! ! amazing love ur voice ! ! can i please get a #followback :( ((( 
USERNAME i'm in the same boat ! ! ! i just had to chop off 5 inches because it was all dead 😣 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME no donald trump ! ! ! ! > :( 
this whole issue with my neck is already getting old and it's ony been 3 days . it's making me nauseous and i can't berely move my neck 😥 #ugh 
USERNAME i can't trade spasilobo strings with you this weekend 😞 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i wanna hear :( cause i missed the sale . 
USERNAME so are you saying you won't be moving to edmond ? ? 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 
this will be a fun night too bad one of my other friends couldn't make it :( 
because if i tell you i thought it would ruin our friendship 💔 😘 
thanks for making me feel like a piece of shit mom . #greatparenting 😞 
my favorite place ever is home in coventry at my dads house . sadly i don't get to come here often 😔 
i hate when my hands get cold , they get hella dry and start to look like old lady hands :( 
USERNAME ill make it up to you i swear 😢 ❤ 
eating bojangles , and trying to do scottys face ... still no where close . :c 
USERNAME no :( he's pat and rachel's new dog . they got him today . but he's still my new best friend haha . 
everyones at the attic but me ! ! ! ): 
didn't get the liver this time .. :-( (@ luby's) URL 
i just wanna skip college and live in new york with yams & marge & our rich boyfriends 😔 
too cold to be wearing this dress now .. :( 
USERNAME columbus , ohio ? thank god ! ! to bad i can't go :( 
january 29,2005 worse day of my life :( idk why i keep thinking bout it 
USERNAME i love you .. do you love me ? prob not :( ( 
my back is literally killing me .. 👎 😣 #cheercamp #ughh 
USERNAME why you don't follow mw i will never understand i have done nothing but support you :( 
crying in the corner , not being able to escape . </3 please save me USERNAME 
dude what ... you have to buy a ticket for a stageit show ... ? cool ... another final USERNAME show i'll have to miss ... </3 
she a handful , but i can handle it . see what i did there , a pun . you get it ? no ? ok :c i still love USERNAME doe~ 
looks like im in colorado this year for christmas . :( 
USERNAME i know :( school is so much different now . 
USERNAME as much as i'd love to tell you that ... :( 
lmfao look at nicki ! lmfao and sb at the end :'( (( URL 
USERNAME no kidding huh ? i can only imagine the fun we'll have next month or when kt's surgery is scheduled :( lol 
USERNAME ignoring me the whole time ... plus being a jerk when you did talk .. 😢 
i wish USERNAME would get out of work so i could hangout with her :( 
USERNAME yea it was :( ... but i went shopping and i'm over it now (well a little) 
USERNAME feel sad 😩ndi parin ako naka pag move on .. miss ko na richard and dawn 😭 
i need my cuddle buddy right now . 😔 #whereyouat 
whenever i'm happy something bad always happens ... i just don't want to lose you 😔 
<<again hold me . my everything hurts starting with my 💔 
inappropriate rt USERNAME and flat chested like a motha fucka 😔 rt USERNAME a woman with a strong mind . 💙 ❤ URL 
USERNAME jealous ? ! my eyes look like poop . the color is so nasty ! ! i want blue 😭 
either this v-neck is too big on me or my chest doesn't pop out enough to fit > :( 
😘 you're all i need rt USERNAME buhh i like you 😢 
i just wish maybe for once i could figure out what i want 😞 
USERNAME its you ! you are the redneck 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i fucking hate you no just kidding i love you so much it hurts :( 
USERNAME i know we'd did 😔 😢 i'm sorry i just can't ! ! 
why am i always the one to blame ? 😔 
i really wish i had my red hat 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME 😔 we wanted you to come there were bad sleeping circumstances :( and idk were looking right now ! 
lost the best aunt ever today . i'm in such shock i dot know what to think 😢 
USERNAME i go to vista :( but who cares ! ! ! #gigem 
USERNAME black girls at walmart called me that today too 😔 😔 😔 😔 
pretty sure i just about hate everyone today :( gotta be nice for 2 more hours 
😣 need a nice long neck & back massage ! 
USERNAME no 😿 my little diva isn't with her dad this weekend so i'm doin mom stuff which is alcohol free . i'll be back next weekend ! 
we are never ever ever leaving the store . USERNAME or getting back together 💔 #justicegirlproblems 
USERNAME i'm saving up for them😪 no las ajusto and i have to order them online 😭 
why do i have to have the mentality of a 40 year old when i'm 23 & everyone else my age has one of 15 ? 😔 
kinda jealous that USERNAME got tweeted by phillips craig and dean ! ! ! #whydontfamouspeopletweetme #sadtweet #jkbutreally 
USERNAME heyy uhh uhh idk 😞 i have none left 
USERNAME i couldn’t stand that movie . i fell asleep . :( 
i've honestly been going through some #depression after #sandy . i can't eat , think , focus , get things done . feeling weak . anyone else ? #nyc 
i want cake ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
i have no one to talk to because like everyone is at work :( 
USERNAME i need you and anthony here to make dinner come home ! ! :( 
so sleepy right now .... but at work 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 
USERNAME i promise not all of iowa is that way :( i'm sorry on behalf of our state ! 
man i wish i was with the fam tonight ! ! ! :( 
how could you leave these pretty faces 😞 #bestfriends #walkofshame #pjparty #home @ palazzo at campus pointe URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME don't ever say my middle name ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! too far :-( 
USERNAME i tried they was like nope . it’s your first day back home . 😔 😑 😕 
USERNAME oh i know , trust me ); it's called movin' on , not easy but necessary </3 
USERNAME me and USERNAME were going to come to cal tonight but we ended up not 😔 
USERNAME :( we gotta have another talk like before dude ! 
yeah ... getting cake in your hair sucks #gross 😭 🍰🎂 
the fact i'm at work instead of the game ... 😔 
nobody wants to get stupid high with tevin tonight ? :'( fine ! ! ! ! ill smoke it aall ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME noo come here ! 😔 and don't call me gay or were fighting ! 
waiting in line to buy tickets for skyfall when some moron exits the theatre with his friends and spoils the ending . #fml 
USERNAME 💔 wish ya the best bud ! glad to see ya for a few even if i didn't notice ya 
i really wanted to see eerrbody to . i missed y’all 😢 
i can't believe i'm burying my cat . :( this cannot be real .... 
80e @ 8th (sf ): :slow down 35 mph curve 3 miles ahead (was: high winds on bridge) 
80w @ bay brg incl (ala ): :slow down 35 mph curve 2 miles ahead (was: high winds on bridge) 
i would miss work the day the jets come in #fml 
205w @ 580 (sjq ): :el charro ramp congested use sr84 alt rte 
580w @ 205 (sjq ): :el charro ramp congested use sr84 alt rte 
580e @ grand (ala ): :e-580 congested el charro rd use sr84 alt rte (was: dublin 14 min sm bridge 14 min livermore 22 min) 
680n @ andrade (ala ): :e-580 congested el charro rd use sr84 alt rte 
i'm soo hungry but when i eat the food won't stay down . 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 
so my USERNAME backpack broke today ~ totally broken hearted ~ :, c </3 
USERNAME si ! ! ! ! ! ! ! amo a brayson :( 
i'm tired af n i still have to go to work 😞 😞 
how i'm going to spend my saturday ? laying in bed thinking of different scenarios , breaking my own heart . 💔 
USERNAME u don't know how much i missed you :( 
someone buy me assassin's creed 3. i would be forever in your debt . 😔 
USERNAME ; forreal imma murder you for not saying nothing lol :( this is why you need to text me .-. 
USERNAME well really did not miss anything . alexis came home and went to sleep . she got sick at your game :( ( 
i still have to replace the shirt karla ruined :( omfg . i'm still so pissed off about that . 
its gonna suck to go back to school after a two week break ... 😔 👎 
USERNAME i knoww ! im really upset cause i really loved those brass ): 
USERNAME you still aren't on your way back to me ? i'm lonely :( 
ughh i hate when work keeps me from talking to USERNAME :( ( 
USERNAME sorry , i'm only selling for cash and in person :( good luck finding one ! 
about to pass the horn on the way back to galvy .... omg i can't wait another wholle week 😭 USERNAME 
USERNAME what's with you and these all caps yo ? and fine ... bye ): lol 
of course i get here and my chubby nephew already left :( 
i don't like when we all argue in front of my bestfriends . i would understand if they never wanted to come back </3 
USERNAME i already did , and i still feel bad wahh :( 
damn almost got raped by cocolo's with my sister 😦 😵 
my heart is seriously broken ! i wanted alabama to win so bad ! 💔 
USERNAME lol i was playing . but i miss y'all :( 
this was my 1st anniversary and i kinda had to much of a high expection i guess :( #forgotten 
USERNAME has retweeted everyone on my cheerleading team besides me 😔 he's still my favorite though 
because of the rain , i can't run . :( 
wow , that nap was only 30min . i'm going to be super sleepy at work 😣 dang ! 😩 
so weird not having two dogs greet me at the door when i go home 😢 
getting sick :( wish i had someone to take care of me . i miss my bestfriends at home :/ 
steve madden i'm sorry for cheating on you just this once , you'll always have my heart 😔 ❤ 
u should come to rhode island again nic :( pleasee ! ! rt 
nana- hell no .... wow i almost convinced her :( 
i am so done ! applying to college sucks ! why do you need to know all this stuff ? ! #fml #fuckthis 
USERNAME oh believe me i have lots to tell . get ready for me to complain about my love life :( 
i need to walk across the street and cash my paycheck but i'm fucking freezing . #fml #kms 
USERNAME emaan lool thaks for leaving me on msnn while your status is still green :( 
USERNAME i hate my life right now lets both leave work right meow and go drink i hate it here :( save me baby 💚 
there's only 1 bad thing about me going to florida for so long . i'm going to miss USERNAME so much )) ): 
USERNAME so sad i'm not in seattle tonight . :( 
USERNAME 😔 well now i wish you would have come to san antonio with us . even though we're going out tonight too 
damn i've never broken out before but all this stress this past week has made me :( 
people are supposed to be happy ....... why am i never happy 😢 
last game 😢 i ❤ chapman cheer 🐾🏈 #chapmancheer @ california lutheran university URL 
i need more good friends that i can talk to and cuddle and cry with :( 
romeos last days 😓 😭 😭 say your goodbyes everyone URL 
this is the worst saturday ever #bored 😣 😞 😔 
i ask my niece if she wants to watch the aristrocats&she says no , she wants to watch mean girls . :( i'm more of a kid then her&she's 5yrs . 
USERNAME sorry sweetie but as a gator fan i have to root for auburn , doesn't look good though :( 
i hurt so bad ! sleeping isn't working & i have no medicine , all i want is some nyquil & my back rubbed 😢 😢 😢 
woww what a horrible day in football .. my crimson tide & warriors :( #yikes #depressing 
#fml theres always tat one person tat has to mess up ur day #hate #bored #trends #depressed 
USERNAME can i go with you guys ? i have no friends :( 
wish my boyfriend was home for light up night 😔 😔 😔 🎄🎄🎄 
USERNAME USERNAME did i ? 😔 make me feel worse zach ! 
how you gone be a model when you ugly as fuck ? :( 
USERNAME yay glad you like them ! so sorry i can't come out tonight :( have fun bday girl ! 
everybody's sad tonight :( don't cry people ! ! ! 
fuck you fucking headache i wish headaches never exsisted :( 
omg i dont feel good i think im gonna die :( (( 
USERNAME i almost bought one just like i t.t o bad i didntwe could have worn the same ugly sweatshirt✌actually i do like urs just mine more 
i feel terrible , have to work a double today , on zero sleep , have two papers to write , and have to move tomorrow morning . fack . 😣 
weekends are lame these days . what happened to house parties ? no one does anything anymore ! :-( #bored 
i mish you guys 😭 😩 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
okay i change my mind i don't wanna work #wah :( 
USERNAME dont leave la :( i havent gotten my chance to meet you 
USERNAME i'm feeling a repeat of this right now :( except there are no comrades 
phones dying , gonna put those snapchats on hold :( 
why can't i have cousins in houston :( hate everyone who has cousins here . 
it's not a good mixture with me being tired at work & my systems going slow cause im starting to get real irritated #fml 
i hate that i love you so ! 💔 ❤ 
me and USERNAME have been in my car all day long . #fml 
my sister is breaking my heart by quitting basketball . #tooathletic 💘🚫🏀 😢 
why am i so tired and it's still early 😔 
cuando esta haciendo frio se permanece super helada ! ! ! :s v.v " 
USERNAME ahh i will be in san antonio . 😭 
got off work 2 hours early but now i have to wait for USERNAME to get off #fml 
USERNAME so ... USERNAME left me ... that means you have to come visit me . #sadday 
you guys like this must be so awful for other teams to have to experience this more than once a season like that is so sad :( 
all i have is call of duty ! #sadtweet #nofriends 
i remember having the a bugs life toys from mcdonalds when i was a wee boy :( 
USERNAME i was driving too ! lol , i was holdup is that my nigga kirbs ? ! ? ! lmao . i seen you boppin doe(; i miss you more ): 
babysitting makes me wish i had a little sister 😢 
USERNAME yeah that is a bad day .. sorry :( wish you could be there ! 
of all nights to not be able to find something to do ... :( 
i'm so scared to dye my hair . i'm so used to being a blondish brunette . 😦 😶 
USERNAME love yeww ... i wanna go see that movie 😭 
USERNAME we don't know :( he just cant move much-it's paxton they're at state street now waiting 
why the fuck did i get a large slurpee ? i'm not gonna drink all of this and i could have saved money 😡 😣 
i don't even wanna go out anymore smh 😔 😞 
USERNAME because i'm going through hell ! ): but i shoulf be getting my apartment 3 weeks to a month . you & sara better come over ! 
i feel bad for the homeless people right now ): 
that little itch in your throat that makes you cough every two seconds is the worst 😔 😷 
the mall is crazyy today ! wish i was out shopping with friends and family instead of working :( 
con-cen-tra-tion concentration is the game . keep the rhythm or you'll be out the game . starting with aja ending with aja subject is______ 😿 😿 😿 
USERNAME i miss you so much , i haven't talked to you in forever :( && really , what time ? ? ? ? 
i still dont think she loves me :-( ! ! 
USERNAME i'm sowwy for your face :'( beat me up 
i wish ft . riley was by kc , high school would of been better . :( 
USERNAME sorry bout ur ovaries . :( feel better within (however long ur shark week is) ! 
where did everyone go tl is like empty >_< :( always empty when i come back at like 5 pm 
dreading the fact that my girlfriend goes to work again in two hours ... 😞 
daily tweet about how i want a boyfriend to buy clothes for 😭 
caught the tail end of the marshall game . not a good day to be a fan of a west virginia team . #sadtweet 
USERNAME well by the time you do , i'll already be graduated ! stop being so young 😔 
USERNAME i really will . we need to put up this christmas tree & you need a piece of this cake & cupcake misses you . no lifetime movies ? :( 
about to make my debut at the movement ... ask me how nervous i am . 😬 😦 🙏 
USERNAME done with you ! fuck your twix too . :( 
USERNAME :( i just know some is with the church with paul revere and that church is 15 steps from my apt so i want to play lol 
USERNAME bummer ! :( (. i am well dog gone sore . body aches . 
how am i supposed to write 3-4 pages on the johannine resurrection ? i just don't even know where to start #stressing 😣 
he told everybody i was bossy when we were staying after school decorating the halls 😔 
USERNAME what if i'm being naughty & my girl picks up my phone before it locks :-( 
no more spending , already got myself early christmas gifts lol :( 
it really , really sucks that my hand is still my rbg :-( 
damn i got 4 slices of cheese pizza for me and courtlens grandma took two ... damn 😔 
it's so cold :( & my dumbass forgot my jacket /: 
why does everyone have to be busy the one night i'm available to go out ? #bummedout 😥 
she think i may have broken my hip . :-( this can not be true 
i wanna fall ❤ just don't want to take a chance on hittin the ground 💔 ... so i'll keep my feelings to myself and🔒my ❤ to prevent this 💔 
me nd netflix have a date today , ohh nd a blanket 😔 
told my dad i'm not coming again without USERNAME && USERNAME ! i'm high as shit & no one to share it with :( 
all i've done is eat today , and i'm still hungry 😞 
can it be tuesday already i need to see #oomf v.v 
USERNAME not a bad day .. its a long story babygirl & im left with a heartache .. :( 
i just saw USERNAME 's sister's underwear for some reason . 😳 😧 
ewes i have all these poop stains on my underwear ! :( 💩 😱 
i always stay home on the weekends now . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i can think of one guy that may make it better ... :( 
USERNAME psht you like my shiet lol & hahaha i know ! ! ): i'm so sad i thought my check would at least be a hundred enough to pay my 
USERNAME faking for not following me back . i feel the love </3 
i got ' a money box 😁 but it's only 10 dollars in there 😔 
i didn't know you had a say in who i talk to . darn 😔 👏 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you guys i just woke up and i'm starving lol ): 
dealing with a sick baby has to be the worst ever i hate seeing my baby like this ! might have to take a trip to hospital 😷 😢 👶🏥 
i herd it three times in less than a hour that i have a baby face , i know 😔 
missing USERNAME and the crepes she makes me 😢 and cooper my fave ❤ 
USERNAME bill but it wasn't & i had to take money out my savings to pay it ): 
USERNAME i kinda do too but ill prolly end up staying home :/ :( wah . 
USERNAME 2 chainzz lol . i wish i had a big butt </3 
ima call him and say the house is on fire so he can come home cos im bored :( 
USERNAME i am not happy about your movie coming out . that means its all over :( 
USERNAME you lied .. about having a twix ! how ! how .. could you ? :( 
wehh ! i shudda took some pills before ii left home :( 
i woulda been able to see jeffrey today 😔 but my mama always busy<<< ! 
it's saturday night and i'm sitting here by myself :( somebody needs to come to farmington ! 
USERNAME derivates midterm & senior sem paper due in one week . 😭 😖 💣⌛ 
my mozzarella sticks that i just bought were molded :( 
the fact that its been dark for the past hour and a half makes me very sad . :( 
USERNAME haha well i thought id give it a chance .. :'( haha 
i feel cheated on when USERNAME come home and doesn't tell me #sadtweet 
i need a box of wine , a box of tissues , and a box of chocolate right now . :( 
😔 rt USERNAME shut up no one asked you lol rt USERNAME . on me u do rt USERNAME i over use exclamation marks lol 
i just want to stay home and sleep for the rest of the day 😴 😭 🔫❄ 
sucks , my parents are in cali and i'm here all bored 😔 
good thing i pre ordered the new black ops , i won't even be able to play it ): 
USERNAME babe as much as i really want them , i can't let you give me money anymore😩 😭 but thank you💞 
i want in n out but i know my dad wont let me barrow his car or wont take me :( 
USERNAME seriously if you don't come i'm going to cry .. :( 
just got thee best idea for a personal project but zero time to actually bring it to life :( 
USERNAME that looks soo painful oh my god ! 😣 
so everyone's talking about hitting up pasadena tonight . should of went to h-town )) ): 
doing my best aj mccarron impression right now . 😭 😭 😢 😪 😥 😰 #godwhy 
left my phone charger at my apartment . damn . ): 
USERNAME none of them care about what i say ): haha 
before i sleep idk why people made the elections a racial thing :-( gnt 
im waiting for #oomf to text me .. but i dnt think thats gunna happen 😔 
it's almost been a year since me and my step ma stopped talking smh 😔 
USERNAME i miss you more ): i know i don't have a life anymore #textmebaby ! 
how we hung up earlier was so not neccassary 💔 
USERNAME mine keeps shutting off . #pissedtweet :( i use to love it but now it hates me :/ 
i feel so helpless ! i hate that there is nothing i can do ): 
soo overwhelmed at work ! i hate being the new girl 😔 
next purchase will be an ipod since i apparently lost mine & i'm incapable of coping without it :( 
USERNAME what you going to rob me with ? lipgloss ? 😭 😭 😭 
so much stress ... i just wanna lay with my baby , watch movies , and fall asleep 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME at san jose civic auditorium (january 22, 2013 ): san jose , ca , us URL 
USERNAME aw , but that's what we do . :( 
even at work , everything reminds me of you :'( 
USERNAME 😔 😩 omg same . everytime i hear live in the sky i think back like 4 years ago when we were just chillin in your room but *cont* 
USERNAME that is a sad story . i sorry :( 
i didn't wash all the conditioner out of my hair ! :c fuckk . 
damn i coulda sworn today was sunday 😒 😞 . 
USERNAME reminds me of new years 2 years ago . #waah #missyou :( 
the fact that i'm not at the USERNAME show tonight is devastating . 💔 
someone turned off the tv before i saved on zelda -____- #ugh #fml 
i feel so bad that i made my mom feel like that :( 
i need my arctic monkeys man :( my modest mouse , my brand new , my joy and reasons for living 
USERNAME wow that was a little too far right there don't you think .... :'( 
i really wanted to hangout with #oomf tonight . 😭 
i ate a bowl of cereal earlier and i am paying for it now :( #hardheaded 
wish i could be at emos right now , h8 u all 😭 😭 
i wanna talk to my girlfriend USERNAME , where is she at ! ? :( 
i laid down about an hour ago & now i'm too lazy to do anything at all .. :( ugh ! i'm so wore out & sleepy ! ! 
now i'm bored & will be alone tonight . :( i have my niece to blame ! 
i just hope this goes away asap cause i dnt sound like myself damn voice damn near gone :-( 
USERNAME i'm more mad then sad . idk mixed emotions i guess 😔 😁 😠 lol 
USERNAME you could tell me you hate me ? :( 
USERNAME is my only friend . and i totally screwed her over tonight 😩 😥 
USERNAME how long are you going to make me wait for you to follow me ? :( 
i didnt want mck to winn . shruggs . :( 
USERNAME you probably don't remember that cause you suckk . i miss the summer 😔 😫 😭 😢 
where my mom ! ! ! i feel so lonely here :( 
i'm not ready to say goodbye yet .. 😔 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know i am but at least i text people right back .. cough rachel 😢 
have to memorize this by the end of the weekend #depressed URL 
“USERNAME #sadday URL no seeping the tables this week haha 
on the phone with him . balling my eyes out . </3 
remind me of the situation between me and pook #myfirstlove 😔 
took my dog for a walk . he gets bitches and i get none ! :( 
finally got to talk to my daddy after 3 months .. i miss him so much sometimes .. ]': 💔 
aw there's a little lost girl in walmart 😥 💔 
lower manhattan seems well on its way back , beer supply chain still affected per management at restaurant :-( 
USERNAME how was lastnight ! ? omg i was so jealous 😦 👌 
everytime i get a text i hope it's you . but it never is . ))) ): 
USERNAME i'm not going out i don't feel well :( boo 
USERNAME i shouldn't be surprised but i am a little sad :( 
thinking of adopting a rabbit in honor of nestlé. i miss her so much . 💔 
act of valor ... fuck the ending was sad :( 
😢 thinking just three more years and i'll be 20 😥 
i never been so excited to go home and get in my bed 😔 #sicksickgirl 
USERNAME yes :( lol what are you gonna do tonight 
USERNAME i'm sorry chris , hope you will be okay 😥 💔 
my throat hurts so bad ): i hate being sick 
you know you're having a bad day when leslie knopp can't cheer you up 😔 
i miss my boo so much . i'm trying not to think about it so i won't cry but damn 😔 
ugh i love my iphone so much without the big otter box , but it's so breakable :( 
i miss my second mommy ! ! :'( rt USERNAME my mom and USERNAME 's mom are soo cute 
i need a ride to lexington from kearney ... #whaa ! :( 
soo i fixed my car by myself .. ayee ;) ... i guess that check next week is going to my insurance company lmao :( #broketweet 
why is twitter so dry . ? 😡 😭 😒 
USERNAME so sad i won't be there ! :( ( 
USERNAME lol no , i had peanut m&m's and kept getting just chocolate . no nut :( 
USERNAME i got burnt twice for a td 😔 😔 
i don't feel like working in the icu tonight :( 
somtimes in my tears i drown , i dont ever let it get my down </3 cant stop playing the song ! ! ! USERNAME 
ugh .. seariously . could this freaking weekend get any better ? ! :/ #sarcasim #fml 
someone text me and cheer me up . please . 😞 
you all died . didn't you . ? 😭 😲 💔 
guess i'll take myself out since my best friend left my ass :( 
USERNAME i think you gotta be on the computer though . 😞 
being at a football game and not cheering at it <<< :( 
USERNAME i haven't gone since .. ever 😔 i'm so determined to go this year ! 
feeling lonely and wishing i was with my babe . :( #distancesucks 
USERNAME you didn't follow me and i followed USERNAME :'( 
USERNAME i know i can't wait to see my bookie too ): 
USERNAME what that is not nice to call me crazy :( 
USERNAME austy , sorry i couldn't go to your game today :-( i would've screamed mean things at the other team and nice things at you <3 
i wish there was a chip emoji to put next to laila's name :( 
lool yezz “USERNAME lool coming from you ? :( rt USERNAME lazy ass “USERNAME lol same oo just woke up x_x 
well , gotta get rid of my kitten :/ can't handle the allergic reaction 😣 
aww :( im sorry me either but im never ignored rt 
USERNAME okay , don't snitch . lmaoo . ohh lmaoo i'm abou t.t o dm you . 
shopping with USERNAME and this girl straight up left me in forever 21 lost like a little boy 😭 😭 😭 
cuutee my face is dry a'f & peeling :( wasting my mac 
URL friendzoned . </3 :( justin bieber - fall #lss nakakarelate ako sa kanta nakakainis t.t :( <//3 nalala ko nanaman :"( 
watched USERNAME in #1408 i didn't like the director's cu t.t he ending was good , just sad . such a great horror film ! ! URL 
i wish i can go back to junior high with my old friends . i miss them 💔 
finally got snow but i have the flu :-( congrats USERNAME i knew you'd make it ! 
lol 😔 rt “USERNAME when friends say ' ugh i really need this but cant buy it '(make sad face) -around christmas time lol USERNAME 
what's up chica ! ! good times in vegas ! dropped and broke my ncomputer on flight :( costing more to fix than did to buy ! #ohthehorror 
all im left with is becca , david & my brother . :c 
manfriend is at the tcu game ... i'm all alone :( 
sidenote-someone should bring me ice cream . help me , i'm sick :( 
why won't USERNAME text me back ? :( i'll get everyone tbell except mitch 
when i drink ,, the next day , my legs hurt all day' :( and this cold doesn't help 
man ... got a phone call from my daddy today ... :-( i miss him so much . 
USERNAME USERNAME i wasn't invited either annie don't trip :( lol 
orientations went well ! now 16ppls new hire packets to process :( (@ forever 21) URL 
USERNAME i know ! ): i'm going to have my little brother experience it for me ! 
i take my earlier tweet back , i have a mandatory 8 am cj class ... so i know i can't skip it . #fuckmylife #gotdamnit 
lmaoo rt USERNAME i know a good amout of ppl who went to houston just for that concert . they finna be mad . 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i don't have one ! ! ! ! ! 😥 😓 😱 😱 
i have no energy wat so ever bein around all these kids 😔 
i think im the only person who cries when mia gets crowned queen in the princess diaries 😭 😭 😭 
gonna watch charlie st . cloud by myself let the tears begin 😥 
USERNAME lol niggas going crazy and i know got my shit face on ... no need for me to lie :( 
went to sleep feeling like shit & i woke up feeling like shit 😣 
my wrists , liver and pride are all so sore . #fml #suckstosuck #thatshitcray 
USERNAME i know 😞 but soon enough i can show you how to drink a black widow ! 
USERNAME USERNAME jackie got a mean side 😦 😦 😦 😦 
USERNAME i thought you died for a minute :( haven't seen you post anything if forever 
this is the longest car ride ever ! legit about to piss my pants 😞 😑 
USERNAME i gotta eat first i'm fucking hungry ! :( 
USERNAME listening to moments and loving every word u say thinking its meant for me but not . ......... because i'm so ugly to u :( 
definitely in the hotel tomorrow , miranda called and said she read it wrong #fml #fmlbigtime 
seth always has his phone on him . why won't he text back ? > :( 
watching #charliestcloud , i better get me a box of tissues . 😢 
naw lol ion see how ! rt USERNAME USERNAME me too 😔 but i like being bored sometimes 
i can't believe i'm at a washateria ! to top it of all by myself . :( 
my parents are fighting in the middle of the restaurant , i'm so embarrassed 😔 all i wanna do is go home 🙏 
USERNAME i know right did you see the new one 😩 😭 
USERNAME it was great meeting you ! sad that i couldn't take a picture with you ): URL 
i am feeling so down so torn inside my soul ! i want to be happy again :( (( just not for me i guess 
i hate this lost ! ! ! a&m you really upset the bama nation :-( 
USERNAME if i had gas i would bby ) ): 
USERNAME USERNAME i know y'all had a blas t.t raci is too funny and she keeps it #100 
i have lost all sense of direction since i have been in vegas :( #spc12 
ugh , why can't his mother understand that i wanna see him ? ! it's been months ): 
hahaa and they just left . i've been waiting outside foreverr . ): 
is their a reason for your stupidity ? oh your just naturally dumb 😢 👌 
really think i might actually be dying .. so weak i can't even move ! 😢 someone come take care of me pwease 
USERNAME awh so you ain't going tonight ? ? ! ! 😥 
so fucking hungry ! i can't even believe it :( ! and it's cold ! 
USERNAME i told him i fucked up his day 😭 😠 
i have no desire to drink after being drunk last night 😔 
watching the movie hidden hopefully its good if not #fml 
definitely in the hotel tomorrow , miranda called and said she read it wrong #fml #fmlbigtime USERNAME 
USERNAME its supose to be a z and a q lmaoo 😔 
really wish i could wear those cute iphone cases on my phone .. but my poor coordination keeps me from that 😔 
USERNAME whatt ? ! ! im praying for that cutie :( 
USERNAME does it look like im going anywhere lol , i needa shower n shit #fuckthat , but im home alone ): well im about to be 
USERNAME USERNAME mya bayad pala edi wag ka ng pumunta <//3 shemay ! may gt sila sa sm north ? :( ( nakakamiss talaga . 
day 1 of no carbs/low sugar ? i'm so grumpy ... i just want macaroni & cheese ... 😔 😩 😠 
charlie st . cloud is on ! im so in love w/ this movie , even tho it makes me cry everytime ! 💛 💙 💜 💚 😞 😢 😥 
i can't remember who i gave my headphones to .... :( 
sad this is my last USERNAME i'm performing in :-( *tear* *bittersweet* 
my sister just moved away :( but if she stays strong , so will i . USERNAME hope the rides good . 
USERNAME me ; :'( ( you; t(-_-t) . crush a niggas dreams 
okay now i’m really starting to worry about USERNAME :( he hasn’t been online all day & hasn’t responded to any of my texts . 
my team lost . 😿 we still are ... penn state ! lol 
USERNAME that's what i was jus thinking but its just the able i swear :( 
USERNAME hey i live in ci . not too far from neptune 33. but i missed you when you came :( thanks for coming . 
what the fuck .. this girl know she can't fight why she texting all ghetto :( 
USERNAME that movie makes me cry everytime :( but it's so good 
USERNAME aww :( are you coming home for thanks giving 
why is everyone have parties and events on the 17th dangitt . i cant go to them all ): 
USERNAME i thought we were bestfriends ! :( i see tiffany . aight . i gotchu . 
the fact that i can't cuddle with my hubby 😣 💔 
i really want cookie dough . whoever loves me , go get it for me . ): 
USERNAME is gonna kill me when she sees my no-shave november . 😣 
USERNAME rip to ur granddaddy :( ( keep ya head up ! ! ! 
even if i camelita can come over , i still want to watch movies with someone 😔 
if i have some drinks tonight im deff gonna cry . im already emotional right now . smh 😔 
i haven't had any alcohol in like a month 😔 
USERNAME starting to realize that . this is why i stay to myself and now i see why . #smh 😔 
USERNAME it won't let me retweet that last tweet tho :( #sadday 
USERNAME far from where i live :c & yolo ! we should go ? ? :o 
i don't feel good , and i don't like it . :( 
i want to watch all my favorite tim burton movies with somebody 😔 
USERNAME io sto provando ! pero , non posso aspettare di venire a casa per la festa di ringraziamento , mi manchi tantissimo ! </3 
USERNAME yeah i figured :/ lol i'm so bored now too :( aha n she's mad at me so i jus chillen by myself :/ #foreveralone 
but for now i'm #foreveralone because #oomf has a girlfriend 😰 😢 
lost my debit card , got a new one yesterday , already lost the new one at work . #fml #championorganizationskills 
even if camelita can't come over , i still want someone to watch movies with 😔 
my baby didnt qet his haircut :( i guess it will be in the morninq . his other qrandma sure wanted him . wish he could have qot it cut early 
not moving onto tomorrow's tournament :( soo close . it was a great season though 
USERNAME 360 tour closing (moncton , july 30, 2011) comments by bono to follow in next tweet (circa 10 seconds ): ... 
USERNAME happy early bday ! ! sorry i didn't go to your party :( 
every time uncle ben dies in either spider man movie ... 😢 😭 
lets go ... msu ... beat lsu dawg em ... i'm already sick crimson 1st lost and at home ... ugh :( 
USERNAME 7pm-2am :'( hopefu they let me out early again 
USERNAME ugh too lazy to look for my keys , my dog took them when i got home and i haven't seen them since :( 
well there goes my night ... #shit now what :( 
USERNAME this sucks ass ): & how much did your phone cost ? o.o 
this license plates are so #depressing , i wonder if those were order like that (@ montfort park) [pic]: URL 
USERNAME :( i miss you guys too ! won't she be on her mission then ? 
USERNAME ughh :( like at your parents house ? ! 
USERNAME don't sorry me i'm mad right now 👊💢😤 😞 
would of been at club venue 2⃣nite to see USERNAME but instead i'm at home sick😷 😔 
treat em like they grown so dont get mad when they act like they grown 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME the best movie ever ! ! ! 😢 
#sometimesiwonder why do i fall for the guys that i have no chance with 😰 😢 
in my front window ! #sculpture @ studio :c hristensen URL 
sad i couldn't talk to USERNAME for more than 30sec tonight bc of work :( 
im so sad my boo left without saying bye or hi :( 
that literally made my heart sink to my chest . #noonetalktome 💔 
USERNAME jk ill prob sit in my room and stare at my wall . 😔 not 😁🎉🎉🎉 
during the fall/winter i always get into a slump where i want to do absolutely nothing besides sit at home and sleep 😔 
USERNAME i could never bae <3 ;) but you still shoulda came anyways i miss you :( 
shelby is leaving me in an hour and i have nobody to hang out with except her :( 
when your boyfriend mistakes a squirrel for a dog .... 😞 😐 #dafaq #comeon 
im longing for a movie night(aka stakid night) with USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME like the old days . :( 
well i have to do a research paper due wednesday 😔 
USERNAME lol . no we ain't mama said we had to come home and eat :( 
banff resorts are now open while wa resorts have a light dusting of snow at best . so jealous :( 
today our baby turned 13. a teenager ... ugh 😭 happy birthday coolkidcf @ 2004 URL 
im mad i went to lake forest & didnt even see my bestfriend </3 
i guess now i gotta put my fake smile ): 
USERNAME the thing is we still talking 😧 😧 😧 😧 
USERNAME twinn cousin ! imiss youu , :'( . you need to text me so ican visit you too ! 
wonder what USERNAME doing tonight ? i miss my brother . :( #sadtweet 
i fucking hate it when people call me fat ... 🐘🐷🐮🐋🐳 😭 😭 
i really hate it i couldn't go to the funeral ! dc really meant a lot to me :( today was my last time to c him n couldn't #tear 
wish i was joining tonights festivities but nope , taking melatonin an passing out . work super early 😭 #eww #workonsundaygag #5am 
still sick .. omw 2 cvs & get pulled over 4 no reason 🚓🚔🔦🔫 😡 #fml #flu #cops #ticket #stupid #ba @ cvs pharmacy URL 
USERNAME i don't even live in the city , if i did .. i'd never be home . 😭 
all i've done is lay in bed ... i hate being sick :( 
this stupid power point is getting on my last freakin nerves . #losingit ! #hatethis ! 😡 😔 
i need you ! shouldn't have dropped you off :( USERNAME 
USERNAME aww i wish i could but i can't :( let me know next time though 💜 
just remembered how my diamond earrings fell into the ocean at wildwood over the summer . so sad because i wore them every day for 4 years . 😢 
USERNAME i know :c still love this movie though ! 
USERNAME wow . looked it up and there are loads of people complaining about the lack of a left handed option . that sucks :( 
not sure if i like my new avi or not 😔 
i miss dressing like a hood rat and going to house shows </3 
USERNAME 😔 we're getting coffee together soon ! ! ! 
movie date , but my baby in statesboro ): ugh sister come home 
haven't talked to him since this morning .. it saddens me . :( 
get down to zuhglife store and get you some free #team14minutesleft #fml #stickers & cop you one @ zuhg life URL 
USERNAME oh my gosh , say what ? ! i didn't know you guys have been having online shows ! :-( #toomuchothertwitternews 
everybody always has so much better hair than me . :( (@ la fitness w/ 5 others) URL 
i don't know why i think andy irons died on november 10th .. it was clearly nov . 2nd , and i miss it every year ! :( 
i just wish i was with my girlfriend fucking ish up ;( #ihatethis #imisseveryone i wanna be crazy again . #fuck :( 
i missed USERNAME today ! ! :( love you ! ! ! 
i am thee biggest baby when i'm sick ! 👶 😥 😢 😟 #impathetic #needlove #help #feellikedeath 
i wanted to go to chasers tonight 😭 😁 #youguyssuck 
today went by so fast . i went to sleep when it was dark and when i looked out the window it was dark again . havent seen the day light yet :( 
not sure how i'm getting home tommorow now :( URL 
art of trance - madagascar (richard durand remix ): URL via USERNAME 
USERNAME who is this about ? :o and why do you follow my mom on instagram ? :c #creepyassniggah 
USERNAME rmurphy and his crew need to fix this fas t.t hey mess them up and offer no explanation . why do they treat them & us that way 
everyone talks about cuddle weather but whenever it hits my boyfriends always busy :( 
USERNAME :( no lmao still working on it , but its going down the right path ! haha 
why does my life have to be so jacked up ? ! #fml 
USERNAME ; yea but they real dope ones will be out of town :( 
i have the worlds worst headache 😔 😔 😔 💀🔫🔫 
dang . sounds like the crimson tide didn’t roll today :( 
USERNAME well that makes me fill worse :( guess u weren't worried about me . 
USERNAME why can't i retweet any of your shit ? ! :( 
bye cute waiter too bad i never knew you 😭 
today has not been a good day at all #upsetandmad :'( 
oh god i'm dying . i went through our xmas boxes and they were covered in dust and cat hair . i'm so congested now . :( 
USERNAME omg i'm so jealous . thanks for the invite guyyss . 😨 😥 
can me and USERNAME sing to somebody , USERNAME hates us .-. </3 
ash's going away party :( (@ grand island apartment homes) URL 
USERNAME air ric ! ! ! lol i miss everyone :( zuleyme said they said ozzys name right 
this is the saddest part of the movie 😭 😭 😭 
he voted for cats 'because i love kat' my heart . :( 
well i'm still a bama fan no matter what 😔 🐘🏈 #tide 
being here reminds me of you . i can't believe you've been gone for so long :( i miss you & love you so much aunt di <3 
USERNAME USERNAME you have been living a fake life 😔 
not being able to snapchat people back because i'm in the dark car .. 😞 
USERNAME i caant have fun feelin how i feel ): 
baked crescent rolls with nutella and cinnamon ! wish i could instagram them :( 
“USERNAME missin my boo 😩 😔 USERNAME aw miss you ❤ 10 more days ! 
USERNAME USERNAME i had a quik shower cuz i had to work 😢 lol 
i didn't know there was a such thing as candy corn oreos ! ! 😦 but now it's past halloween & they're gone 😭 😭 😭 😩😫 
can't bend over anymore without feeling like my lower back is gonna break 😭 #fml 
USERNAME damn i want some real food man . u ain't tell me u was leaving smh 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :'( change my mind and they don't know about us kills me ilysm <3 
USERNAME i'm not as tan as i wanted to be :( 
omg the beginning of charlie st cloud is so sad 😢 
me too 😟 😟 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME nun kei went to sleep on me :( wyd 
at least i know what #ommf thinks of me . nothing i can do though 😔 😊 
watching charlie st . cloud . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
why do weekends go by so fast ? ! #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME ugh you know what i mean just stop 😒 😔 
10 minutes into this movie and im already crying 😭 #icant 
charlie st . cloud makes me cry 😢 😭 #softy 
been waiting for a call that my nephew micah (andrew & tayler's boy) is here , but it doesn't look like it is happening today . :( 
mourning the death of the biebs and selena's relationship with USERNAME USERNAME and #happynatalie #sadtweet 
USERNAME why are you giving me that face ? ? 😔 
love my weekends , but i guess this one will be cut short cuz i gotta work tomorrow :-( ( 
USERNAME i was joking , jerk :( but in all seriousness i'm honestly worried hopefully you find the answer you're looking for 
USERNAME lol yes i do :( . i'm listening to the marlies on the radio instead 
and to put all that in context , we were talking about darnell's . i was treating it like a sovereign country . 😔 
when you give all the time and effort you have to one person and its not enough ... #college :( 
your day really gets 500 times worse when you spill your mac n cheese all over the floor . #fml 
people have been yelling at me all day .. what did i do 😔 😖 😢 
un-lazyy “USERNAME lool chaii :( if im lazy what are you ? rt USERNAME lool yezz “USERNAME lool coming from you ? :( 
USERNAME i know but i wouldn't be able to do it ! ! and awwh thats true :( have fun tho disneys the best 
USERNAME USERNAME i understand that now . 😔 😔 i told her that i was gonna give her the i learned a lesson . 
does anyone know a reliable downloadable microsoft power point that is free to download ? i need help ! 😞 
ive never cried this much watching a movie 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME i miss you ! you need to send me your number ! ! :( 
well dam auburn ain't shit n ima fan ! =: :-( 
killing myself because ed was on the radio and i only heard the end 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME yes ): i was with brooke talking to her while she was workin . but i could have gotten raped , i'm sexy ! 
being home all fucking day is not my idea of a saturday 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
of course i would cry watching a little innocent boy die in a movie . i don't care if it isn't real but ugh this movie is so sad :( 
USERNAME noo i love ya dee you give great huggss .. sorry i'm not in the best mood right now :( 
my big hasn't talked to me all day . i'm sad . USERNAME wah . 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME that's just why make sure i'm there 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i hate going the whole day without leaving the house #depressing 
not having a good day ... just wanna be left alone ... 😞 
USERNAME :( you guys know you all start hanging out to late for my curfew to be acceptable 
why am i watching charlie st . cloud & eating ice cream ? 😩 😭 😫 
USERNAME come the fuck home . seriously , come the fuck home right now . :( 
when you're trying to forget someone and then you have a dream about them . #fml 
i’m seriously so sad i might not be able to make it to the playoff game on friday . 😭 
sad i haven't talked to USERNAME all day .. 😢 
USERNAME | omgee , not my friend :( , can i sprinkle some magic dust on it 
not gone see my babes USERNAME for ah week :( 
USERNAME u gave me the surprise 😦 plus the no she dnt fuck wit my bd 👊lol plus the 😡 plus i'm goin 🔫that nigga he ain't . 💩 
i miss my boyfriend .. import alliance is gay . 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME i wanted to go to the river 😥 
#sometimesiwonder why i have to mess up something good that comes my way :( 
while all my family is ready for the family party i'm getting ready to work :( #tear #sadtweet 
hold on lemme go get food so i can eat my feelings away as i watch charlie st cloud my best friends cuz i miss them so much 😭 
USERNAME could have really used your leadership . 😞 thanks 
USERNAME wah :( miss you . i'll see you soon ! ! 
USERNAME i can't believe i'm not coming for winter break ! :( 
USERNAME how dare you take advantage of my fragile and vulnerable state ! ! ! 😣 😖 😩 😭 
roomates just discovered the full wrath of my emotions when they make me watch chick flicks . they put on #thenotebook . i bawled 😭 USERNAME 
driving through vidor and not being able to stop ... :( 
USERNAME sis she didn't barbecue :-( but when she do i'll keep you posted 
wanting to talk to someone but you don't want to text them first <<< 😖 😫 😔 
“USERNAME perfect . URL you could've at least gave me credit .. 😔 
aww , too bad im not generous to give a fuck :c 
USERNAME 😢 . i'll be there with you in about a year when i transfer . that is if i don't blow my money on raves . 
not getting a phone call back from you guys , bothers me :'( #prayerinmind ! 
watching charlie st . cloud makes me cry like a little baby every time ! :( 
have you noticed your almost to 1m or is it just me ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? 😧 USERNAME 
my mama in the gump y'all , i'm still in nyc :( 
we lost 2-1 in double ot :( but ill be home for break ! lets hang out ! 
USERNAME aww , that sucks ! and she's so cute :( 
i wants be in sweats and a big sweater but i'm stuck here 😞 
USERNAME my car is broke :( or i would ! 
USERNAME oh yaa u have midtermss :( well plan something next week ! 
“USERNAME “USERNAME so incredibly fucking pumped for USERNAME USERNAME this is the gay shit i used to listen too 😔 
you know what's a really scary visual ? a vampire eating contest . :-( 
just had to do the hardest thing i ever did in my life :( i miss her already :'( 
USERNAME #please #record #your #ustream #because #i 'm #not #watching #it # :( 
ugh i'm in love with this botique in new york but i'll never see it again :( ( 
i am not going anywhere with my hair looking like this 😭 😭 💔 
USERNAME no ! ! lols i miss you too ! </3 
but now i'm all home alone , i kinda hate being home alone here cause its scary . 😔 👻 
my phone died like right when i got into town :( #iwaspissed 
USERNAME right ? ! seems like everyone i know is there ! 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME mom took my feel goods away cause i was on them lol im really bou t.t o say fuck it n stay in . 
USERNAME i'm sick baby , i think ima go to the hospital i can't stand it :( 
can i please be as pretty as demi lovato ? :( she's too gorgeous . 
USERNAME ; coño pero that will take days to get here 😔 😡 
the beginning of charlie st . cloud 😭 😭 😭 😭 😱 😥 😰 😭 #ballingmyeyesout 
me gusta twitter pero necesitoo mi facebook .... uhh ): 
that awkward moment when you see #mention20goodlookingpeopleontwitter all over your timeline , and you're never one of them :( 
no sleep in the last 2 days hit me .. zoning out completely .. come on 0430 😞 
USERNAME it's great but not the same as over the summer :( #boat #volleyball #sun 
i really need and want my cousin with me so bad right now . 💔 😞 USERNAME . 
im such a baby when i have a headache :( 
man today's run really kicked my ass . still on the couch :( 
i hate that my poor little nose gets cold so fast i practically live under blankets :-( 
USERNAME because she is already taken ! :( i'm sad ! boo ! 
aand i think i'll just sit this one out ✌ 😔 
USERNAME wahh :( if i had a car or at , least my license if go visit you;) causer i never have a ride . 
i broke my collar bone today playing soccer today . :( URL 
USERNAME i have to find some clothes lol left my big coat and gloves at the hotel ! :( 
USERNAME ; diablo you too 😥 😰 😱 my voice is gone . 
USERNAME USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 i need someone to go with 
preciso tomar coragem e começar a arrumar a mala 😢 
someone text me :( i have till 8 &i'm so bored sitting in the break room . 
USERNAME sorry buba i didn't see it :i & i doubted my mother would have let me go out today :{ 
USERNAME :( im sorry . i love you :-/ i like when you shower nude . 
watching love movies , eating chocolate . wondering when ill ever find a love like that . #depressing 
USERNAME im in a good mood for once ! have been all day . yay me . not to rub it in lovely . sowwy :( luhh chu . 
this girl in front of me just patted her weave so hard a braid fell out and onto the floor ..... #ratchet 😭 
damn i work 10 hours tomorrow 😳 12-10 😁 😓 😭 😩😫 
every weekend i don't have brylee i could go out & be a normal teenager , but i don't . i just sit at home & miss her . 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wishin i could be there :( take a shot for me 
USERNAME aww :( :( huni tetep semangat yahh ! :* 
don't yell at me .. it makes me want to cry .. 😥 
USERNAME :( the worst ... sorry love lemme know if i can do anything 
mann don't want him to go but i ain't gonna ruin his fun for tonight :( cause too much gonna be going on ! 
i like how a bunch of people know me as the rumor starter of ccs . it works against me 😞 
USERNAME i can't find it ! ? :( what channel ? 
~*~*~*~**** i lyke 2 cry in the shower so u can't see my tearz </3 333333333 ;-( ~*~* 
in bed ... i js wanna cuddle & watch movies all night #lonely :( 
i need something to do for the next two hours ! ! ! someone get me out of this house ! ! ! ! :( 
mentira , é porque sinto falta do meu cabelo desse jeito msm ): 
USERNAME what ? ! :( next summer , it's goin down 
i wanna go to an african club ... how come they aint got none in tampa ? 😔 😔 
USERNAME ugh ! ! i shouldn't have come home . i came here for an observation and she rescheduled :( ( i'm not happy ! ! 
my body is sore ): i'm just not up to par today . 
i need to find something to do that doesn't remind me of anything #depressed 
double date ! i wish d . rose was here ... :( (@ united center w/ 120 others) URL 
and i haven't been on a date in a long time ): 
USERNAME USERNAME aaww :( did u take anything for it ... medicine ? 
who wants to spend the night wiff me ? i'm home with no parents & bored out of my mind . 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME ooh i see ! what have you been up too though imy :( 
USERNAME babe stop 😞 i hate fighting with you . 💏💑 
USERNAME #sadtweet when i'm in town he never is :/ 
i'm determined to be fucking happy ..... lol jk imma sad moody bitch :c 
aw ! ! major harris died ! :( hit song and was with the delfonics before that . only 65 ! 
my roommate is home and sounds like she's throwing shit around :( i'm scared to leave my room .......... 
seems like everyone is in a relationship but me i'm just ....... single 😞 
goodbye dance work ... hello real work 😭 😭 😭 @ los cerritos shopping center URL 
i hate knowing i could have been somewhere with someone , and i'm not . #ughh 😔 
won't be able to enjoy santa's this year :( #missingmiami 
USERNAME you always make me laugh ! ok i'm getting .... almost to the stage lol but no 4th champs :( 
USERNAME yeah but i have to spend the weekend with my family and then head home tomorrow night :( 
USERNAME please tell me what your short size is . i'm trying so hard to have you message me ! or at least tweet :( ((( i want to get you one 
USERNAME i missed my flight man ! i'm in miami now . the plane from dfw had a puncture in the luggage door :( 
USERNAME thanks your suppose to be gettin ready with me right now 😔 
i'm crazy bummed , i really wanted to go to the grand daddy of 'em all :-( 
the fact that i'm not at the garden being serenaded by USERNAME right now <<<<< drinking my sorrows away 💔 
it's been 4 years since i haven't seen her ! ! 💔 
expecting to see my niggas during my hour break but very one seems to have plans 😞 
this migraines trying to hold me back ... #bettastopdat 😣 😖 
when you forget you had some sort of spice in your hand/fingers and rub your eye #fml 
y ... me entro el fastidio ! ! ! ! ! :( 
once this traffic does down , i'm going to find the biggest cheeseburger and milkshake i can find ! ! #depressed #onelossisbetterthan6 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME thanks rachel :( ........... way to put me down . ill remember that next time i go kayaking 
USERNAME lol i promise it's bad lol . our goodwill had nothing for ty :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME lol dec 21 ill be at the bowling alley with my whole shift .. i get to spend my last day on earth with glimour 😦 
USERNAME happy birthday debra the goldfish , #rip 🐠 😢 
every time i close my laptop i wonder if it will ever wake up again . 😰 #onitsdeathbed #sadday 
where has USERNAME been ! ? ! ? i miss her 😥 
USERNAME you just broke my heart girl ! sorry :( 
8 o'clock the party for me ends for the day :( 
USERNAME no :( i drove to tampa this morn . 
i kinda wish i had enough money to go on a date ): 
USERNAME good cause i had a purple one but it popped ): 
i really just want to beat your ass ..... but i'm to nice for that :( 
USERNAME ikr babe . when i read the article , i was so shocked and cant accept it . heartbroken . they look lovely together and cute of course :( 
me tim joe and sam are so bored right now that were playing doritos crash course #fml 
someome hang out with me after i get off work tonight . i was lame last night , i dont wanna be stuck doing nothing again :( 
not gonna be able to make it up to corvo tonight for eric's going away do :( gonna have one down here though in like a week 
USERNAME i tried ! but it was art walk so i couldn't find parking; i tried for 45 min and left from frustration :( how was it ? 
nevermind , just run it for 21 lol . #fml 
USERNAME i have to work all night :( but hopefully we can do something soon 
the news i just heard smh , heart broken </3 
finished mockingjay . ): now to wait another few months to read them again . i can't wait ! 
fuck it . idk if we have classes or not 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME awee :( love all you guys : .. ( 
USERNAME no margarita for me ... :( just enchiladas poblanas ... 
USERNAME i called you and you no answer ? . :'( 
lol , i showed my dad my tumbling for the first time and what do i do ? slip on all these leaves 😠 he laughed 😔 
going out the bars tonight with 3 friends and their respective girlfriends #fml #7thwheel 
miss all my family &' friends from over there :( 
USERNAME im not in bdgb anymore so idk when ill be able to see you :( 
💛 ❤ 💙 💚 i miss my hometown . #josh #moron #missmyfriends 😭 #wah URL 
#staystrongjustin i couldnt imagine living with millions of dollars & being able to fuck anyone now </3 . no one knows this mans pain . 
USERNAME yes ! i don't haave it :( *whines* lol 
taylor is driving us , please pray ... 😔 hahahaha 💚 URL 
USERNAME haha awhh i'm sorry for leaving you 😞 that was the worst night i've ever worked 
USERNAME i dont know :( but i got sick ... 
drinks & a card game is the move but no card players & no drinks 😥 
i havnt been this hungover in years :( literally been dragging all day :( meh and working at a bar is no bueno right now #sick #hungover 
he looked so cute sleeping in bed next to me . i don't want him to go . ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
bye la . hello sin city . #lasvegas #fml @ bob hope airport (bur) URL 
i hate how you have to spend your time there with them #youdeservebetter 😔 
every time i'm with USERNAME something crazy always happens . 😔 
USERNAME i do have a case on it . i want the life proof case 😐 if i cracked my screen , i'd probably die 😥 😩 ! ! 
USERNAME damn wish i go t.t his earlier we got pack ! ! 
mới sáng ra vì chuyện 2 con bé con mà ầm hết cả nhà :| đm cho đi ngủ cái nào 9h chú đón r :( ( 
those mean moments when USERNAME keeps laughing at me cause im hungover 😒 😣 😢 😏 
qb cody vaz on the fumble , the injury & the loss (video ): URL 
jealous that i'm not going to see my bestie tomorrow when someone else gets to :( USERNAME 
cada dia mais decepcionado com as pessoas q eu tinha como heróis , infelizmente certas coisas fazem parte do processo do desenvolvimento :( 
you're dirty and i hate you = i really miss you please talk to me :( 
seeing all these couples walk into olive garden makes me wanna settle down 😞 
USERNAME i just miss you :( ( we haven't spoken like all day :/ 
man it's so scary and sad seeing someone with dementia . :( 
i mean a girl friend wouldn't be bad #wantone 😞 
USERNAME are you still on the phone ? and don't give me that face i sorry 😔 
not where i wanta be :( pout (@ time warner cable arena for dallas mavericks vs charlotte bobcats w/ 95 others) URL 
i want to go to the after party . 😔 
the final icarly is in two weeks ... that means i only have two more weeks to live .. 😢 😭 😥 😰 😓 😩 
i cant believe icarly is ending ! it's my favorite . :'( 
supposed to be hanging out with my mother right about now . too bad she ditched me </3 
i got 99 problems & tuskegee is the root of all of them 😔 ! ! 
my og finna go out , somebody needs to come see me ! ☹ 
i didn't realize how much cheerleading was apart of my life until it was over ): #sad 
the last episode of icarly is in two weeks 😭 😭 😭 😭 i'm gonna cry #mylifeisover 
USERNAME haha i wish ! they're at the game 😔 they'll be home latee ! 
fml .. i'm getting sick :'( but tonight i'll be holding up traffic ;) 
seeing all these pictures is making me want to cry 😥 
oomf needs to come take care of me i have the flu :'( 
wow , my boyfriend is being a slow ass texter > :( 
i wish someone would send me flowers ... 😔 lucky USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME the score won’t look like it , unfortunately . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME she's cheating on me ! ? 😰 💔 
USERNAME livy i'm sorry . ): we used to be like best friends . this shit sucks . i realize that being with logan made tense . forgive me ? 
USERNAME waait , like how ? >.< lol but awe that sucks 😞 i would crryy ! 
USERNAME oh absolutely ! i can't wait to come home and visit all mu friends from home . i haven't been home in ages :( 
USERNAME i was gna get you justin bieber for your birthday but he was busy today sorry :( 
eating chocolate cake like a fat kid 🙊 .... well , technically 😔 i am . 
i wish i could have stayed w/ skyler :'( mad that i'm here till monday . 
USERNAME i'm at a wedding dear . :( with keith and cheri ... 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( ..... it's a must for all west coast trips 
USERNAME needs to get off work ! i'm hungry . 😢 
in need of chocolate therapy . why does it have to be at raleys ? ? 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know you don't like the 99 meet xiris :( 
USERNAME oh my god i meant shirt size omg disregard that . but really ........ shirt size ? :( 
4 straight losses :( the wvu football fan train is coming to a halt , all bandwagoners may exit safely . i still love them ! ! 
watching barbs eat . cause i don't eat chicken :( @ popeye's URL 
18 years wasn't long enough ... i would give everything just for one more day . 😰 😰 😰 👼 💔 
USERNAME waa ! ! 😭 maybe in another life ! haha have fun ! i'm jealous ! 
idk why i try .... everything is a fail for me :( 
USERNAME soo i suck at life . my phone died last night so i didn't have an alarm clock and i forgot my charger at home . :( (( 
the part where rue dies and district 11 fucks shit up gets me every time . 😥 #sosad 
i quit drinking today . nothing good happens when i drink anymore 😔 
USERNAME apparently i need to be over 25 to get a drink at your concert :( anyways hurry up ! my sister cant wait to see u #believetour 
great . looks like i need to start saving up for a new car 😠 but wtf am i supposed to drive in the mean time ? ! 😥 fuck you sally . 👈cars name 
putting on a fake smile because i have to . #sad #angry #depressed 
USERNAME wish i got to meet you yesterday jon :( i better see you on monday tho 
USERNAME mhm . did she tell you about steve at all ? t.t 
USERNAME USERNAME he says he doesn't like instagram , i told him the same thing today ! ! 😔 
USERNAME dude i wish i still had my ps3 i wouldve kept uploading shit like that :( 
eating in the coolest restaurant ! ! reminds me of my uncle </3 #nascar #family #remember URL 
USERNAME 😔 😢 😥 just call me when your done 
USERNAME 😔 haven't seen it yet . watch it for me 
i hope this #molly kicks in soon , i'm feeling lonely and that makes me sad . ): 
USERNAME i have a math test tuesday :( did you have to take math ? 
best movie on tv tonight . to bad i have to watch alone :( 
USERNAME i work at levi's on blac friday :( ( 
cant bealive sofia got the i touch 5 and me no get iphone 5 :( 
USERNAME he's talking to some new chick ._. it is hard 😞 
USERNAME butthead did you ever follow her ? i was feelin like crap yesterday so kinda didn't do my #ff . :( 
just saw my friend dance to gangnam style and gee ! so amazing . wish i could dance :( 
USERNAME what the fuck ? ! ? i just wanna hang out with someone 😔 
taking my dog to the emergency vet hospital 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i hope he's okay 
sad USERNAME and USERNAME didn't come and get me 😭 
now that you gone , i want u back . 😖 😢 
seriously about to walk to dd or something . i'm so bored :( 
omw to the hospital ... hope my momma okkay :( 
USERNAME USERNAME stop i miss u guys so much ... 😭 ps i got the ipone new number 5087761132 
revised (7.0 -> 6.6 ): 6.6 earthquake , 56km nne of shwebo , myanmar . nov 11 07:42 at epicenter (18m ago , depth 9.9km). 
putting on your retainer after not wearing it for awhile :'( ugh i wanna scream . #fuckstraightteeth . 
my cramps hurt ! i dont wanna move . wish i were here to kiss it better ... :'( 
USERNAME my mom told you stopped by yesterday ! im so upset . i wanted to see you ! ! :( 
i wanna cry #icarly 's final season finale is coming in 2 weeks and #victorious is recording there last season nickelodeon is ruined 😢 😭 😪😩😫 💔 😰 
USERNAME i just want too say i miss you and your family and yah . 😔 we need too hangout soon ! 
USERNAME 💔 i need you back in my life ! 
everyone tweeting about work & i well .... don't have a job 😭 😤 😡 
USERNAME okay already mr . martain , please give it a res t.t hey won;they beatem can we move on now ? ? ? 
awwh just found a bunch of pictures from scotland this summer 💔 😭 #scotland 🇬🇧 
when you pop blood vessels in your finger at work<<< #fuck :( 
omfg i need a bestfriend who's just like me ! ! ! oh wait yeah i do have her .... in vegas 😭 😭 
social networking sites are boring tonight . wish i had something to do tonightt . 😔 
USERNAME lol not even . i'm not up like you 😔 
when u follow a person u chat to everyday and they don't follow u back ? ! ? 😧 
while waiting for the vet for his annual shots 😿 #kitty #cat #neko #gato #mao # @ all care vetinary hospital URL 
USERNAME oh don't say that . :( you seem happy ! 
USERNAME oh yeah forgot 2 mention its gonna be a balmy 23 degrees tomorrow morning here .. i'm jealous ur in fl :( 
my rooney is missing 😭 😭 😭 come home bb 😿 
i can't smoke cause rite aid does drug tests 😥 #needajob #butwanttosmoke 
trying to sleep while whiny kids are in the house << give me a break . #imsick #fml 
there are kids skating backwards faster that i can regularly . :( (@ astro skate) URL 
USERNAME i was almost there today . didn't happen though . :( 
i guess it's time to let him go , let him go ... </3 . 
USERNAME i was sleeping :( tweet me when you're up & we'll skype ! 
i already took a 3 and a half hour nap but i wanna go back to sleep 😔 
phones dying & i already left , fml 😔 🙅 
#alabama #heartbroken #bcs can't believe we lost after beating lsu :( 
USERNAME lol okay stay awake . i called michelle and she no answer me :( 
i'm just kinda done .. but i can't even tell you that because you won't speak to me . 😔 
i really do miss my best friend . why did we have to grow up . we could have still been close . #sadtweet 
i don't like how it gets dark so early , it makes me tired ): 
i still want USERNAME to follow me really bad :( 
what is happening to my county ? #pakistan your such a disgrace .. 😥 
USERNAME i was literally just thinking the same thing 😭 
work is moving incredibly slow tonight . 😭 just wanna be in my bed ! 
USERNAME i want to but i'm broker than hell ! :( 
USERNAME i knoww :( how long are you gonna be up ? ! 
jealous of USERNAME :( ( take me with you ! ! ! ! #iwannago 
when alabama beats somebody , i usually creep on the opposing teams twitter accounts to see what they say .. can't do that this time 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME oh my goodness ! poor sciubbs 💔 😫 😓 
USERNAME foxy is still no better ! ? 😥 i'm sorry .. 
USERNAME we aren't . :( just came to shop & visit & check out his new crib . USERNAME a lame ass & works tomorrow . haha . 
USERNAME screw you for encouraging USERNAME to drop my phone you little jerk it wasnt that simple to get it :( 
the medicine i just took made me puke :( i thought i was getting better #fml 
USERNAME im good how are you ? ! i miss you :( 
i miss myy brother cameronn x my great grandpaa ! :'( ... having a melt down right now ... r . i . p ! 
USERNAME i got there by car . it seems to be the only way right now . 😞 
one of the speakers in my phone blew out 😞 
USERNAME aahh i'm sorry ! don't hate me ! :( haha 
i had a dream last night that i had a dance audition and i couldn't dance anymore . #horrifying i woke up crying 😭 
can you help me get ab workouts ? ! my phone got stollen so i lost all of mine . :( 
USERNAME that's so lame ! ! ! i wish i could save you 😞 
USERNAME omg same here ! ! my favorite movie is the boy in the striped pajamas , it's so sadd 😔 
USERNAME just saw this and nothing ! ! ! ! what are you doing :( 
USERNAME i know sweetie i hate this feeling which i had someone special to take care of me to make me feel better 😒 😢 
spending my saturday night like i did lastnight . doing nothing . staying in ! 😞 🔫 
the one night i need my dad more than anything 😔 
your my everything , i need for you to get better for me ... i already hate seeing you like this . :-( 
USERNAME just because you don't doesn't mean no one else does . he loves me okay . :( 
who wants to see breaking dawn part 2 with me ? no one . sad life .. 😞 
it is impossible for me the type everything right on my phone without the keyboard clicks . 😥 
i can't fathom that this is the last day of my first lvcfh season ... :( 
USERNAME a lot of offers on dribble are looking for people like USERNAME and USERNAME not a younger guy like myself . :( 
kenapa aku pergy stalker kau pagi2 nih ! adoyy ! habis semua mood aku hilang . :( 
USERNAME yeaa soon . hopefully i dont lose my touch . i miss my throwing knifes :( haha 
18 years old & i still get all giddy & shy when a mascot hugs me .... i'm forever a little kid 😔 
boys think of girls just like books if the cover doesn't catch their eyes then they won't even bother to read what's inside :( 
:( so can u go with us monday ? ? rt 
USERNAME how come u don't write any squirtlike tweets ? it upsets me 😞 
lol my momma talking bout my face & thighs is getting chunky :( that's it ? ! ! ! 
USERNAME he's lathargic and drooling and shaking and he won't move 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i wish i can see them sometime soon 😔 😥 #missyou 
he left now :( so i'm stuck babysitting 2 little annoying girls 
i feel like i'm bothering the ish out of you ' 💔 
USERNAME :( ( he has a job now ! ! lmao 
USERNAME i seriously wish you were here with us :( 
william needs to just stay my bestfriend , i know when he lying and wtf he be on . we wouldn't work out ☹ . i love ya thoo nbs ♥ 
happy 237th birthday devil dogs , hope you guys get hella fucked up ! makes me think about my boys 😔 #6monthstiltheyarehome 
mi iphonee 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 lo deguavinee 😭 😭 😭 URL 
it's just me , my covers & my bed tonight 💤 😔 😴 
USERNAME lmfao ... mijitoo like how many times i told you ya mama don't got the whipp :( 
USERNAME oh i wanna . i abolsutely have nothing to do ): 
i wanted them to play me and mrs's jones 😞 
leah just threatned to kill me & emilee ... #wah ): 
just when i think i can love him again he goes back to his lieing cheating self again who can i trust ? ? ? ? :( 
grown negros in my dms & mentions 😞 😞 😒 #swerve 
this is everything i've ever worked for and wanted , so why am i having second thoughts ? 😔 
last time taking pictures for keppel basketball 😢 ❤ #seniorsalready #keppelbball #va @ mark keppel high school URL 
whether or not i am living in brampton next semester is going to change a lot ! :( 
“USERNAME food coma ! USERNAME URL baby daddy left me 😭 😭 
big mistake turning simon birch on . so sadd 😭 😪 
i want to go home snuggle with my kitty and watch my 42". funny part is i only have my t . v and my home . #rip #mybaby 😭 
USERNAME i got my eating out of the way now it's just to sit at home alone bored :( 
; ): ): ): ): ): ): ): ): ): ): ): ): ) he always makes things rite .... patience is key 
why why why did i tell my grandma i didn't want a steak why did i pass up a beautiful steak ! ? why what is wrong with me .. :'( (( 
employee parking at the mall is so ghetto . won't be surprised if i get jumped after my shift hahah 😭 
USERNAME yes ! when i've recovered from my ailments 😞 
dark before 6 :-( and freezing . cali bound ! (@ love's travel stop) URL 
why don't strangers ever wanna smile back at me ? ! 😔 #jerks 
i feel like we argue all the time .. #hateit 😔 
USERNAME lol even if u did have something to do u would pick me first anyways ... 😢 
my dad goes out more than me that's just sad :c 
that one friend that never told me she was leaving nor did i get a goodbye USERNAME </3 
USERNAME :( well call me ah lil later and kiss my baby for me please thnx . 
i spent way way too much money today :( but i got crazy cute stuff (@ sears) URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i can't be off the team # :'( 
USERNAME lol ! what hookah in downey ? i just had hookah last night . janet ? le pegan . :( 
wish i wasn't going coyot huntin in the morning ! otherwise i'd be at movie night ! 😔 😢 USERNAME 
my mama always fill sorry for ppl who dont have anything :( 
USERNAME hahaha i know 😔 i don’t go to school this semester till 1, it’s badass ! 
USERNAME mitt romney never knew where he stood on issues and ... nevermind </3 
doesn't feel right that my dog isn't here anymore :( 
USERNAME USERNAME psh i wasn't private and he still didn't see me . :( lol 
laging nasa icip ka . hndi na magbabago magpakailan pa man ! :( this song doe </3 
USERNAME shoot girl . mee too . i'm boredd :( 
i need sushi in my life ... like asap :( #withdrawal 
off to dinner , totally not looking forward to it 😞 ✌ 
so much driving today . robs last game . 😥 
zac efron's eyebrows are perfect and mine aren't wah wah wah :'( 
when i see new pictures of ayden i literally freak out . i really want to see my stinker already . 😣 
my alarm for sunday morning makes me the saddest little girl :( 
i just broke a nice show glass i feel bad :( 
when my work buddy's don't work<<<<<< 😭 😭 😭 😭 😢 
i'm getting sick 😢 , but now i have medicine thanks to my brother 
can't stop think . about my bff so much that much miss my bffs USERNAME 😢 
USERNAME trust no one .. cuz u unfollowed me girl :( 
USERNAME cause i just do :c && well , i liked him but hes a jerk so i was like fuck it ! lol 
sad face , i wish i knew what it felt like to cuddle :( 
USERNAME here's my best impression of you . wish i thought of it before halloween :( URL 
when your own mom calls you desperate , you feel like a 2 ton boulder just fell and crushed your heart ... #depressed 
happy birthday popop ... everyday i just miss you more and more ... </3 .. 
rt x10 USERNAME you don't always get what you want , but you get what you need and maybe i don't need you like i think i do 😞 #losinghope 
USERNAME mother plucker im missing it . 😭 😭 😭 😭 sing for me okay ? 
he's not gonna let me use his charger ? :( (( 
😭 😭 🙈🙉 boredom kills 📷👩🔫 she is hella trying to get @ kaiser permanente hospital - second floor maternity ward URL 
USERNAME noo , not now ! i'm eating . :( 
USERNAME you said you watched animal planet on the daily ! and it reminded me of the bad touch . haha . leave me alone :( 
i'm enjoying my mobile device while i can . no telling when it's gonna go on to glory 😔 #brokeasscollegestudent 
USERNAME where r u ? ur not at dads ? 😞 
USERNAME yes please ! it's raining here :( hope you're having a blast ! you best be showing me pictures of this fantabulous place soon ! #ily 
ive slept 14 hours since last night and im already tired .. #doenstmakesense 😔 😮 😳 
when USERNAME isn't working while you are ... 😭 😭 😭 
look up bitter in the dictionary and my name will be under it . 😭 😩😫 😡 😤 
maria did not ask me if i knew how to dance 😧 
ssoo this was a fail :( i want to learn how to , n e good teachers out there ? #icerink #ic @ fresno ice rink URL 
little cousin is so innocent , shes telling me tht shes gona put milk &cookies for santa , breaks my heart 2 know that there is no santa </3 lol 
no shoulder to lean on cz its miles away :( 
every time i come into the video they disconnect . :( #lifeofhannahhensley 
USERNAME fuck .. you're right :( we're pathetic people :( #foreveralone 
didn't get to see USERNAME at work today ! :( 
i feel like a disappointment to my parents . nothing i do pleases them . 😭 
USERNAME my girls have been in bed for an hour and i'm bored till 1 now lol 😔 🔫 
my parents are staying here with me instead of going to a partyy , until my babyy gets home so i wont be alone 😭 💜 
haven't been to the movies in years ! anyone wanna take me ? ): #bored 
i burnt my taste buds on my tongue 😣 😖 😑 
one day you're the hero , the next day you're the goat . 😔 
i hope we all grown & laugh at this one day 😔 
i wish i didn't have to pretend i'm alright </3 
USERNAME hahaha ya don't say ? is that why our average computer ranking is 19 ? #fml 
i will no longer be speaking with john because he likes to go to sushi without me :'( 
came to get my oil changed and ended up with the whole mall ! how does this always happy 😑 😑 😣 URL 
ends today: best buy knocks 15% off of itunes gift cards (update: 20% off for rewards members ): from 9to5toys . co ... URL 
USERNAME wwhhyy did you post this 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i'm really tempted to just wear a sweatshirt and sweatpants to dinner tonight cause its gonna be so cold . but i need to look cute 😭 
can someone explain to me why my camera is crap in this lighting :( URL 
my voice is getting close to being completely gone . 😷 😣 
- one of my little twin brothers is sick , melting my heart :( 
mom:why u walkn n this late at night , only thing open this late are legs; me :( undermybreath) my legs wasn't open but my ass was up n the air 
i straight up told my mom what's sup until she bitch slapped me i want back to my room 😔 not risking it ... 
when the one you love's in love with someone else , don't you know it's torture ? i mean it's a living hell . 💔 👎 
i been called mean so many times today :( i not mean 
my brother crying cause he got his itouch stolen at the games .. << 😢 saddest thing ever . 
just heard a radio advertisement using the word when spelling out a url and felt sad :( 
before that woulda knocked me off my horse faster than you can say now a days i can laugh ... n joke about it ... after i cry in corner 😥 
is there anyone that lives close to me i could stay with tonight ? my house has no power , meaning now heat 😭 
you know your a loser when cleaning sounds fun on a saturday night . 😔 
my friend and i missed our bus so were sitting on the curb . :( 
oh ya no lloras pq ya no tienes mas lagrimas :( 
USERNAME i know if you'd ever talk to me ): mel does more than you do 
his girlfriend broke up with him 😔 so sad . he was so good to her . 
chest and heart pain are back . back to the doctor for another x-ray . #fml 
my stitch is halffway out and hurting and my mom doesn't even care . 😒 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME haha ya i was debating on it . trying to save money 😞 
USERNAME i'm kidding i'm fucking bored ! i cleaned ! ! :( 
i need to dye my hair it's fading so bad and it looks horrible 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME right ! ! what are we gunna do ? :( 
almost at work :( but i know i will be with you tomorrow all day can't wait 
USERNAME ew no brooke lol pregnant ppl can't be sexy like sexual sexy .. & i love my hair dark but miss my blonde :-( 
can't ever get comfortable for a nap on the bus 😔 😩 
never needed a pumpkin iced coffee so bad in my whole entire life than right now 😥 
pray for me as i go to this hospital ... something isn't right with my body . :( 
in the walmart parking lot there is an amish women in a super nice suv watching a movie .. 😧 😐 changes everything i thought i knew . 
USERNAME ohh :( i hope she feels better soon ! ! ! 
danielle told eleanor that she didn't listen to little things bc listening to it would make her fall for liam again </3 
USERNAME i was just thinking the same damn thing . i'm sitting in class dying :( 
shes telling be about how she gave her bf and his bro head v.v tmi 
USERNAME idk , why so latee ? ! ? 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME we did folder stuff and got stuff back and then we did an sat essay :c 
feel soo sick . have a hair appointment that i forgot to cancel . 3 hours of sitting in an uncomfy chair . boo 😣 
USERNAME yeah unless you're 18 ! it's dumb but that's how it is :( just a parent or legal guardian/grandma ! 
i dont have another day off til next thursday :( 
why do i have to take chemistry ... ugh :( 
i wish i face timed with my friends more 😞 
wish i could see #1donellen 💔 💔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
it's a sad moment when you leave your ps3 on all night & all the controllers die . 😔 
everytime the episode where denny dies comes on i have to change the channel or i end up balling 😭 
USERNAME no ma'am , i didn't go to school today & i'm going outta town :( sorry 
i'm so exhausted i don't want to go to work :( 
on top of everything , i'm really sick 😷 😔 👎 
USERNAME idk :( ( wahh ! ! i need a math tutor asap tho ! the semester is coming to an end quick :( what are your plans tonight ? 
omg such a terrible family ... ur have it so rough :{ ..... 
USERNAME i wish i was ! i'm going to arkadelphia to watch the mena vs delph game ! 😔 
professor valrie is playing my creative expression video in front of the entire class :( oh my embarrassing ! 
bout to go get this eight hour shift over :( 
im sorry :( rt USERNAME USERNAME nothing to be ashamed of .. 
USERNAME i lost yours when i got a new phone ! ! 😢 
hope he feel fine about it ... :( not sure 
i just want to go home and eat 😔 🍦🍟🍔 #fatgirlprobs 
target always gets the best of me 😔 there goes $100 on shit i didn't need 
USERNAME hook up as in how ? lol bc i cant give discounts anymore :( 
this is the time i feel bad for the animals that roam around with no place to go 😫 😭 
i was crying today in 2nd block . lol imma punk :( idc tho 
doh ! no promo code for existing USERNAME and USERNAME to take uber to get to the party tonight :-( URL 
wondering why my boyfriend isn't answering his phone or returning my text ... soo unlike him :( hope he's ok :( 
and this is why i don't eat buffalo chicken .. #heartburn :( 
USERNAME haha don ! i miss giving animals personalities with you :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i believe that's called revival . alot of ppl wr praying 4 it &i think its all we have lef t.t he meaning of r holidays 
USERNAME a young lady , & very much valued by many , joy lynn mifflin . i didn't know her personally . i knew her mom more :( ugh ! 
ever since i did that poster on my pap i've been thinking about him all day 😔 😓 #imissyou #rip ❤ 
USERNAME oh ull get posted i'm all about it on twitter but they might be playing on longhorn network and i don't have that :( 
today i'm thankful for all the people that love me . i just wish we could all be together . #crosscountryprobs la , 'ville , kc , the gee . :( 
USERNAME text me 😭 😪 😭 😪 😭 😪 😭 
good luck tonight boys , sorry i can't be there to cheer you on :( kick some ass 😊 👊🏉 
my sides hurt , so bad . my rib cage is hurt ): 
i want burgers , thanks to my weird ass dream i had 😞 🍔🍟 
it's nice in the sun but cold in the shade :( 
and USERNAME ain't give USERNAME no beats to weakstyle on lmao :'( 
i want ice cream and cake and cake 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 
USERNAME me trying to stay #awake but it's not happening #fml 
USERNAME awh jess :( i don't know what happened , but if you ever need anyone to talk to i'm here for you , girl 😊 
who needs a heart , when a heart can be broken 💔 
really hate when people tell me i have a distinct voice because i have a high pitched voice 😞 
USERNAME hahahahahahahaha , fuck you ! and miss yeww too . :( 
idk what to do ? ! ! everything seems to be crashing down on me at once 😔 
whatever i do i can't fall asleep ... someone entertain me 😣 
USERNAME ha , i’m worried i caused some of that grief by submitting that bug report . sorry . 😢 
USERNAME i will not . 😔 i'll be in columbus . 
USERNAME is literally 10mins away from me and i'll be sitting home because i didn't have the money to afford a ticket ... 😭 💔 😔 
USERNAME this is when i really miss jamba ! they played some good ones ! 😔 
i don't know what i'm gonna do with out my baby this weekend 😪 💔 
USERNAME the civil wars ? noo :( i love them ..... 
don't know what i'm going to do on friday nights when there is no more football games 😢 
going into meltdown mode ... just when things are going up , the rug keeps being pulled from underneath :( ... fuck you life ... 
i can't believe i forgot my headphones 😭 😭 #gosh 
im definitely gonna go blonder , cause my hair looks dull af 😔 
USERNAME omg ok , im prob going to cry at least once there especially if he plays killing me inside + alcohol :'( ((((( lol 
i wanna take music publishing next semester soo bad i hope a spot opens up :( 
USERNAME i hope you know next weekend we have to go even harder since you babeys USERNAME won't be here this weekend :( 
moment when a friend wants you to go somewhere and you dont want to go . 😣 
USERNAME i wish i could but im on a band trip :'( 
USERNAME asiaa .... so i was sitting in chem today , and i kinda like really miss our class ): 
today , i really miss USERNAME 😭 i don't like you living in la anymore . i miss you walking in my front door unannounced ! 
USERNAME i'm taking bio and bio lab online next semester so i don't have to do that . i'd cry 😢 
i've seen metric four times but all of them were too recent for metric to focus on the album :'( 
USERNAME oh that sounds amazing ... however i dont think they would thrive in my apartment :( 
"USERNAME who had powdered donuts ? ! URL looks so grown up ! :( 
except for when it comes to that whole thing ... i'm horrible at it :( 
USERNAME USERNAME lmfao omg keenan . i miss him :( haha #superman 
hello grcc god i miss you so much #summer #work #family 😢 😩 
oh we poppin pills now ... 😒 USERNAME i finished my whole bottle of pills cause my tooth 😔 and no not in one day” 
why the fuck to i always rip my pants in public :( #embarrassed 
USERNAME ikno ): it was a crazy time we got rooms at the hotel and security came three times lol . but ill see ya tomorrow ! ! ! 
hating on USERNAME cuz he's living my dream>>>> #noschoolfridays 😣 
i relapsed and went to the nail salon 😔 ctfu 
i should be at one direction ellen show but i'm taking my algebra 2 test 😭 
i was seriously two points away from first honors . #fml 
i would think i'm getting a msg like hey nufy how are you i miss you ! #butno 😞 lol URL 
USERNAME omfg twitter isn't showing me like half of your tweets i;'m goin g to sue i have to see all of your tweets ! ! ! ! ! ! ! > :( twitter 
USERNAME try & nap if you can . i'm so zonked from insomnia & early studio sessions this week , waveforms are dancing on my computer screen :( 
this sucks ! 4 transformers just blow in my neighborhood caching the power line on fire . now we're all in the dark till concor can fix it :( 
USERNAME USERNAME its okay ive had two mental breakdowns already > :( 
i just want it to be later so i can see my gf again ): USERNAME 
the thing that upsets me the most about getting ass raped by academia next week is i can't get drunk every night .. 😔 
USERNAME crap ... i was thinking if my other devin :'( sorryy arvin ! 
really hate when ppl precede to tell me that i have such a distinct voice becuz of how high pitched my voice is . i know i know . 😞 #squeakers 
knowing there is letters in the mail for me and still not receiving them yet . <<<<< 📝📭📮👎 💔 
my baby kayla needs an mri on her back :( (@ baxter county regional medical center) URL 
USERNAME no you save me ! i'm at home , scary . :( 
you witness a lot of awkward run-ins when you're sitting in the hallway waiting for class . 😣 
didn't wear my glasses to class and ripped my last left contact . can't see a damn thing 😞 
someone bring me food . i'm dyinngg and can't get outof bed . ): 
god dammit . fuck . ass . fuck . car accident :( now i'm down a mirror . 
if the vikings loose my teacher takes points off my test #fml #thisisntfair 
danielle told eleanor that she didn't listen to little things bc listening to it would make her fall for liam again </3 
don't want to work tonight or all day tomorrow . can it just be sunday already ? 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME seriously mines 100 wtf i'm so dumb 😭 
USERNAME whhaatt ? ? why ? ? 😿 😿 😿 
USERNAME i'm afraid of the dentist too ! i cry as soon as i sit in the chair 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME twinjas pbo faces same evil :( 
ughh i have a free weekend and nothing to do and no one to see . :( 
i want to see all my nls friends again :( 
eww they gave me liquid hydrocodone for my cough 😳 😣 
i have way too many clothes . they won't fit in my closet ): #shoppingissues 
ok i'm bout the get 2 teeth pulled out 😢 wtf .. sorry guys if we're not gonna play tonight <3 
she started her period .......... time to respect the distance ...... she's just gonna get shitty and yell like last time :( (( 
USERNAME just another example of why i miss you :( 
USERNAME for real :( . we get excited about last place for better draft picks just to suck for another season . haha 
feel like shit , but can't go back to bed :( 
the story of my life ! 😔 @ every girls nightmare URL 
damn i need a blunt ! smh . clock out time has been pushed back am hour :( 
USERNAME i have to work six days a week :-( 
so i guess no walking to the c :( aww i was waiting for it 
my head hurts -_- i'm pretty hungry and i don't want have shity microwave tacos at work that caused me to throw up yesterday . :( 
fucking can't go back to quabbin till january when the new semester starts . wtf :( 
gonna go take care of my babee ! ! <3 #brokennose #soccerpeoblems :( poor #brandonjames :/ your #nurse is on her way ! (; 
i downloaded an update for USERNAME iphone app ... my prime means of #kcco , and now it won't even open anymore . #firstworldproblems #fml 
USERNAME i'm going home 😔 make sure artemis is still the best fam around 💜 
mis estudios universitarios se están interponiendo con mis sueños de capturar un charmander shiny 😭 
USERNAME and i just tried to supersize our meals at mcdonald's . they said no . :( 
USERNAME i totally miss day drinking while sitting on the dock or cruising in the boat 😞 
i'm so ready for next weekend it's crazy gonna be a long week waiting ! :( USERNAME i better see you ! 
everyone is going on road trips this weekend . i want to go on one . 😣 
USERNAME i'm sorry mo :( . e . p . is in my past , and that's where it will stay . we'll meet up again at some point . no doubt in my mind 
USERNAME feels like the virus , i can't eat or nothing 😞 
muy pronto no estaré conectada a twittah :| mi internet no me funcionará ! :( 
minha saudade pelo rj aumenta a cada segundo . n to mais aguentando 😫 😢 😞 😕 
prince naveen blew a kiss to a little girl in wheel chair and she starting crying , i started crying , feels are pouring everywhere ! 😭 😭 😭 
at apple store hoping my poor computer gets better soon 😁 #brokencomputer #sadday 
going to the gym hungover doesn't end to well 😞 
my moms a beepp she's getting the iphone5 and she doesn't even wanna get me a 4s again :( i miss my iphone ! 
USERNAME changed his avi to an old one clearly he hasnt gotten his life lol :( 
aww :( i feel so bad for him , he sweet as hell and she doing him dirty shaking my head 
missen my amazing wife ! can't wait to see her sexy butt ! thinkin bout her makes me smile ! another long day ! :( 
i gotta stop being so strong all the time .. it's ok to break down sometimes 😞 
pine bluff in the house , 😔 USERNAME wish you were here ! always feel like the bitches r guna come after me lol #retail 
“USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME its about time ! ! lakers fire mike brown URL took them for fucking ever 😔 
headed home from USERNAME won’t land til after 11pm though :( 
my bed is calling my name ! i hate being away from him for so long :( ( 
USERNAME USERNAME with a blunt to drown my sadness 😔 
i honestly hate not talking to you . it drives me crazy , you're all i think about . 😔 
USERNAME oh my gosh :o poor marko :( feel better ! 
first my godson passed now my house caught on fire ! ! ! ! ! this is not my fucking month :( 
i have given myself the task of starting our wedding guest list today .... 😳 😔 
who's gonna take me to winter wonderland this year ? i've never been :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME omg don't announce it to the whole world ! 😳 😭 😭 😭 😭 
whaa ashley street school and the baseball fields 😩 😭 
USERNAME god bless you and yr family ! ! ! ! i feel so sad for u all :( 
let me know i'm not aloone . lol . 😞 seriously tho 
USERNAME bb filming on steinway im here and you are not :( 
USERNAME yeah ! they are cute and watching this is horrible :c 
sucks that i won't be able to see my boyfriend all weekend 😔 
i still don't wanna sell my ipad 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME ahh ! ! ! ! no :( i need to hear it though . i was thinking about it yesterday when i put my poster and calendar up ! 
#iwillneverunderstand why warped tour is so far away . :( 
my baby's eyelid is swollen 😢 i pray she's okay ! 
i just wanna lay in bed all day . 😔 
USERNAME veroo elle moque de nous koi . . :( 
USERNAME i think they are both liars he is violent as well i had an ex like him i see through both :( 
i wish my mom could just stay with me forever 😔 
dudes you used to have a thing for always ask you out ... after you meet someone new -_- #fml 
i hate when people beep at me when i'm driving , like fuck you you make me nervous 😥 ✋ 
happy aloha friday ! ! ! no work till tomorrow :( #wompwomp 
called into work . there goes my peaceful night at home 😔 
after having my dark green uggs for a year , that fateful day has come when i have witnessed another pair 😢 
i can't see any other tweets except mine . how do i fix this problem ? :-( #twitter #help 
USERNAME i want something on my back thats big but idk what either :( #struggling we need to brainstorm ! 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm in this drug and alcohol diversion program for getting in trouble 😔 
that room felt so cold ; i just want my house backk :( 
i forgot it gets dark early and nobody to pick me up from the train station when i get there . 😞 
USERNAME i feel the exact same ! i never thought i would miss my hometown but i do too ! 😔 
most boring day ever .. i just want too party :( #fuckschool 
please send me an acceptance letter ? ? oh wait i still have to audition in february :( #musicaltheatermajorproblems #imnotgettingintocollege 
rt USERNAME i cannot wait till monday to come back to USERNAME class . i miss my bff . 😔 
still death . blah . no work for me . :( 
feeling nostalgic and wanting to go home this weekend . not having a car sucks . 😣 
USERNAME aw i forgot to write on it ! :'( 
i can never tell if you're ignoring me or if it's just your phone lol 😔 
glad to know that i will be studying ap&p from 1-6 just to top it off with a 3 hour lecture until 9 😞 #fml 
damn just got pulled over for my suspended license and expired registration :( 
someone else always starts liking the guy i like and he goes for them . #fml #overit 
watching last nights episode of #jerseyshore , it's sad seeing the shore knowing it is so destroyed now . 😢 #restoretheshore 
girl u need to suck it up and not lose this friend ! ! ! ! 💔 😁🙏 
someone brought pizza to class :( the smell is literally filling the entire room lol . 
wow my tl is soo dead , it's probably gonna be dead all weekend 😞 
USERNAME your welcome . 💜 i'm always here- i even shed some tears for you ! 😢 
USERNAME jcp&l in nj is no better than lipa . i'm still without power :( 
“USERNAME holy shit me and USERNAME just were the first witnesses to this train crash URL so sad 😢 
USERNAME aww man ! ! :( well at least let me please holla @ that #speciaiitem . i feel like if i hashtag it'll eventually start trending . ;) 
USERNAME i miss you 😔 im having brian withdrawls ! ! ! 
starting to wonder if this is something else ... #fml 
all but one of my classes are closed an hour before i register :( (( 
i hate when i go poop but i forget to bring my phone so i just sit there pooping all bored and stuff . :( #firstworldproblems 💩 
i need to have a deep talk w/ USERNAME :( 
im sick and dayna wont make me tea . :( 
USERNAME damn ! ! i missed you pic slip :( 
waiting to get my nails done 😞 so bored . 
sugar rush ! ! ! ! ! ! ! # ! #######=()(&&/ :( & 
off to get a vaccum :( this is going to suck monkey balls ! 
USERNAME lol whatever austin . #nofaithinme #hurt #heartbroken 👎 💔 😔 
daamn v.v lol . they're looking at me like who tf is this bitch ? ! ahaha (x 
omg today was a sad day :( lol goodbye my racist , nerdy , hilarious auletta friendss <3 :'( 
my nose is so stopped up i can't breathe .. i keep waking myself up every time i try to sleep .. 😴 😞 😞 😔 
at the dental clinic :'( (@ shoreline medical associates) URL 
hootsuite acting up- no posts yet today ! :-( (@ my new home nlv) URL 
USERNAME aww :( let me know if you want help 
when your best friend used to date the guy you like . #fml 
i'm bout to cry , twitter i need you :'( 
USERNAME tried to retweet your pretty shout but it's not working ! :-( 
damn updates from x box they take forever with this slow internet i can't even play my game ! :( 
USERNAME it suppose to show monday nights but idk if it will keep going anymore 😢 shailene woodley instagramed about it . 
i can't believe i just did that 🙊🙉 😯 😧 😲 
USERNAME it should never fucking be funny in the first place ...... :( ( 
USERNAME cold weather makes me so sad ! ! :( 
at this point i don't kno wat to do :( 
USERNAME i'm so sorry :( i don't have your number anymore i would have ! 
USERNAME sorry to hear what happened to gucci ... :( 
doctors for the third day in a row #caddislovesme 😭 🔫💉💊 
well that was fun . have been without internet all day ! now to scramble for homework due :( 
jk . my teacher took a steamy dump on my hopes and dreams and i have to go next week . #fml 
remember when i had a job as a waitress ? #sadtweet URL 
why isn't anybody else's tweets popping up at #home i can only see mine :-( #sadtweet 
i wish i could have napped 😔 work at 4 
USERNAME home is where the heart is and .. and… i thought i had your heart :( 
words have power often not in a good way #fml 
USERNAME you don't understand how happy i am , i just might cry from excitement . 😭 
5th test today . 1 more to go ! #fml . #ihateschool . #tgif 
woke up to 10 grand in my bank account , then realized it's all going to asu . #depressing 
pretty sure i have the worst black friday shift ever .. #fml . 
so hungry . guess i better get used to it 😔 #dietproblems 
i went into today w a great attitude and life is hating on me harder than ever . 😞 
have you ever just wanted to kiss one person soo badly but you know ur not gonna lmao :( 
:( grandma fell today had to get stitches on her face and two hematomas :( #worried #lookssopainful 
burrito , hot sauce , pint of beer= last nights dinner . todays situation .... #assonfire :( 
4 and 1/2 more hours left here at work then dance practice *sigh* 😔 im tired . 
this bitch telling tony jr to smoke her out . bitch stfu v.v your voice is annoying & so are you ! (x 
when you buy a new pair of shoes & try real hard not to get dirt on them but someone always manages to step on them 😞 
USERNAME omgosh robert , it was such a great movie . you will love it . bring tissues though , its a bit sad . :-( 
i might be late for work . not my fault tho :( 
sick with no one to take care of me . an entire day of being miserable . alone :'( 
roses are red , violets are blue , it's cold as hell , USERNAME where are you ? ! :( 
are you kidding .... diamond holliday 2 is tomorrow .... 😔 
my bf has to go to arizona for a few days or longer and leaves in an hour wahh :( and it’s all unexpectedly ! 
i don't like the lack of tweeting going on lately . #stepitup #sadtweet 
i wish school was out right noow . #2morehours :( 
so @ cv people would be going to 5th and i wanted to play capture the flag ! :'( ((( aww that sucks that im here all sick ! 
mhmm . movies by myself . </3 #footloose #letterstojuliet #lovestory #country #movies #dance # @ huth estate ❤ URL 
USERNAME like need to . i just found out we don't have classes monday ! but i can't really do much this weekend 😔 text me soon though ! 
there's a tweet on my feed that i don't want to see anymore but no one is tweeting wth people ! ! ! ! 💔 
USERNAME no sorry babe , you're just wrong :( keep trying though ! 
4 more years ... this is what obama says to his wife .. i need 4 more years to live here in u . s could any one help me with this ? ? :( ( 
ugghh finally found an article ! ! ! ! holy shit , i've been here for 2 hours #fml #killmenow 
roses are red , violets are blue , it's really cold , USERNAME where are you ? ! :( 
really don't wanna go to the game by myself tonight ... :( 
i'm usually on a train to my heart via union station by now . blahh . #ridingsolo 💔 
not sure to blame USERNAME or USERNAME for my shitty service . might just buy a USERNAME and switch to USERNAME to test . :( 
USERNAME hey cutie i miss you , i hope you get better . come back to school :( 
no por nada , but i was a good girlfriend . his dad adores me & he said he missed me too :( omg , i'm about to cry <|3 
umm how am i going to get there ? :( 
USERNAME thanks ! it should be awesome . this is what i double-booked for this weekend . thought the scavenger hunt was next weekend :( 
USERNAME have you been doing anything special ? ! i'm trying to eat healthier and exercise when i can but i can't lose any :( 
#foodandwine there's nothing like it ! sad it's ending ... :( #disneyparks #epcot @ china pavilion URL 
USERNAME did twitter hit a rough spot ? all i see is me on my tl 😔 
USERNAME i want too ! ! ! ! but i just heard he wasn't coming cause of the hurricane 😔 
yea dat ! ! ! :( @ shipley park apartments URL 
someone should take me to the game tomorrow i don't wanna drive by myself from the eye 😔 😐 
herkezin calistigi bu dünyada soyleyin nasil gece cikmak icin plan yapilir kimsenin vakti kimseye uymazken :( 
had to go through full body scanner at the airport .. :( #tsa 
i lost my favorite piece of a jewelry my #tiffany bracelet heart i've been wearing for years . im devastated . #emotions :( 
umm 😨 😶 😱 😲 😵 😧 😮 😳 what 
imma be madd depressed tomorrow knowing USERNAME 's goingh to be in the same city as me & i can't see him .. fml ! ! 💔 😢 😭 💔 👎👎 
why can't i be sick instead of manu ? :( 
80e @ 8th (sf ): :slow down 35 mph curve 3 miles ahead (was: roadwork ahead left lane closed on bridge) 
80w @ bay brg s curve (sf ): :slow down 35 mph curve ahead 
wow . i let another wk go by where i didn't take any . it's on my calendar & yet i switch 2 manual override every time :-( #maslowfail 
USERNAME hey ! :( that's not nice .. im actually a really good cook . 
USERNAME 😘 😘 😘 😘 wish i got to spend time :( 
why did the sun have to come out ? :( 
macbook is sick :( (@ apple store w/ 4 others) URL 
on my way to get my gum surgery ): #wishmeluck 
USERNAME i can't get some , i am broke :( you buy some and share with me ! 
USERNAME melissa por favor contéstame . no seas haci :'( 
yesterday was just a horrible day :( thank god im feelin somewhat better today 
USERNAME salinas gets more than i do :( i seriously only get 102.5 and 104.3 where i live/work . sucks :( 
i miss you and jenn and everyone :( we all haven't got drunk in so long USERNAME long overdue 
my twitter being real stupid right now . can't see anyone's tweets but mine , won't refresh :( 
#familyfun #makingthebest of #sandy #ispy molliemariee #hurricane #cleaning #fml 🙊🔫 @ c20 block URL 
USERNAME haha it's mine too , i guess we can share lol ! i love whitney dude i cried when she died lol 😥 
even though its just two days i'm gonna miss you soo much 😔 💔 USERNAME i love youu . 
USERNAME i gotta stay in ! :( i'll text ya all night doe 
to all the girls that liked me and never had the balls to say something #smh #ucouldofhadme # :( 
can't believe what this hair stylist did to my bangs , about to cry 😭 
USERNAME im out at 5 😢 but my 6 pack of blue moons is waiting for me ! ! 
ellie goulding- bittersweet (produced by skrillex ): a few weeks ago ellie goulding hinted that her and her then ... URL 
USERNAME same for a bunch of others i follow , looks like it's broken for now . :( 
when USERNAME is mean to you 😞 <<<<. #meanie 😒 😞 👎 
cracked the front of my iphone 😢 😢 😢 😢 👎👎👎👎 
reading is not something i should be doing right now ..... 😔 
please #help ! who's #hiring ? ? #needajob #job #jobs #money #anyone #california #parttime #fulltime #helpme #advice #socal #orangecounty 😥 💰 
keep paying my car or get a new one ... #harddecisions being an adult is hard ! :( 
michael juss threw our project in the road :( & got it ran over . 
just got off the phone wit my brother black . he really understands where i'm at & i needed that . he's worried about me :( 
USERNAME im so bummed u guys wont be here this weekend :( safe travels ! ! see ya next time 
o-house emergency ! evacuation ! fire truck , police cars . i'm just pissed i didn't get to eat my stir-fry 😔 
my hair was so dead from coloring it too much . :( 
i never have anything to do on friday or saturday nights 😞 😒 😔 
USERNAME i can't , i'm going back to manhattan tonight :( 
my tl hasnt loaded for like 2 hours already :( 
USERNAME i've been listening to white lies , and doushite , and insa , and one , and all their ballads :( i'm listening to ft island too ... 
i just wanna lay down in front of my fire place and play 2k ... #sadtweet 
i hate working in orange beach , it's so dead in the off season 😔 
guess it's time to take them off . ! 😔 
mark wahlberg replacing shia le beouf on transformers 4 ! :( URL 
when you tell someone you love them and they don't say it back 💔 #pointless 
i've been waiting for USERNAME to text me all day 😢 
USERNAME no :( i didn't get anything after i asked how much trouble you wanted to get in 
omg i cried soo bad then my sister told me she caught him 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
it's so beautiful outside & i'm sick af :-( & no1 is texting me . y'all fake lol 
man i got nothing to look forward to after work . *sigh* 😔 😒 😞 
omfg no ones answering their calls or they already have plans . even my sister has plans with her friends :( #foreveralone 
how can it go from loving to nothing .. 😔 
i was walking to class , and this black girl said what's up cutie . 😣 👎 
USERNAME ohh my heart :'( :'( why ? your eyes :'( strange outlook <3 URL 
USERNAME love you too . even if you didn't txt me back ! 💔 lol 
the zone worse than getting put in the friend zone would be the no zone . the zone where you aren't even apart of their life anymore 😔 
apria healthcare #nursing #job : home infusion nurse l (per diem ): st . rose , la ( #st . rose , la) URL #jobs 
USERNAME now i have to wait till december :( URL 
meh to work . 😔 @ tully's good times URL 
im $0.06 short on my check register :/ damn it ... and i cant find my mistake :( 
dev is mad that he ate jeremy's hot dog and i ate zuki . 😔 
USERNAME i think we should see other people 🐠🔚 😢 
USERNAME :( you make me feel like a bad person . 
the yo is lonely without its crunch #missingm &ms </3 
i got slammed so hard at soccer last night into the wall . ouch :( 
USERNAME i was there cathy ! we must be passing each other :( great presentations though . are you going to design meets after ? 
USERNAME hahahaha yeah i was like bitch didn't say hi :( lmfao love you ! 
:( feeling down and out about my wittle life right now ! ! my tummy is empty ! ! ! and traffic is full ! ! ! ! URL 
i haven't hung out with USERNAME in a long time 😞 
USERNAME wow , that hurt my feelings . :( lmao 
USERNAME wow ! ! that is so pretty ! ! ! it's hella windy here . and this cold is really bothering my ankle already ! :[ 
“USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 URL ah mess . 
USERNAME hey girl ! i heard that y'all met loulou our black & white ruffed lemur this week ! so sad i could not come to do the show w/her 😔 
USERNAME why aren't you on the air today ? :( 
USERNAME ahh can't now bc i'm going i to work for training :( 
i'm gonna be knocked early tonight . lol noo i gotta stay up ): 
USERNAME i wish i could ! ! im coming home tues but im gonna convince bambam to pick me up earlier hahaa im having cindy withdrawls 😭 
definitely got googly eyes from a fat guy . :( 
is my twitter the only one fucking up ? like i can only see my tweets , no one else's . 😭 
i wish i could go see hannah and lauren play tonight 😞 
“USERNAME timmy chandler set for usmnt return (according to his club team ): URL USERNAME 
USERNAME girl i think i left my phone in your car :( :( :( 
earache for anna :( (@ eastman & wozniak pediatrics) URL 
i somehow always forget rellos when i go to the store #fml #stonerprobs 
my bestfriend is a grumpy gills today 🐠 😔 we need some brews 🍺 can i get an amen ? USERNAME 
USERNAME forever 21 got me hooked on bow clips , not crafty enough to make my own though :( 
truth is no matter what i'm doing who i'm with memories of us always come to mined hate that i miss you and still hurt from you </3 
USERNAME paul krugman on the fiscal cliff: #stagflation #inflation #highunemployment #depression 
it really sucks when you want someone you know you cant have 😔 
USERNAME i did . i had to return it and never got around to getting it again ... :( 
although i only need 2 more semesters to transfer , i'm getting stressed out because school is fucking expensive ! 😰 😫 😭 
i guess ill get a lot of studying done since i can't do anything . 😔 
so aggravated &, in the worst mood evaa ! ! ! 👊 😒 😔 
i guess wanting to have children or start a family isn't koo anymore in today's society ! ! never thought i would be that couple with a dog :( 
USERNAME yes none of my friends want 2drive out there :( i'm planing on leaving at 10am or around that time it starts at 7but doors open at 6 
USERNAME that's why you need to come visit me :( miss you more :/ 
zach broke my neck and jenna hit me in the face :'( 
i feel like poop ! i really wanted to go to ellen show :( 
i don't wanna go to work❗❗❗ 😠 😡 👿 😢 😩😫 #fuckwork #lazy #scrubbin @ my house URL 
just realized i have to ride the bus .... #sadtweet 
mother nature you suck ! ! ! ! ! 😔 😠 👎 
i just wanna know you won't wake up one morning and feel differently . 😔 
USERNAME i changed mine too it's purple now . ): 
USERNAME wahh ! ! i miss you too ! :( we should skype this week .. and king of the raft will come soon enough . summer '12 will be even better 
USERNAME awhh :( id say come over but i work til 915 
shit next month is the last month of the semester :( #sfsu 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME if only it gave fantasy updates :-( 
my twitter won't show me anyone's tweets except my own :( 
when my first and only pair of 4yr old chucks begin to fall apart .. 😭 😭 
#np aventura lagrimas sad wonder when will i meet you again ? :( USERNAME URL 
my girlfriend doesn't know what to do for her 18th birthday . she wants me to plan it . someone help . :( 
USERNAME wtf i didn't know that i'm sorry girl :( i am too technically we will have to go out when i get home 💖 
USERNAME soo my best friend USERNAME can get a follow back but i can't ? ? 😔 
i need someone to drag my butt to the gym today ... 😭 💪 
USERNAME they didn't have it on display :( they only had black 
i know i should , but i have absolutely no motivation to get out of this bed . keep falling asleep and having horrible dreams . :( 
USERNAME 😔 i know . i will be drunk . 
USERNAME i just haven’t found a good place . too much glare ... hard on my eyes :( 
torn back muscle . great every better then it already is . #fml 
USERNAME same :( i need someone to talk they can't all just ignore it ! and tbh i don't think justin is the one tweeting right now 
cool , i was looking forward to being with you today :( 
i love pulling an all nighter and spending 20+ hours on one model to find out that the doesn't show up . #fml 
i've been trying to fall asleep for an hour now but this coughing is keeping me up . #fml 😷 
i want to go to the beach :( take me ? ! 
lost both of my lip glosses :( oh what to do , what to do 
sitting in an airport and having no one to talk to :( <<<< 
😣 sick and having to work both jobs today 👎 
why do i eat like a 4 year old child :( 
that sad moment when you have to share your boyfriend with his friends 😞 
went home early cuz im sickie :( now watching a movie with my momma #meow #sorethroat #hatebeingsick #greenteatime 
now i'm dreading these longg 8 hours of work ⌛⏰ 😁 😣 😒 
tony got in a fight with a dog and lost :( poor baby . maybe he'll learn his lesson now . 
dumb stupid woman brain making me bad at directions . missed my bus to boston now have to wait an hour :( 
USERNAME sad face . looks like maggie won't be in casselberry tonight . :( 
USERNAME ((( omg se fue la luz en casa ! ! ! solo eso faltaba ,,,, :( 
the things i would do to be in ny right now :( 
so so tired .... 😢 all i wanna do is sleep ! 😴 
god . i miss you so much . so fucking much . your still here but .... not in the same way . come back .. :( 
USERNAME goo d: ) i want fakies put on again , i miss them 😔 
hate not driving to school anymore , i'm always the last one getting picked up :( 
do not wanna go down to the hall at 5 i hope there is no jobs dead tired n kinda sorta hung ova 😩 😔 
wale i can't believe u put that in your bio #teamfeelingshurt :( not cool USERNAME 
starting monday , penny starts visiting the toddler class room :( i'm going to be soo sad 
who am i supposed to go eat with ... all my friends went home :( 
its done , yeah were through and maybe i'm not over you . but there's nothing we can doo . you're gone . i am too . </3 #lovethis . 
USERNAME i can't wait to see you crazy ! ! ! after 4 long years :( 
i am so hungover at work . and then i have to go coach practice 😭 😭 😭 
the only thing i miss about this summer is you # :( 
our bus almost hit a beagle that ran across the road :( #scary 
i'm sad USERNAME i don't wanna wait an hour to get lil girl high with you :( 
i hate my mom so much 😡 👊💢 i just can't wait to leave this fucking hell hole house 😞 😒 😢 😪 💔 
i go back to kansas sunday 😔 😞 😣 😫 
yesterday as i was telling the devil i haven't smoked in two days , he finds in my coat a new pack . lmao the one time i wasn't lying :( ((( 
i think shes thinkin bout breakiin up with me ): 
i miss them 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
i almost killed me & USERNAME i'm tellin you , this bad feeling is getting scary -_- #fml 
my baby wonders ... if i love her ... 😔 
USERNAME what happened to me ! ! ! i'm heart broken now ! ! 💔 
feel like i'm going to have a panic attack 😣 #netflixandchilltime 👌 
anyone who's by a&p please come save me and sam from our boredness 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME but ... i've been missing rosalee for too long ! :( 
scrambling getting ready to go back to texas sunday 😦 😤✈💺 
military is all backed up the niagara falls bolvard is backed up & the thru way too these canadians ! #killme #shootme #ohmygod 😭 
wish USERNAME wasn't going to the nas concert without me tonight 😔 
wait i wish my barn was heated .... i don't want to ride in the cold .... i hate the cold 😞 
my employee base looks horrendous ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😱 😱 😱 can i do it again 😭 😭 😭 
rip USERNAME ....... ughh 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah , idk about him . i haven't asked . why does pville have to be so boring every weekend ? ? :( 
i missed my chatting buddy in 6th period :'( USERNAME 
the highlight of my day is now gone . :( @ preferred auto service URL 
fridays are pointless to have sessions 7 cancels . #fuckmylife 
USERNAME oh come on now who doesnt love a 4 hour tow ride back home ? ! :-( #sorryaboutit 
it hurts being away from you for so long :( #missyou 
nobody want's to go on a horse back ride :( #sadtweet #theydon 'tbitehard 
omgosh traffic ... 😣 i'm trying to get to the hotel so i can nap ! ! ! let's goo people ! ! 
USERNAME i can but won't be able to get a different size at the same price i originally bought them at . they're only sold online ! :( 
USERNAME gunna miss you too ! first weekend apart in awhile :( 
everyone else is all matching and swagged out up in this barber shop and i'm just sitting here in a t shirt and shorts 😔 #notblack 
took my industrial out for one clinical , and it won't go back in :( bummed .. 
my keyboard case for my iphone is getting worn down ! :( USERNAME USERNAME & USERNAME 
USERNAME i miss you so much durr ! 😔 we used to be so close and hang out all the time ! what happened :( 
USERNAME all the high schoolers are going to the volleyball games . i miss that time of year ! skipping school , red robin , fun times . :( 
you know it was coming after that black mamba stare he got last game ! 😾 🐍 yes ! #mikebrownfired #lakernation 
my bag got on the 4pm to dca , but i didn't . :-( (@ terminal b - boston logan international airport (bos) w/ 4 others) URL 
USERNAME no :( i'm babysitting 4 girls all weekend ... can't afford to pay for all 5 of us haha ! 
USERNAME yeshh thatz true but im having slight fever and cough and im soo dizzy 😞 and i really wanna play piano with chu 
USERNAME me too , i hate when the kiddo is sick :( 
who wants to go the the movies with me ? :c ill pay for everything . 
USERNAME so sad ! i started to tear up , and i don't cry . :( 
nothing pissed me off more than a fat girl in yoga pants :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME another way to look at this (petraeus ): URL 
hope i'm not getting sick :( i have too much shit to do this weekend ! #workworkwork #bengalsgame #studying 
surgery tuesday , who's brim me yogurt and soup ? 😁 😭 😣 
just seen the nurse about my leg and she told me to stay off it . :-( 
came home early cuz im all sickie :( #thissucks #sorethroat #ineedhottea URL 
happens all the time . no interviews and when i get one and take the damn job , other offers start coming in ... what to do , what to do ? #fml 
why does greys anatomy make me ball like a little baby every single time 😭 
USERNAME yeah ! the cuddling is the best . i've been working way too much to spend any cuddle time with my lovebug . :c boohoohoo . wahh ! 
USERNAME well they can't put the number 13. like it says but they put a 20 over it so it looks weird .. 😔 
USERNAME hey tony , did you end up posting your mec presentation (and slides ): making the call: on-premises or cloud ? 
USERNAME 😱 😥 😢 i can't have my pal being miserable at all let alone 24/7 👎 💜 💜 💜 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ugh i should've taken friday off too 😢 
i hate how greys anatomy comes on while im in school . :( 
daww .. a whole night away from each other 😢 😢 😢 URL 
USERNAME are you having problems from your wisdom teeth too ? i had mind taken out like 3 weeks ago and it still hurts 😢 
i'm like wait . hold up ! -please let me rollup :( 
friday evening live greyhound racing (all time's et ): bluffs run 5:00pm , palm beach 7:00pm , tri state 7:00pm cont . 
friday evening live greyhound racing (all time's et ): naples-ft . myers 7:00pm , sanford-orlando 7:15pm , daytona beach 7:25pm cont . 
how others were looking at you today :/ :( << 
i burned myself at least 3 different times trying to curl my stubborn hair . that's what i get for trying to look attractive . #fml 
USERNAME ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ i miss you too 😔 
friday evening live greyhound racing (all time's et ): gulf 8:00pm , pensacola 8:00pm , southland 8:05pm cont . 
USERNAME berdych tsonga tipsy all ve performed as though addin up numbers in masters finals . doesn't look gud at all :( 
i feel like USERNAME has been ignoring my snapchats ! ! ! ! what happened to looking forward to them :( 
no sleep all day monday and monday night or monday morning :'( 
now that i no he gone .... i miss him really bad :-( 
dont try to eat subway with a numb mouth :( 
#reasonsfacebooksucks 'like' if this is cute , ignore if you think it's ugly ): 
USERNAME being called a faggot on back to back calls , somedays it's just horrible to work for la city :( 
USERNAME #sadface i won't be home for thanksgiving break #notfun 😞 👎 my family is dragging me to north carolina #boo 
USERNAME you know i passed out today :( love you 😘 ❤ 
why so many tools needed for a root canal . :( URL 
i just wanna lay in bed and not do a thing 😔 
road conditions terrible . had a-1 towing dig me out this morning . cost $100 :( URL 
sad that i had to miss my last rider old high pep rally . :( but i won't miss us beating the coyotes ass ! 
why can't USERNAME just rt me and make my day ? 😭 
got in trouble for putting a dick on the projecter v.v #imdumb 
, rt . if you tired of being hurt 💔 🙍👎 😢 😭 😥 😤 😠 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😞 😞 😞 😞 ⚡ 
USERNAME no :( can't make it this time . #wah i'll def see ya soon though . 
i am sick and don't want to be here :( (@ nova southeastern university) URL 
USERNAME cause i love u like a sister u juss busy :( 
USERNAME awh . why i i when we hardly tap or hang out your sad :( 
USERNAME ya sabes vivan nuestros federativos mx ! ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME can't wait for tonight ! ! alas , may miss eva's set again ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( miss it everyday ! 
i think i ate way to much 😣 time for a 😴 
USERNAME USERNAME i wish i was there . i wanna cry ): 
USERNAME aww ! the my chemical romance issue from back in 2004 isn't on there ! i had it and it was trashed at USERNAME in '05 :'( 
shocker it's friday and i'm all ready bored as fuck ! ! ! ! ! !😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i’m upset my sister USERNAME don’t fuck wit me no more 😔 😞 
well that killed me inside . a lot . </3 
shit .. i have a hour to get ready and i look like a train wreck .. #fml 
#iwillneverunderstand why people kill one another .... over simple things ... now you doing 25-life for a pair of shoes :( just sad 
12 hour work days why dont you have a fast foward button 😣 
USERNAME i didn't even think i unfollowed you :( lol 
matthews gone all weekend for baseball , what am i supposed to do with out my best friend all weekend ? 😕 😞 😒 
practice is definitely not going to be the highlight of today .. 😔 
missing that USERNAME live stream cuz of stupid drivers ed ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
it's not a space conference without a rover demo (in this case from wpi ): URL 
“USERNAME we're in , this is the stage for today ! #1donellen URL i'm crying i should so be there right now 💔 
damn you lakers press conference . you interrupted days of our lives . that's why i like the clippers , they would never do this . #fml 
USERNAME well that all melted away already 😞 and now they changed the forecast for the weekend also might not get any just freezing rain 
eduardo just gave me my last haircut 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😔 
when all i wanna do is listen to poetic justice but i left my headphones at home 😢 
it's snowing and there are holes in my shoes so my feet are soaked :( #firstworldproblems 
what the hell i was just in full dream mode ... so sleepy :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME whatcha guys doing ? me es bored :( 
USERNAME text me homie i don't have you're number anymore :( :( 
i miss my boyfriend 😞 i wish there wasn't a possibility he will have to be gone for 4 more wks ... 
thank you USERNAME for randomly runnin in my room , kissin me and then leavein me :( #nocuddletime 
i wanna do something today &my babe get off too late 😞 
USERNAME i don't have tat money :( ill go with u tho ! after work ? 
had to change my avi again because mean girls keep picking on me ... 😔 😩 😢 😭 
i hate that i'm over thinking all of this .<< :( 
oh my gosh i am soo cold ! ! ! ! ! 😔 😦 
ahh my mom doesnt wanna watch spiderman with me😩 😥 #iwillneverunderstand 
but but .... i don't wanna go to work ! ! ! :'( 
she mite be busy so i think i talk to her later :( ( but i want her now 
you can come live at my house and go here USERNAME ): 
USERNAME aw babe i am coming to take care of you ok :( 
i can't afford to go to all of these awesome country concerts happening in the summer and its killing me ! 😭 😭 😭 
today <<<< but i knew that was gonna happen :( 
my birthday dress had 2 purposes this year , my birthday & my aunts funeral . i miss you tia 😔 🙏 
i really miss my brother/lefthand USERNAME i need u man wtf why u had 2 go ! ! 😣 😢 
at la paisanita's waiting to get my tacos and these old hispanics are staring at me .. :( 
i smile in 📷 just to his my pain 😭 
faack ! i have a stupid headache ! :( it had better go away before company arrives and game time ! #bbn 
USERNAME haha that's my shit ! ! i miss wopping :( #wopmaster 
sandy came thru and washed starbys away :( (@ starbucks) [pic]: URL 
i really really miss my other half right now ..... it's times like these i could just run across the street and talk to her ! :( USERNAME 
USERNAME hi babe ! i will be . neck is sore :( i just emailed your mom about rescheduling our private 
why can't i be treated like a princess ? is that too much to ask for 😔 🙍 #deepinmythoughts 
my mood today 😕 😟 😢 😪 😥 + major headache 
USERNAME i feel like i'm gonna die of second hand smoke when i walk by evans 😣 
i wonder if anyone else is as upset as i am 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i don't want this season to end 
USERNAME ohh my heart :'( :'( why ? your eyes :'( strange outlook <3 URL 
hate having 🚙 problems dont even know what an ignition coil is but im glad its getting fixed monday gonna be a long weekend with no car🚙❌ 😔 😧 
i hate seeing car accidents & people hurt on the side of the road with the paramedics 😞 
USERNAME haha what a great movie . and a great saying . when are you coming home ? :( 
last lunch with my crew 😢 i will my this family .. thank you guys for everything ❤ @ millennium laboratories URL 
rip 5th hole it was nice knowing you , i'm sorry you had to go so soon :( 
USERNAME it's not superr dark . just brunette-ish . for fall . the blonde was too hard to keep up with :( . 
why is it whn u wnt the day to end it takes forever .... :-( 
that one friend that always try to convince you to do right the right thing . 😣 
aanndd . how can i find this since i live all the way over here in america ? i wanna watch ! *cries* why am i not british :( 
- my best friend put me in a bad mood 😡 😡 😡 😡 😤👿👿👿👺👺 💔 💔 
wish i could go to my boyfriends game tonight 😔 #toofaraway #lastgame 
USERNAME hes not gone yet . you dont say that ! :( 
USERNAME then i have turn around and get back home because i have to get ready to leave for work again . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME well fuck i dont know bro i wish i could help you but i tried everything i would of done myself if it was me :( 
USERNAME yes yes .. someone has to enjoy the alcohol ! 😔 
USERNAME have fun ! 😥 i'll miss you , USERNAME and USERNAME tomorrow 😖 it won't be the same without you guys ! 
i'm nervous to tell her how i feel about her </3 
mad that i didn't get to go to the zoo today 😣 😭 🐘 screw work .. 
i've never been happier to be in a doctors office #saveme ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME oh my louise just said your not going to be around for new years :( damn ! 
seriously ? seriously ? ? ! 😠 😡 😤 😭 
yep it's definitely my cheat day today #eatinlikeapig 😭 😭 ☕🍕🍟🍔🍫🍫🍫🍰🍰🍪🍪🍭🍬 
ive been like this all day i feel like shit . :( URL 
USERNAME thanks ! ! ! ! yes in the damn kitchen tho i don't get to carhop with you 😔 
why'd you have to contact me ... i'm all fucked up now 😔 
my joints really ache . i need a massage so bad ! #hurting 😩😫 😢 
hate when i over think things and think something is wrong :( ((( 
still sad i won't get to see la leyenda :'( 
at a loss for words , can't believe it's over .. 😞 
this is perfect weather to drive with my mom and listen to james taylor 💔 
it's pretty sad when you have to quit drinking before you turn 21 :( 
USERNAME the first time it was ... this second time i feel like i tried to love him too much 😔 
another late friday appt with dr . steele ... pink eye ! :( (@ apex pediatrics) URL 
i can't believe i won't be able to make it to our last football game 💔 
i don't even know what i'm doing for thanksgiving :'( 
USERNAME my phone isn't working :( i can't text or call ... 
i've been trying to sleep for like two hours . why am i not asleep ? ! 😢 
USERNAME ah that's good news ! i love you more call me when you can 😘 miss you already :( 
USERNAME i don't hate i love every body n i lulz u zak but ur don't like me :'( 
USERNAME well u got 2 hours .... -____- #fuckmylife . oh and my phones dying . im gna go home plug it in . call u then get you ! ok luh u bye 
there's nothing more than what i want is you :( its litterly killing me right now 
omgg i'm sleepy dont feel like doing my hair #fml ! 
USERNAME noo it's my cast ): but i'll be selling tickets or snacks or something so come find me ! 
i hate the bus . walking down northeast blvd . in riverside . #help #fml 
USERNAME waat i would've picked u up ! ! this trip alone blows :( 
😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 #mona 
sometimes i wish i was single . you restrain me from doing so much at my young age . i'm so confused :( 💔 
USERNAME oh yeah , quentin tarantino was offered to direct star wars episode vii . however , he rejected the offer :( . 
USERNAME nah the sex of the child shouldn't matter , but either way its sad & wrong that she's all about this child & not her own :( 
why is my ankle bothering me so bad today )) ): 
thanks for hating me before you really got to know me . </3 
USERNAME 😔 i hope it's from the 💜 when you say it to me .. 
i just want them back in my life . . </3 
stop laughing at mee ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME lol i really do i was just thinking and was like wow i miss maria 😔 hahaa 
i wish i could be there with him today 😔 😭 👎 
what hurts the most is a mad sad song ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i am sticky . :( 
moments like this when i wish i had a teleporter #fml 
idk i have a weird family rt USERNAME eating ? ? rt USERNAME i don't even know what i'm doing for thanksgiving :'( 
designer brands are a complete waste when the person wearing them styles themselves all wrong #depressing 
USERNAME oh no . what time are you done ? i work at 4 :( 
USERNAME but i feel fat ! also i've gained weight since high school 😭 #blameitonthealcohol 
he talkingg bullshitt talking bout ibe back withh yoo shots :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry i forgot you ): i love you ! 
apparently no 3g or 4g in the amish country :( scariest 45 mins ever 
serving breakfast all day except they're closed . :( (@ coffee pot restaurant) URL 
gotta have blood drawn . i'm tired . :-( (@ metrohealth park east) URL 
dressed n bored . too nice to be inside :( lol (@ penn warren) URL 
he sure knows how to play with my heart </3 
still not feeling gd .. in tha bed til its time for work :'( 
'you had me at hello , i'm about to say goodbye , all you need to do is open up your eyes , before she slips away' 😔 
USERNAME i get to spend all friday at home :( 
😧 tummy ache this morning . just saw that last night’s cherry coke was a whopping 51oz .( ! ) 
it's been like 15 minutes and i'm still at fucking school #fml #wtfguys 
tryed copying USERNAME .... she's just way prettier than me :( URL 
okay , this anti-anne hathaway stuff is getting out of hand ... :( 
weell , that just ruined my day and my whole weekend . 😔 
lol willy pushed my girlfriend into the cake and then she kissed me ugghh my face is dirty and so is my cardigan :c 
i know that there is hope to have USERNAME rt , reply , and follow me ! #someday #sadtweet 
USERNAME there's nothing later :( wanna go tomorrow morning ? 
3 popo and i'm not even to thompson ... it's gonna be a long drive :( 
i just want this pokémon game to work . 😔 
everybody going to the keg tonight but me . #workflow :( 
i knew you were trouble when you walked in 💔 
my neck looks so bad 😔 fuck you too cat 
ew . big girl in front of me has very loose jeans and isn’t wearing any underwear 😫 😖 😧 #theshitiruninto 
so walking back from the movies i found a stray cat . if only i wouldn’t be kicked out of my apartment for having a pet :( 
ima bulls fan and a chiefs fan that's why i can't watch them lose every game they broke my heart in and still have not fully healed :'( 
whyy is tonight such a struggle for me :( ? 
USERNAME i know :( i'm sorry , i'll come visit sometime this winter ! 
losing something special is seriously depressing 😣 😔 i really hope my ring turns up . #sosad 
paying for . competition shoes :( (@ step n stretch) URL 
USERNAME 😭 i miss you too man ! ! ! 
second time checking a girl out in front of my father today . i've got to stop . 😣 
USERNAME i can't help it , i gotta work around school , homework and work :( 
:( rt USERNAME a man without a beard is worthless and a faggot 
today i do wonder how did i got the toefl ... done with 2 ... 1 exam to go :( #midterms 
and my weather stripping fell off again . 2 weeks and it still wasn't fixed properly :( so i called bmw usa . frustrated 
USERNAME good riddens ! ! we need phil back ! :( 
USERNAME t juro q d la nada salio jeje yo si t reqiero mi inesita vos q t las llevas d enamorada sos la q ya no :( 
USERNAME that's a good thinq ❤ cause imiss youu :c 
fml , i think i'm stuck on taxi duty tonight :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i just finished the 4 the episode ..... i cried so hard ! ! ! ! :'( #whyy 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm not hip with the lingo either 😔 
"USERNAME almost time for that all out show ! ! ! USERNAME on vaca :( not the same w/ him 
i love being back but , i miss him 😔 😞 
USERNAME i swear every weekend i'm home you go to bg 😔 
trying to improve performance of a user control to find that they have set the datagrid cell contents using s style setter #dev #fml 
don't make me go to work 😭 👎 💔 🔫 
USERNAME we need to hang prontoo were like seperated :( 
wishes i could demolish some ducks with the guys tomorrow :( 
i'm in trouble and i don't like it 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME 
even on my days off with nothing to do i still feel so busy and stressed ! :( 
i really don't want to go to work .. 3 to closing ? in heels the entire time ? ? funn 😔 
my phone won't work 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME no ma'am . i have to work tonight :( 
i wish my head didn't hurt so bad ! i wish my professor could drive well ! #carsick 🚙😷 😣 
i gotta be at work till 1 am tho 😣 
i miss my house of huse family 😔 😘 love you all . dos daddy , momma tcat , bobert , USERNAME USERNAME 
whyy am i not 21 ? ? ? ! 😔 
all i want to do is curl up and sleep :-( 
omg i need to go to the bathroom soo bad but i'm feeding jaiden ): 
everybody either sad or mad .. i'm not tryna be in my feelings today :( lbdas . 
mad as shit i cant lax . and go over her house ): . damn hope she still comes over . 
USERNAME USERNAME dude i crashed hard . even odie tried calling and i was out . i'm sorry :( 
wish i got to see my old friends more often 😔 #missthemsomuch 
boo ! ! ! i wanted to hear your voice :'( 
im in desperate need of a physics tutor .. 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME didn't get a ticket in time :( 
i gotta get a shot and i hate needles :( 
USERNAME lol i know :( ((( im super sad right now man 
it just doesn't make sense how someone can walk out of your life after so much 😔 
you've got to be kidding me , beyond tired of trying just to end up not bring enough and arguing 😔 
:( (( ill be back in a month for alumni game ! ! 
❌-country captain / last practice senior year . 😔 😱 🏃👟 @ garfield high school URL 
USERNAME i miss you so much 😞 please don't let me anymore . 
worst sushi i have had in a long time . maybe ever . :( this place used to be better . what happened ! ? URL 
i have no clue if i am actually sick to where ill need medicine , and since the doctors is a ten min walk away i will remain clueless #fml 
can't believe my little sister is 11 years old today , seems like she should still be a baby :( 
USERNAME and USERNAME pleasee tell me your going to be in las vegas new mexico tomorrow ... :( 
friday night off ? ? ? wish USERNAME was here to play with me ! 😔 
USERNAME dude . that would've been fuckin awesome ! waa ... :( next time he comes . </3 
USERNAME if that apparently was on android i'd download it . but sadly every company is on iphones dick . :/ #depressed 
happy friday ! ? #cchandbags pick me bc there is no USERNAME in charlotte :-( and i want to give that bag as a gift ! 
i cannot wait for winter break . oh jk , hello intermission classes ... 😔 
USERNAME i miss you so much 😞 please don't leave me anymore . 
USERNAME no , i'm on my way out of town right now ! 😭 sorry ! i'll be at the next one . i bet your 'friend' will be there 😏 
USERNAME and everything i wanted was too much money :( i have expensive taste ! 
USERNAME miss you too 😢 😢 but don't think i'll be making it out to nd this year ... 
im stuck a home with a whore & baby #sadtweet 
USERNAME omg and u didn't stop by ? ! ? ! :( 
im going home & angel is coming to sa ! ! :( <<<<<< 
i need to get my sleeping patterns in check by next semester . 😔 
hungry as fuck can't get nothing to eat til i get off :( 
USERNAME yeahh ..... they are just filming it today ..... :( 
while your all at the justin bieber concert ill be at cheer practice👌 😢 
my cock block/other half is leaving me for a week . ): USERNAME 
someone sleepover tonight i don't wanna be home alone 😔 
USERNAME i do ! can't wash everyday tho it'll dry out :( 
i want a movie night . maa . :( but it has to be with the #fam USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME and of course wyatt . 
USERNAME seriously ugh . :( i wanna go so bad ! 
just had a flashback to one of the many times my band director yelled at me senior year ... 😔 
USERNAME yo swing me a txt i saw you might be going dt perhaps i can tag along to the proff show :'( maybe haha 
USERNAME lamesauce . i will be doing yardwork all day tomorrow . whomp :( 
USERNAME haha , i need a life > :( lol 
my dad didn't leave me money = no weed for lecia . #unhappy :( 
everything is putting me in a pissy mood today and i don't like it 😣 
USERNAME thank you i have an issue but there's nothing you can do about it . the person covering my shift backed out and i can go anymore :'( 
i lost the ball to my belly button ring and it just fell out :( 
USERNAME yuck you're kidding me 😒 my counselor is making me apply she thinks ill actually have a chance up there 😭 lol 
.. but i'm going to miss this little nugget 😢 #saycheese URL 
USERNAME i can't , ima be with family all weekend :( 
i wanna do something fun tonight but ik i have to wakeup at four to help the guys get ready then cook them all breakfast 😣 
i wish netflix had legend of korra . 💔 💔 
done trying to pick up the pieces to a ❤ i didn't even break ... 💔 
USERNAME no they're at phi mu at lsu ... 😔 
i wish stephenie meyer would finish writing midnight sun 😢 ✏📖 
how i have like a mini crush on #oomf but idont bother to like give her complements cuz ifeel like shes not interested v.v #nogame 
i swear every time i see a grandma , all i can think about is how much i miss mine 💔 love you nan 
USERNAME aw i miss you too ! :( aw whats been wrong ? 
USERNAME i thought the only class you have with me was our favorite 👎 💔 😭 but i c u 
jealous of my sisters stomach ... she's so skinny :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME lmaoo it's goin be awkward all da time i probably won't get noticed :( 
i'd go out there tonight , but i work at 9 in the morning :( 
sometimes i think , i think to much ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME lol me too but it totally sucks to ruin my weekend coz i'm going back home :( but i have to come back saturday night 
help how do i get rid of runners knee :( 
still have a hour dive to redding . and we have already been driving for a hour . 😩 😭 
USERNAME hell i might as well be sad .. everybody else is :( 
trying to start my dads truck ! > :( only if my car was ready ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME i have a sprain in my back from last night 😞 but i'm still going to enjoy presents no matter what ! 
i'm sad me & USERNAME aren't hanging out this weekend </3 
damn it . having 2 jobs sucks . i never get to see my babe no mores . it's driving me insane . i need my daily doze of wuvvles . :c 
in bed with the roommiiee USERNAME #hateher #shefeedsme </3 </3 </3 </3 
USERNAME haha that was nouts creative mind . turner veto-ed it tho ! ! 😦 👎 
hating myself for wishing USERNAME would go on USERNAME and when they actually get there i don't get to go ! ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 #depressed 
USERNAME no it ok you have toma so you forget about me👎 💔 😭 😔 🐆 
i wanna go to auburn to visit so bad ... :( 
dude , i missed my 7,000th tweet 40 tweets ago . #wtf #sadtweet 
USERNAME oh yeah ! ! i was in the shower ! i totally forgot ! sorryy 💔 i'll call you later 
USERNAME your welcome and miss you too come back to math :( 
i really want to go to the aragon todayy :( 
USERNAME ugh so jealous :( have fun ! ! ! 😊 ❤ 
if i get strep again this winter i have to get my tonsils removed 😭 😩 
can't believe tonight is my last game . it is going to be so sad . gonna miss all my girls way to much :( #senior2013 
why does buffalo have to be gay and not have any dunkin donuts around but a million timmy hos ? i just want a coolatta 😔 
baton rouge's murder rate is higher than chicago's 🙊 😧 
USERNAME USERNAME noo ! i was looking forward in seeing you guys :( wait why 2 years ? ? ? 
USERNAME :( twitter became boring to me .. so i won't be here often :( did you create a tumblr ? 
i want to cut all my hair off but it's getting cold out :( i guess i'll have to wait ... 
about to take a nap before USERNAME gets home , i don't know where he gets all his energy ! ! 😔 
i've never got to get high in high school . #fml 
at walmart , depressed that i didn't bring my money :'( 
having a psycho ex trying to mess up your life #awesome #wtf 😥 😖 😡 
USERNAME i cant believe ur against the cuddle :( its not like im tryna cuff u forever . everyone can use a nice warm cuddle for a night or 2 
all of a sudden , i want to go to southern miss .... :( 
USERNAME lol noo dnt get fired on ur day off ... lol jk .. butt i got da touch of da flu :( nd i had got took to da er . 
USERNAME ugh stuck in bg of course ! 😒 man i def gotta start working out i'm gettin outta shape badd 😔 
saying goodbye is really hard ! 😥 bye bye morgan 😢 
USERNAME hey star ! ! im so mad i cant go see mindless behavior at manslick :( a maybe next time ! 
USERNAME i don't mean to be mean :( i just am annoyed ! 
USERNAME i wish you could see my face right now the pain is real 😔 ... text me please 
USERNAME the people at walmart made fun of me 👎 😿 
USERNAME lol nope i'm driving my vw today and i'm in owings mills and got to the dentist 5 mins ago 😔 
i wanna play soccer but i caint remember were i left my ball #sadtweet 
USERNAME :( (((( who would've thought i'd actually become super busy ? waah i should have some free time on saturday if you're free 
USERNAME suddenly it's magic will play in vegas and san francisco from today , but not in new york .. ahh . :( .... super love ur movies po ! 
rt USERNAME i miss summer . 😢 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL -- 💔 i miss that time we went to bar a in the monsoon ! 
USERNAME at home missing you 😔 you should come over and we'll order take out food and watch a movie 🙊 
all i need right now is my bro . :( where are you ? .. USERNAME 
bus just about wreck on the high way 😧 😓 
USERNAME no we were supposed to but me and kaila are going to go to a game in lubbock so angela is working for me 😔 . 
USERNAME stop it :( boston is so cold :( :( 
dnt got da strenght to get up nd pee :( 
now i can pay more for gas ! :( (@ ca/az border) URL 
i just want someone to come over and wait on my every need . instead , i'm babysitting my 3 year old brother #sosick #sadtweet 
angel always leaves me for other people especially if they're his football player friends 💔 😔 😒 💩 
USERNAME at the eye doctor because my contacts hurt :( 
USERNAME how great is my momma ? ! sadly i can't find valentina or tajin anywhere here . :( 
i hate you homework ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😫 😭 😁🔫 
USERNAME rochester , ny its for our ncaa regional race . maybe be my last collegiate xc race :( 
tomorrow will be one of the hardest day of this year 😔 😢 
i don't know what to do tonight because i'm used to always going to the games 😢 
USERNAME it's a private party there only 80 people gonna be there and there gonna be there 😣 😞 😣 😞 😣 
i wish i knew how to save my money 😔 
USERNAME no cuz you never hungout with me on my birthday #hurt :'( 
USERNAME i haven't seen this chick ... #sad tweet :( 
i'm the biggest asshole in the world when i try on clothes and complain about being tall and skinny because they never have my size :( 
seriously about to start screaming and crying for my mommy like my babies were at daycare this morning ! :( #homesick 
when my forehead peels <<<<< ew why ? :'( #fuckwinter 
USERNAME sorry if my thread w USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME & USERNAME is making you uncomfortable :-( 
USERNAME i don't watch it on fox tho :/ i'm only in the third season :( 
USERNAME :( daang . basketball is so boring without you . lol i'm so lonely ! 
benzie sucks . 3 saturday schools ? fuck that . #fml 
USERNAME aw that's so cute c: she's lucky it's not far from mine but to me a few days sooner is a big deal to me :c 
you just wish she wasn't one in the first place :-( 
USERNAME wish i had power to watch it 😔 #jerseyproblems 
USERNAME ew :( it's a rule that if you mention 911, it has to be interesting . 
:( i'm hungry . we have no food . but , i'm trying to save my money so i can go shopping . my life sucks . 
no swiss dream here . only lindt . :( #sadpaul (@ cost plus world market) URL 
by far the worst day ever ..... let's see if i can fuck it up anymore . :( 
decided to be a good daughter and steam clean the floors .. burnt my big toe ... 😔 😓 
my bestfriend since the 3rd grade is leaving to virginia this weekend .. i cried . 😢 
i walked from apex , all the way to cain park -_____- . my feet hurt ! lmao . & my phone dyinn . ugh ! #fml 
:( quedándome dormida en clase , lucero des pier taa jajaja 
USERNAME no angel just go with your football player friends 😔 💔 
. . its friday imma make a few calls; damn i wish these two were still in florida ): ----> USERNAME & USERNAME 
im hungry too :( bring me something ! ! ! rt 
USERNAME like he'll see my twitter ... oh and no more tights :( hahah 
i waanna go home ( t.t ) well at least we got moved out of the gym . 
USERNAME yes ! ! that one ! ! :( :( :( 
i wanna go out tonight but im so sick ! :( 
USERNAME oh no :( lemme know if you need anything like text support bc you know i don't have a 🚙 beep beep 
noo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i don't know what to do with my life ! netflix doesn't have season 6 of gg 😩 😿 #heartbroken 
i don't why but i feel bad for doing what i want to do . 😞 
and almost 200 dollars later ... 😿 luckily the ladies at the vet love me & turbo and they only had me pay 60 today ! #blessed 
USERNAME haha btw no pot of gold :( or tonight i would have made it rain myself lol 
my feet and stomach hurt so bad ): mostly my feet tho . ugh . 
i should've went to morgantown today . mamaw needs me . </3 
USERNAME nanook is a she ! plus she's to young for a play date :( 
greys anatomy you never fail to make me cry like a baby . 😭 
it's not that i even really care cause i'm so fed up with it . but what kid wants that .. especially my little brother 😳 😔 
i actually really miss my best friend :( USERNAME please come back to indiana now 
USERNAME mins is always full of advertisements and mail for past residents . #sadday 
USERNAME yea i saw it last night ! i felt so bad :( what season are they giving on fox ? 
my boss is right ... i look like death smacked me in the face . 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME my mom is sick , so we can't do it at my house :( 
USERNAME ooh i thought i may have been in twitter jail for my first time , damn 😔 lol 
USERNAME how . did . ya'll . ge t.t his ? ? ? ? ? my 4 year old daughter gasped and then shrieked ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME i love you to 😔 ❤ but you have more love for your family out in the field 💔 💩🙈 
my girl said i should see what she's getting me for christmas and now i wanna know what it is 😞 
i love my black friends , why use such language ! ! </3 
USERNAME i doo ! ! ! ): wanna come get me ? ? hahaha(; 
USERNAME i know exactly how you feel joo . :( it will only make us better ! 
USERNAME lol im not sure yet 😔 i can let you know like later on . that's even if i go out 🐩 lol 
i'm pretty upset i dropped my horse somewhere ): 🐴🐎 
it's a fucking friday and i don't work until 5 tomorrow and guess who's going to be home alone all weekend minus work ? #thiskid #fml #bleh 
wth is going on up stairs ? so many bangs that the neighbors always do ! ! 😥 
fuck , why is the line always long tho :( 
getting ready for my last football game is heart braking 💔 . it's up to our boys now ! sic'em bears ! ! 💙 💛 
but i'm stuck in bed with a internet porn star from sacramento :( 
after 2 hours of sleep and 2 huge cups of coffee all day i've been like 😳 😳 😣 😣 
USERNAME i thought this tweet was talking to me at first ... 😔 #bandkidproblems 
USERNAME i love summer too .... i hate winter ., it makes me depressed all the time 😭 😔 i miss u love xoxo 
interview was a fail ! bc it didn't happen -.- so much for workingg :'( 
just watched the 1992 pittsburgh penguins win the stanley cup ! ! i miss hockey </3 
USERNAME what ! ? ! how old is she ! ? ! ! i've been telling david i wanna a kitty 😞 
ain't gonna get a haircut today or nothing .. i'm just gonna sleep now 😔 *turns phone on silent and opens music* 
i gotta get rid of my king size bed :'( 
why oh why do i have a headache all the time ? :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME aa banada pazar iyi uyar bak valla pazar olsun :( ((((( 
almost everyone is going home this weekend ... :( #nofun 
i hate cholos so much , that now i have new cholo neighbors :( all bad 
USERNAME i know lol me too . i put it in my coat pocket yesterday and now it's missing . i cried this morning . my own fault i suppose 😣 
she said , as a tear fell down her cheek 💔 
USERNAME that bad huh :( cheer up bud . theres a lot of good inside of you . 
“USERNAME kenna city traffic 😣 🔫 USERNAME i know i'm right next to you . # ... 
USERNAME i can't wait for the staff reunion . i miss everyone so much 😢 
USERNAME haha it doesnt ! well when you put your hair up it hurts .. cause its tight af ! :( but i like it . haha 
USERNAME that is one of the saddest pictures i have ever seen ): i'll start planning the funeral . 
USERNAME aww ! ! :( you're welcome back anytime , my number is 210-444-5565 ill get you the group price on tickets ;) lol 
it make me sad looking at my old instagram pics 😥 like i just wish i could go backk 😔 
i'm so sleepy right now . and so far away from my bed . #sadday 
surprise . it's dads weekend and another year of my dad not coming down 😔 
pray for me and make me cold heart </3 #please 
“USERNAME it's crazy how you can go months or years without talking to someone but they still cross your mind everyday ." huntyr :( 
USERNAME miss you ! ! how's vermont ? ? dhs isn't the same without you :( 
USERNAME USERNAME been there with many of the boys :'( so not fair lol 
not being able to wear cute boots :( #wahh stupid calf muscles #hatemylegs 
USERNAME noo ): please when you get a little back just text me back , i had to tell you something before you turned your phone off 
yeah , i definitely bombed that chem test 😁 😞 
USERNAME then no :( i'm going camping with my youth group ! 
cute girl walks into the same aisle smells what i smell and gives me the disgusted look 😒 😔 
USERNAME lol how does that make me a hoe 😞 
i wish you girls could come tonight :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME so in other words , i can’t really do that yet :( 
USERNAME ah dang :( ! yeah im gonna be home for thanksgiving ! my flights the 20th ! ! 
i'm scared i'm not going to have enough money for your show . :( 
USERNAME ahh i know me too :( . i'd get treated better at the chinese restaurants i always go to hahah ;( 
USERNAME tu me llamastee no me ah entrado la llamada sorry :( 
if i think a boy is cute and i see him smoke cigarettes , it automatically makes him ugly . ew . 😔 😠 
USERNAME i've been watchkng that 70's show but it wet off and now there's nothing on . :( 
USERNAME text me what's wrong ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😰 😰 
my tumblr hasn't worked all day . upsetting . ): 
woman at USERNAME asked if i was a rewards card member and i said yes ! thinking there was a special deal today . there is not . :-( 
USERNAME lol i miss those days too ! ! ! :( :( 
why is houston the only venue where the tickets aren't available for USERNAME #liquidneontour ? i need to get mine ! :( 
i really need help with this project & no one is available to help me 😩😫 😡 😢 
listening to my fav group tribe called quest ... dissappointed i never got the chance to see them in concert before they disbanded :-( 
i'm so sad i don't get to go home this weekend :( 
USERNAME we had ugly tags on our bldg-3250bloorw-this wk :( can you fwd ? 1/2 URL 
USERNAME omgsh i knooww ! ! ! i feel like i live here at work :( 
sick as hell ! no more alcohol for me :( 
i wish USERNAME was coming to formal . i'm gonna miss sharing mozzarella sticks with her :( 
USERNAME and USERNAME is saying you claim i don't tell you things . you never let me :'( #heartbreak #betraymemaybe 
i hate missing you and knowing you dont even care :( 
listening to corey smith all day to making up for missing his concert tonight . #depressed 
USERNAME hmm has ugh ill have to figure shit out :( i really wanna go . 
ill be ⚾⚾⚾ tonight but i feel like 😣 😵 😲 but i want a 🚬 going fucking nuts lol 
USERNAME wth ... glee didn't cast anyone as marty 😔 
not in the mood to do anything . 💔 😔 
USERNAME :( .... do you know whats going on tonight ? 
i feel bad cuz she was tired and now i'm tired but she has to work and i don't know now im bored :( 
going to the sherando game tonight , can anybody give us a ride home ? :( 
USERNAME i feel like if it doesnt get to 100 it'll die before we even get there , which it probably will anyway :( 
and today is 1year&5months my grandpa die lord i miss him alot :'( 
i hate how me and my best friend dot talk anymore .. 😔 
anyone want to go on a long ride and leave all of our troubles behind ? #needtorelievestress 😣 😏 👋✋👋 
USERNAME me too omg i wanna have a boy best friend like that ): 
USERNAME yes , ma'am . then tattoo shop for a minute . then la since they close at 8 today . :( 
USERNAME no way ! i asked one dumb question and you guys kicked me out :( 
USERNAME o . m . f . g . 😭 
USERNAME it closes in 30 or i would 😔 next time ill text you ! 
USERNAME lmfao ! ! i want a butterfly on me ): lol 
just mentally tired . :( not ready for this game 
USERNAME ugh no i wish i could ! 😞 are you coming to my grams on sunday or do you have to work ? 
USERNAME lmao . i'm pretty broke to , my big ass phone bill and tickets have left me broke ): and i bearly got paid monday ...... gay 
you leaving me ? ? ! ! ? ? :( 
USERNAME oh no :( are you coming next week ? 
i wish i looked like a pin up girl . 😔 
USERNAME eng history and sociology ! i wanted to take math or econ as a fourth class but they were full 😔 
USERNAME thank you , cause at this moment i just feel like giving up :( being hopeful . 
USERNAME :( ( waah i wish i was there ! 
it hurts to drive by heartland brewery and not go in ): 
car-less until january at the latest :( then it'll still cost $600+ to fix #sadtweet 
glad this conversation is happening via text while i'm in class 😢 
dang i would be the only one to hop into a counter and sit in something sticky :( next time ill look before i sit . 
USERNAME saw this kid that looked like you today and got excited then remembered you're not here anymore 😥 😥 😥 
i wanna be home on my bed already ! ! ! ! ! 😭 
urrgg ! ! ! ! ! i need my zumba :( ( 
my weekend filled with work starts soon .. boo . what time is the game saturday anyway ? who cares , i'll be working during it :( 
USERNAME i doubt my earpods would be any better . i don’t have beats or monster headphones . :( 
USERNAME no ... i wanted to ... i cnt move :( nd i feel horrible short 
USERNAME me too ! ! and i knoww ! ! ! )) ): 
why does nathan always try to take ugly pictures of me 😔 😒 
USERNAME me too . sucks to know that someone could be dealt such a raw deal ... :'( 
USERNAME she coming too unfortunately :( and yeah ! ! imma do you like that i gots a life ! ! 
i've been on the go all day now i have to work from 430 to 12 :( 
broke down on the highway . i am so sick of having shitty cars . 😥 😥 😥 
and i still have no chance for u to follow me :'( 
i gots a psych and a finite exam next wednesday . so much freakin studying i have to do this weekend :( 
it not even the end of the first semester and i'm all ready crying hard core ! 😭 i'm gunna miss a lot of the seniors ! ! 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm jealous as fuck dani 😢 😩 
USERNAME they don't deal they just do it 😭 one down one to go 
not ready for football to be over 😔 😔 😔 #lionatheart #seniors2013 ❤ 🏈 
USERNAME is soo mean to me ! but tells me she loves me rite after ! :'( 
USERNAME s/o and thank you welcome to the world of p . a . t.t . o . n lil t 
USERNAME so you can't come ? ? ? ? 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
its a $25,000+ truck why would someone do this ! ! ! </3 :'( 
USERNAME i thought for sure you would like this . boo on you . 💔 
i hate it when someone is stressed out & i can't do anything to help , can't even find the right words to say 😔 
USERNAME my daycare kids and i made a card for another kid that's just been adopted by a family and leaving ! i'm sad now though :( 
guess im the jester :( lol USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
d . i . b . k . i . s . (do it big keep it strange ): official music video from my brother USERNAME watch that shit now ! URL #dibkis 
USERNAME tacos drinks sleep over something hahaha so boring at hc without you 😞 
USERNAME i changed d date 4 em & wasted money on a non refundable deposit and i guess nothing . now i'm going bak to my original date :( 
of all the places to go in arkansas , i'm going to a dry county ... #fml 
finally ! ! ! ! me and my bedare reunited ! i missed you baby </3 
USERNAME oh okay and idk off i can sunday i'm supposed to hang out with someone . :( ( blahhj 
i'm beyond ready for chase to get home , i miss him ! & of course , we both have to work tomorrow ! :( 
i'm so pissed off right now . i had all my classes picked out and now i have to pick new ones . #fml 
i'll admit it i do miss looking in your eyes #sadtweet 
why do i break every pair of headphones i own #sadtweet 
#iwillneverunderstand why me and #noomf cant be together .... </3 
i just want to go out to lunch . :( 
so hungry but don't want to get up while someone is speaking :( 
man , i want to see one of USERNAME shows . 😔 come to austin . 🙏 
USERNAME thank you ! ! i miss it too :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i so bored without y'all . come home already 😭 😫 
USERNAME don't have time or money to waste so i have to wait ): 
tomorrow is going to be a depressing day having to watch both of my favorite teams play :( #uga vs . #auburn game can't wait . 
getting ready for my last game ever .... last time dancing on a football field . 😥 👯🏈💄 #gobuffs 
this is ridiculous ! ! ! ! i want this to stop but i dont wanna make a new twitter ) ): 
USERNAME ha ha - i got to get back on the plane on sunday ! back to reality on tuesday :( 
a new way to network ! #imeet :c hicago . check out our USERNAME page: URL hosted by USERNAME and USERNAME 
everybody else's weekend sounds fun . mind ? netflix 😣 
belive just not for me ! ! :'( #flow _studio @ love_nation URL 
wish i could get out of this rut i'm in . 😞 
USERNAME of course ! ! 💚 make time for me ! 💔 
all i want to do is watch netflix and i can't because the internets down 😔 
wegmans is always so cold , but the day i wear a long sleeve shirt the heat is way up 😣 
really want to go to the gym but feel so yucky still :( 
USERNAME i can't help it babe ! me sleepy :( 
finally got my lhs sweats ... but they don't say lancers on the butt 😢 URL 
USERNAME i've been going around asking cuz i have field trip tomorrow ima be walking alot :( if you can , omfg i owe my life to you lol 
no matter hoe hard you try your eyeliner will never be perfectly the same 😔 ✌ 
USERNAME lmfao meggyy youre a classic i missed you today 😔 😔 
just talkd too my grandma n she just put me n a good mood now aw i wish was 4 my mama too be here on my 20th birthday :( <3 
when i see a good looking guy with an ugly girl . 😔 😭 
writing a 6 page annotated bibliography is the last thing i want to do today 😞 😩 😠 #happyfriday 
hate to be in middle of traffic and doing nothing -: :( 
USERNAME USERNAME he'll no . i would die but it has salmonella :( 
USERNAME not today it's in use 😞 else where lol 
USERNAME USERNAME you guys should come see me tomorrow . i miss you :( (( 
pasensya na po at suplada kanina . asar kasi si manager . :( (( 
it bums me the fuck out that i can't see my best friends every day like i used to 😔 
awh USERNAME won't be on ellen till next week . like they're filming it today but next week they're on tv for all of us to see ): 
USERNAME i had my hopes up .... but no chinese food for me ! 😭 
USERNAME hahahah yeah i know hoe ... lol lets hang out today ..... it do you work ? :( </3 
i really want to get out of the house and go to USERNAME 's game tonight 😔 
picking out a paint color shouldn't be this difficult . why are all the shades so close together ? 😔 
tailgate but i don't wanna goo ! ! 😖 😭 
i wish USERNAME was cheering with me tonight .. 😔 i miss her already . 
USERNAME USERNAME :( i thought we were best friends ? ! 
it's official , i'm officially car less :( be careful people ... drive safely ! ! ! a car accident is not worth it 
rt rt USERNAME i want one of those big teddy bears they sell at cosco & sams . 😭 💔 
i never would have missed you , cause i fell in love with yaa ..... #oomf 😔 
USERNAME i know . it will be so bittersweet 😢 
you only live once so just go fucking nuts , still cant believe youre gone , r . i . p mitch </3 #legendsneverdie 
it's times like these i wish he hasn't graduated . i miss him so much :( 
USERNAME yeah cause ever since you got a boyfriend , you forgot that i exists 😔 
even though today is a friday , it feels more like a monday ... i blame my workload :( 
#wishlist to trust someone ... without being scared .. they can't keep a secret :( 
im gunna cryy ! ! ! ! ! why do USERNAME tickets have to be so expensive 💔 💔 💔 😭 😭 now i cant goo 
it hurts me to see one of my parents in pain . wah ! i wish i can take it away . makes me feel so helpless when there's nothing i can do ! :( 
organizing plans is an every-friday occurrence that i'm used to . i just don't feel like it 😞 
if someone doesn't go to ihop with me soon , i might have to cry 😭 
bitch done slipped off the buss ! :'( (( lmfaoo ! omgee :'[ 
glad i didn't fall cause you wouldn't have caught me 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss you guys so much more ): i'm sad when in not with you guys ); 
i like spending money .. but damn not on oil and filter change . :( 
and i never would have kissed ya cause i fell in love with yaa .... #oomf 😔 😓 
USERNAME i have a feeling kim is leaving and they are bring in the new girl .. :( 
dear world , i would like one intelligent individual to invent heated clothing .. i'm over shivering . sincerely , bundled up and still cold . ⛄ 😣 
USERNAME i don't think so amigo , i looked it up and we don't play until week 7 😳 😔 
mom has been on my mind allday today ! i played it strong and then it all jst hit me ! why did she have to go ? 😔 
i'm so sorry to hear that . :-( USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME have fun ! ! ! ! 😔 
USERNAME i mean my area at home . #brutus , i think . i just heard about it today . :-( 
im sad dey & mel didnt come over 😔 😓 
USERNAME im sorry love ! :( (( i wish i could ! 
USERNAME USERNAME lol i was high did'nt notice till safaree rt'd it :( 
naptime did not work out 😔 twitter is wayy too distracting 
i wish i was cuddled up in bed with USERNAME right now instead of going to work :( ( 
it's been two hours and i'm already panicking .. 😭 
USERNAME i have to believe that or i can't believe in anything anymore . :-( #dna5evr #clanlavery #gh 
USERNAME ahh it totally sucks ! i've been sick forever ): 
coach whitey always makes me want to cry when he cries :( #oth 
i seriously almost cried taking kingston to the vet today . #mommyproblems #brokemyheart 💔 😖 😩 
USERNAME noo we haven't spent enough time togetherr :( :( :( 
i actually had to work to day :o tired :-( 
it's almost 5, j isn't even close to picking me up ! :( 
sittin in the airport waiting to go home ! ! ✈flight delayed an hour #fuckthis 😢 #timetoeat 🍴 
omg noo . breaking amish first season ends this sunday ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 
(281 ): my mom just referred to a 9 year old as , so i'd say day drinking was a success #tfln 
USERNAME i don't have any candy :( i didn't really get that much on halloween haha 
brooke just scared me and popped outta the dark omfg 😭 😵 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss the dts bitches :( just minus the dts 
this time last friday i was putting on my uniform and gettin ready for another game of football ohh how i miss football already :( 
waah these medicines are making me super nauseous . 😔 😢 
merry thanksgiving happy christmas you dumb bitch it's happy thanksgiving and merry christmas ! 😔 
USERNAME seriously ? me and this kid adam were watching trippy animation videos in class today ... :( 
ugh i hate havin a cold it makes u so weak and for some reason the meds i'm takin isn't workin fast enough :-( 
USERNAME no :( it looks really good ! ! but im babysitting sadly 
USERNAME rogjrger im in love . but i wish ed was in it more :( just because hes perfect . 
when my mother says i'm not allowed to visit boyne<<<< #fuckyou ! ): 
cannot believe what i just heard . rip jimmy mills 😔 crazy how we've grown up together and now your gone 💔 
USERNAME have you dmed it already ? the dms are slow ! :( 
got dressed for work .. got all the way up there to get sent home :( not to mention i forgot my phone at home .. 
USERNAME are you coming to chapel hill ? ! i wish i was goingg :( didn't get tickets ! 
why the hell do i have a sore throat 😔 😣 
i shouldn't even have said anything . i didn't mean to ruin your evening . 😔 
tired of being in the hospital :( i miss my baby boy soo much ! hopefully i get to go home tomorrow :/ 
blahh so dizzy & lightheaded today :( wish the doctors could get my anemia under control . ugh ! #hatethis 
USERNAME omg no no no no no ...... i'm gonna cry :c 
USERNAME awee , i love you moree ! i miss you soo mucchh :( (( 
my stomach always starts to hurt out of no where 😔 
thought i wouldn't see my bff today , i did 😳 #fml 
USERNAME is not here to take off my boot :( i have to stay in my boot foreverr #wahh 
rough rough day .. i need my kayla . ): 
USERNAME USERNAME none of my cvs have walk ins :-( 
someone help me film midnight madness so i’m not alone . :( 
one of my lovely troy lovers should call me , i need someone outside of midland to talk to 😩 😥 😢 #depressedmood #help 
i been so bored with my life lately , i swear i'm the hardest to please 😔 
USERNAME i knoww ! i was gonna go with celeste but she told me she's not going anymore lol wahh :( ( 
this is the 3rd time i see it 😔 i want that car . ! ! ! 
*note 2 self do not take mucinex before class .... #fml * 
i've been spending so much money that's bad 😣 😒 😒 😒 
no drinking no smoking for 2 weeks #herniasteez #fml #weeddoesntcountright 
i cant watch the boya on ellen :'( , some one recotd it and put it on youtube please ! 
i wish USERNAME wasn't sick and could #thunderup tonight ! ! 😭 😭 😩😫 
i'm too short for my visor in my car to actually work :( #blinded #shortyprobz 
and i've been running on 4hours of sleep all day ! 😳 😣 😞 
USERNAME i really feel sorry for him , the poor thing can't even go shopping without someone taking pictures of him :( 
i'd love to use swishers but they are always stale # 😔 
i never have anything to do on friday nights , all my friends have jobs :( 
hate it when i get my hopes up ...... 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME we only met the deadline halfway 😞 
this week im getting butt raped spending 1 thousand on my car :( 
mom: fine you don't have to come eat with us :( 
i mad how i called USERNAME no answer :( *yells nisha* and *stomps off* 
USERNAME it really does though :( sleep is so vital ugh 😞 i envy people who can easily get to sleep and take naps lol .. i just can't ! ! 
soo tired but i refuse to sleep tol this paper is done #fml 
first day going to class in 2 weeks . this should be fun #fuckmylife 
i was going to tweet something relevant , but i don't remember what it was :( 
“USERNAME how many verizon customers phones are acting up right now ? " mines ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
i dissappiont everybody , i lost the girl tht i love :( , my family dnlt love me , i'm drug addict , i dnt wann live nomore . goodbye everybody 
USERNAME half way ? why you so mean to me ? :( ( 
precal today was a nightmare . proofs are awful . #fml #notokay 
USERNAME ahh that sucks 😔 but are you slovering with da gang ? 
some days it just hits me and i cannot handle being alone . #sadtweet 
USERNAME maniaa ... man gijam hanuz .... in axe kheili azab avare :( ((((( 
i feel bad it's a cute little old guy and i was mad ... 😥 
my head hurts and i want to go home . :( 
skipped breakfast and lunch , now ... i hunger :( 
this car accident happened 7 months ago and now i have to go to an orthopedic surgeon and possible get steroid injections in my back . ugh 😣 
USERNAME aww :( i only got out to eat lol 
i'm pissed . ! i really wanted to go to arcangel's concert .. #fml 
next semester is gonna be so serious 😣 😣 😣 
😭 USERNAME thats off rt USERNAME yes sir coach ! USERNAME keeno ! USERNAME just posted a photo URL 
i wish i didn't have to wash all of my nifty thrifty new sweaters or i would wear one to the game tonight . 😔 
USERNAME it hurts so bad ! ! it's bruised and sick looking 😣 
hate driving to work in the dark ! #daylightsavingstime #depressing 
USERNAME when did i ignore you ? ? ? ? 😞 
USERNAME you look demonic ! i want to ! ! but i'm going to work in 15 minutes 😭 😭 😭 
on the road . yay for all the little things that will inevitably drive me crazy . :( 
sad to see a brother firefighter's name on the #zumbaprostitution list today . it was just a matter of time before i saw someone i knew . :'( 
heavy to standstill traffic on 85-s from kannapolis to concord mills #fml #charlotteprobz 
missin' my cuteboy :( one of the worst things about moving . 
i had this headache since 2nd block .... ughh nd my attitude iddz not right adt all nd he done made mehh mad .. smhh taking a nap # ! :-( 
USERNAME shoot . that's how i was all week . :( 
USERNAME estou na bad ok :( ? tenho o direito de ser mei doidi 
all cried out it's impossible to keep crying i have no tears left 😳 😭 
USERNAME i know ! and benji , who i accidentally injured trying to rescue him :( 
USERNAME pretty shitty hahah .. your check was sittin at customer service this am all ready to be mailed i was like awe pawel 😔 
USERNAME i know but still . they're trading everyone . even my baby drew :'( 
i can't wait to see my baby , usually it would be at 5 but i gotta wait :( 
school is not the same when my best friend is absent 😥 
USERNAME then my grandma starts beating me up wit the towel 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME dude i miss rollin' 4 deep to parties :( 
man u steel feel like crap :-( hope u feel better 
USERNAME i swear i didn't hear you ! ! i'm so sorry :( you know i would have said something to you . 😔 i'm sorry 
USERNAME yaass too bad i got to work sat and sun at 5 am :-( 
USERNAME i still have an 1 hour and half commute ! ! ! :( it'll be over soon ! ! ! 
USERNAME you have to be over 5ft tall to drink :( #wahh 
today was rough for me ! </3 ... people really do change you & stab you in the back ! #carelessworld 
USERNAME yes , unfortunately . i would have gotten a flight home for tomorrow morning but all of them were so expensive :( 
i'm going though so much tough times right now so we need to distance best for all :'( :( 
my push notifications won't work on score center 😔 #help ! ! ! 
smh you breaking my heart rt USERNAME USERNAME :( (( 
and in this case sorry wasn't enough 😔 #hurt #confused #done #iwillneverunderstand #thanks 
USERNAME i miss youtoo 😔 all of you guys . we gotta hang out . i will be at teemaine ! 
i don't know what to do with my life now ... #lost #sadtweet 
it exxotica but unfortunately the internet is not working so we can't turn cams on :( 
omfg janay && carlieone are abt too piss meh df off , ughh like really . ? :( 
USERNAME just saw the end . that's . so . fucking . sad :'( fae buckley is horrible :( 
i should be at btc tonight :( i can't believe there are only four left ! ! ! ! what a letdown for senior year 
USERNAME wahh ill be in there in an hour . i close 😔 
USERNAME omg there's a burek spot there that i love 😭 👍 
totally disappointed in cory , he skipped out on the concert yesterday , and left choir . :( 
lizzie(my 4 yr old cousin ): cara wants to be a diva just like me . 
worst feeling in the world is liking someone and knowing they dont like you back . </3 
USERNAME i miss you more , you forgot about me :( 
steel feel like crap :-( hope i feel better by the weekend 
wahh i spilt coffee on my laptopp ☕ 😱 😭 
no need to take any pretty clothes since i'm only going to b there 1 night 😔 
USERNAME not yet :( . let me get windows in my wrangler and i'll be on my way babeh . ;) 
USERNAME USERNAME you are far :( . you could always come here ! 
i'm so sorry . that had to be so hard . :-( USERNAME USERNAME 
my pants are so long i have to roll them up 😔 
today i just wanted to relax & get stuff done at my apartment , butt thats not happening 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i've never been ! :( never been to vegas actually :( isn't that a sin ? 
my favorite manager got fired :( he always had my backk ! he was my foot in the door ! damn it ! fuck ! 
USERNAME meu prazer , me quede sin show de maquinaria :( 
friends: where did this come from ? plz help :( #randomgiantgrossbruise #eww URL 
we're right by in n out but my dad won't get me some 😣 
USERNAME i know itt i didn't even get to see you last time i was in :( 
USERNAME nuh uhh ! let me know if you do cause i haven't seen you in foreverr :( 
USERNAME i'm not allowed at any school functions til saturday says mccreary :( 
always the odd one out or the third wheel :( 
why does tha 72 tarc stinks everytime i get on ? ? ? :( " 
when people take forever to finish a 10 question test :c 
car car and i need peeps to hangout with . we fight a lot when together alone </3 
drinking 30 oz of coffee today wasn't a good idea . #headache :( 
eh ' still not happy ///; sad for my play boyfriend adrian :( 
i feel like i'm doing a prison sentence when i'm at work . that's how much i hate my job lol 😔 
my victoria's secret bombshell body mist reminds me of interning in nyc #takemeback #depressed 
USERNAME i love you too 💗 i miss you 😞 
horror movies don't scare me . 5 missed calls from mom scares me 😥 
damn just got the worst news ever smh 😔 😢 
i just saw a dead kitty in the middle of the road . 😭 😭 😭 
3 days without talking to my boyfriend . awesome . 😔 
USERNAME :( well i hope everything is okay ! let me know ! 
looks like my minnie antenna ball is gone 😞 good thing i'm going back soon ! 
USERNAME ha i'm not in tears but yeah . it's sad :( and for the re word , there's only one place in the bible that's against being gay(+) 
meghan durhin bought her first pair of uggs unfortunately 😔 😳 
fine don't answer . even when i said i love you :( 
the remembrance assembly was so .. emotional :( to me anyways . 
really not looking forward to coming home to snow tomorrow 👎 😢 😩 
USERNAME i feel like a dick i never saved your number 😣 
just lost my best friend but if he was truly my best friend he wouldn't walk away like this 💔 
just stumbled upon the christmas surprise video from last year USERNAME too bad it won't happen again this year ... 😢 #sadlady 
USERNAME don't tease me , you know i can't come 😥 
attn friends: where did this come from ? plz help :( #randomgiantgrossbruise #eww URL 
USERNAME aw i miss that :( have fun for me ! ! ! 😊 
somebody just ran a red light and t-boned my car on the driver's side . i'm ok . this is not how i wanted to spend my friday afternoon .... :( 
guess i'm going on my journey alone . #surprise #fml 
i hate feeling like i'm not good enough .. 😔 
i really for wanna go back to work again today :( working 2 jobs sucks right about now 
he haven't calld me n i miss him so much :'( hopefully i see him on saturday n sunday . 
USERNAME ok seriously i miss you so much ! can i come live with you in austin on xmas break ? i'm gonna die if i don't see you 😢 
i have to work in an hour 😒 😞 😣 😷 
USERNAME hahaha 😢 i'm on the way to wilmington ! 😊 
USERNAME dude mrs chauvigne nominated me for student of the month i'm a disgrace to the fin tradition 😩 😭 
USERNAME you left as i was coming outside :( my dad said they haven't decided completely yet 
USERNAME haha no discounts bro :( sorry but idk if we have 32gb lemme find out when my boss gets here in a bit . 
USERNAME ): i know but one day i would like to be 
USERNAME ya it is but if you say your white then i'm a fatass :( need to lose weight 
no birthday present for jackjack next week bc he is out cause of his ankle :( 
when people don't text back mid conversation 😔 😒 😞 
USERNAME i miss you :( lets hangout soon . do something fun . my treat ;) 
one more week until i see the good ol homies . on the other hand i woke up sore 😞 
just want to crawl in a hole and die . bye world✌ 💔 
USERNAME haha always :( have you had it since the summer ? 
when your grandmother sings a song about her hair ! #fml #help #goingcrazy 
maybe i shouldn't have screenshoted that because now i keep reading it . 😔 
poor elroy :( rt USERNAME argghh ! ! ! URL 
mr . lane is moving to mill creek #ohno 😭 👎 
USERNAME lol & i do what i want lol my peoples just deal w . it lmfao & aww :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME so jealous :( need girls night out over thanksgiving .... #okgood 
i hate when my roomies USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME leave me home alone :( #bored #scared #lonely 
tonsillitis sucks 😥 can't wait for these babies to be removed ! #january 
USERNAME thanks for my good luck :( #bestedfriends # :( 
well that was a great match but the outcome is depressing :( 
what happened omg :( rtUSERNAME i'm tired of crying so much my eyes are swollen 
i don't even think my mom paid my phone bill :( i'm about to be sad as fuck ! 
since i have no life i will just watch gilmore girls for the rest f my day 😭 😭 😭 #nolife #dontcare 
really wishing i was heading home with USERNAME and USERNAME :( have fun for me ! #missinhome 
feel better :( hope u enjoyed ur anniversary ! rtUSERNAME being sick sucks . i hope everyone has a nice evening . time for rest & hydration . 
USERNAME rednecks never go away-no seriously , they're like roaches-just look at the honey boo boo clan 😣 
nasty cholos hitting on the poor white girls ... i understand the pain 😞 
USERNAME hehe if you're in level 4 i better be in your class so i know someone lol i wish she would let me use the laser :( 
laying in bed all day made me realize one thing , it's time to dust the ceiling fan :-( 
USERNAME haha .. obviously not enough for you to wanna tell me when your back :( 
cause you don't care for me the same way </3 
i haven't driven a car in 6 days :( uugh this is killing me . #iwantmybabyback 
wants to see my wife USERNAME right now .. too bad ohio is so far away ! #sadtweet 
USERNAME i’m really sorry to hear d :( let me know if you need anything or better yet let’s try and hang out one day 
i really need to lose some weight :( it's starting to become an issue 
funny how the people who hate mind games play them the best 😥 💔 
:( rt USERNAME once again dallas is gonna be live this weekend and i'm not down there :'( 
i cant let this get to me too much ! 😢 
USERNAME i'm gonna be freezing my ass off outside 😔 
watching phineas and ferb with rylan before he leaves 😔 👩👶 ❤ 
r . i . p . ali .. the good die young , u were soo beautiful & smart & full of life .. life is crazy & unfair 😥 keep USERNAME in line up there 😇 
USERNAME 😔 i'm picking zey up ... when r u coming to west chester again ? 
USERNAME ok i remember you telling me that ... i'm sorry dar :( 
someone come to church with me ? no ? okay .... 😔 
neggas is tryna go to a middle sxhool new city party i'm rollie 😭 
USERNAME i miss you too , im going to miss everyone when i move 😭 💔 
scared for my life driving over oregon right now 😢 
USERNAME ughh i don wanna go to class ill just play by myself :'( 
my guy was so violently sick all last night . :( it was heartbreaking & i was up taking care of him . thus the 2pm wake up time ... 
i just want my pink bra give it backk :'( ((( 
man daniel is always in my mind ! i gotta see him :( 
😥 ppl fighting n pushin on njtransit it's awful . pushed down stairs . pushed in line . this is terrible 
sitting at baseball practice . i know only one dad . no other moms here . :( 
i hate these shuttle drivers . omg . 😣 😡 
i hate digital cameras :( i never develop my pictures 😫 and then i end up losing them lol 
USERNAME mih fica bem to preocupada com vc viu mocinha :( 
how do you tell your heart to stop wanting something you know you can't have right now and let go ? 😔 #impossible 
USERNAME looks like they are now . they were 20 a few hours ago . :-( 
USERNAME ive been ok but i think im getting sick :( 
fuck bank of america ! your more bipolar than any of my ex boyfriends 😞 
USERNAME listening to pass me the dutchie makes me think of u ! 😢 
waiting for my brother :[ [[ , i came here went right in my room ... fuck that fat bitch ! my dad doesn't love these hoess 
i really want to do something for my birthday , but no one wants to do anything :( 
i wish i could say how i really felt about everything 😔 
USERNAME nothing .. i'm confused .. my head is hurting 😔 
i'm used to having lexi around , i'm home in bed bored 😔 
like the 4th person to ask me who my bf chill ! ! i'm single ! ! ! ! i call my friend son my lil bf ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 funny ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i have to work :( bullshit right ? 
my mama said i shudnt have gave that boy yella my cookies or whatever 😖 😔 👈 😡 its guu tho ... he needed it lol 
i miss chili peppers i haven't had it in months :( 
headache & cramps . please god , no . 🙏 😭 
rip buffy & snowball , the two best siblings . can't believe i had you both for 14 years and lost you within 2 months :( URL 
USERNAME i wanna comee back homee annd see youu ! ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ :( 
if he doesn't call , im cry , cause im craving hardcore . :( 
that awkward moment when USERNAME doesn't get my sense of humor ... 😔 URL 
i just want to cry seeing my grandma in pain :( 
USERNAME USERNAME awwhh marlene i cant compete with jorge soo imma habe to let you go :( <|3 & treat her right please 
USERNAME my phone is turned off ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME you come into my town and don't tell me ? ? *sigh* 😔 
like always mom is late-___- and my thumb has lost feeling :( 
USERNAME i'm going through all my pictures ! ! 😢 😭 ! god those were the days ! ! 
USERNAME only if you bring me orange juice ... 😔 
USERNAME did macy's call u ? ? ? i didn't get the job 😞 they wanted someone with more flexibility😩depression 
i miss my friends ! 😥 USERNAME USERNAME @ mobile , al URL 
USERNAME i tried everything to get u out and didnt work ..... :( 
USERNAME lmao i'm mad at you and your sister ! ! ! ! 😱 😭 
a spider was just crawling on me :( ((((((((( djdiwkei6$77(58'bc 
USERNAME plans never go as predicted for me smh 😔 
USERNAME well looks like i'm an idiot once again hahahaha #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME i wish . thought she was gonna eat a member of USERNAME :-( 
why is it a big deal that i am actually happy now ... can't anyone just be happy for me at least once ? :( 
USERNAME i was gonna invite you but i wasn't sure if you were babysitting . i knew i shoulda texted you :( sorry 
my schedule is going to suck next semester ! 😥 #freshmanprobz 
my dads birthdays tomorrow and i have no money to get him a present 😞 
USERNAME i want ! soo sad we had to move :-( 
panera's line is too long which means no pumpkin spice latte for me ..... i need caffinee :( 
my baby sick :( so i used the skills from my work to make her anbondigas a mexican soup that should make her a lol beter URL 
#mentionsomethingyoumiss when USERNAME use to tweet to me all the time ! :( 
cheating is a defense mechanism for a broken heart 💔 
why is it cold in work 😣 😣 😣 😣 
USERNAME curren$y at key club (december 9, 2012 ): west hollywood , ca , us URL 
USERNAME curren$y at dna lounge (december 5, 2012 ): san francisco , ca , us URL 
i hate being sick ! ! :( i feel like death . 
#greysanatomy just put me to tears . .. dang you mr . feeny ! :'( 
never mind just hurt my feelings , don , t call . :( 
we just can't find each other 😞 #lost USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME because i was pissed that the raiders lost ! ! ! 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
damn , i can feel another migraine on the way 😞 
the fact that im not staying USERNAME house tonight :( but i hope mommy feels better . 
USERNAME fuck i thought we was gunna have steak tonight 😢 🐮 
i'm soo nice then i don't hear a word :( 
my head is . killing me . and . i'm sick . this is gonna be a very long weekend :( 
USERNAME why are you not in my best friends anymore . 😭 URL 
USERNAME me too :( i was so happy & then blah </3 
guess i was bound to lose my everyday favorite earrings i had for five years 😔 
USERNAME lmao & you shouldd get that . & with who ? i wish i could bartend :( ! 
USERNAME my phones dead but come around 6ish i needa clean a little bit :( 
USERNAME awhh ): that makes me so sad . i hope they can still stay just as close as we are . #missyoubestfriend 
i wish i still lived in the same town as my bestfriends so i can just see them whenever 😔 USERNAME & #twitterlessange 
USERNAME it's okay , you and i are the only ones still watching 💔 
soo hungry . :( but i gotta pull myself together ! 
USERNAME is mean ! she doesn't love me anymore #sadtweet 
me either 😔 “USERNAME and i ain't got shit to do on this nice friday 😐 😑 😕 URL 
i'm so glad i didn't nap today . #not 👺👹😤 😡 😾 
USERNAME i can't have other people in my car/: parents think i will get 😭 
just wanna go home and be with my babe .. he been sick the past few days :( 
“USERNAME yorku taking over montreal ! ! ! " wish i was coming :( 
now i have nothing to do tonight but go to the game :( #womp 
USERNAME u don't even talk to me anymore i guess drake just don't give a fuck about me :( 
i knife straight to the heart 😔 rt USERNAME i hate breaking 100 dollar bills 😔 
every damn second of the carnival , i'll be thinking of you all 😔 
USERNAME people are saying that the sophomores quit ! :( 
USERNAME ah bless you , did you finish at 9. then 😔 😘 x 
i can't believe you don't trust your own kid . 😔 
good luck to the senior girls ! ! #powderpuff #seniors 😊 👍🏈 #surgeryprobs 😔 👎 
my lifelong goal is to get a follow from USERNAME ... come on ty ! uve followed my friends but not wet blankets :( 
waking up at 4:00am was rough ... 😢 😷💉💊taking a nap at 2:00pm on a friday should be easy ... 😴 #24yearoldnapper 
i think i am leaving twitter . USERNAME is never going to follow or even notice me ! :( bye bye 
i think i inhaled too much of the smell of bleach #dizzy 😣 
i wish i was going to my schools playoffs 😣 
USERNAME imissyoutoo ! ): & yesas can't wait <3 you go to montverde academy right ? they play east ridge during the season right ? ! 
USERNAME no mula for kara :( lmao so i'm just gonna wait 
does anyone want to come visit me ? we'll watch movies and eat junk food and listen to USERNAME all weekend . i promise it will be fun :( 
USERNAME last week was their last home game . :( 
USERNAME noo :( we will probs get there the 21. that night 
today was going so well , and now all i want to do is lay in bed and talk to no one #fuckmylife 
USERNAME i know bebe ! ! i miss you so much ! ! i wish you weren't grounded ): 
work till close then back at 7 am tomorrow 😣 😒 
USERNAME i'm not working i have a game on saturday ): 
USERNAME USERNAME fuck you guys i'm stuck at work 😔 
#hatersgonnahate rt USERNAME USERNAME saved by the bell 😞 🔫 
i don't even know what time or day it is i just keeping going n going 🏃🏃🏃 😑 😔 
i wish i could of gotten tickets to the jazz game tomorrow for my dads birthday :( 
USERNAME im bored .. iloveyiur , hair , for the 65529 times . & aloott :( but i rather not talk bout it . 
USERNAME boo . would've took you if it was tru tan 😔 
USERNAME cause i miss you ! ! ! ! 😥 
USERNAME :( .. i miss you too ! ! ! 
im gonna cry tmrw morning :( USERNAME i hate your guts 
just heard the worst news /: putting my dog , cane down cause hes too old and cant walk anymore :( (( omg .... 
USERNAME i think soo )) ): that was almost a year ago , omfg . nosirr you're coming down this weekend 
USERNAME nvm rt USERNAME if my drought reaches 20 months .. :( 
omg i feel like a loner .. i need new people to talk to ): 
wow ... your clueless daughter didnt know what porn was :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry my stalking skills are so good ! 😭 😭 😭 
mayonaise is now more disgusting . ewe gross yuck . :( #horrorstoriesfromwork 
USERNAME yah … that was me . i thought we had an issue with strict validation . apparently , we did not and the issue remains :( 
i think my boo phone off <<<<<<< 😔 😒 😡 
pizza , chinese food , takis , snickers = #fatgirlproblems :( 
USERNAME im so sorry ! ! ! ! ! ! ! how can i make it up to you ? ): 
so what happens when my perks dont work #pain #crying #owe 💊 😰 😭 
USERNAME i wish that wonderful thing was you following me 😔 
i'm so hungry ... you have me food then you take it back ! 😔 aha ass wipe ! ! 
soldiers are risking their lives for this country and they didn't even get a vote this year . #sad #goingdownhillfast 😔 🇺🇸 
USERNAME USERNAME aww i miss that day ! ! :( 
i really just lost the ball to my lip ring #fml 
my heart dropped when i gave you a hug 😔 
gonna be around a bunch of inbreeds tonight 👌 😭 
i see USERNAME car everyday but its never her :( *drops tear* 
for sure i'm gonna miss my 1st period class :( 
USERNAME haha , ya ! so would have planned a vegas trip if it weren't the same weekend of my son's official visit to sdsu :( 
i miss my best friends ... well , sisters :( 
i never thought that this would be so hard ... wtf .. :( 
i want to go to the game so bad . 😭 😪 
USERNAME this is how i feel with ingrid . 😣 😤 😖 
USERNAME i'm jelly . i wish i had too many cookies in my tummy . einsteins was out :( 
USERNAME clm ft . younginfam celebration ( pour up ): URL 
USERNAME i don't wanna be on this team anymore :( 
i'm a licensed driver but i still can't go out and do shit . sick of it . #fml 
feels like achilles tendonitis in the right heel . no running for a while . :-( 
dear USERNAME hoped flats = no need to run thru ord . sadly mech fail in stl on 1618. will run k15 to h8 for 1521. need gate miracle :-( 
i really miss when me and USERNAME were bffs . 😔 
i hate being alone , cause all i do is think ! 😢 
these past two days were the most unproductive of my life 😔 
USERNAME clm ft . younginfam celebration ( pour up ): URL 
i wish we was standing in a better place 😔 👫 
wahh i miss trevor ! ! ! ! 😢 💔 
i wish i could go on sunday 😔 😢 😢 😩 
michael dropped me off at his house and then left me 😔 love ya too babe 
USERNAME clm ft . younginfam celebration ( pour up ): URL 
me an brother were talking about how we missed mommy today in 6th ): USERNAME and how we are stuck with fuckers now .. 
fuck obama and his non-plan . oh man . we are in such trouble . scary future for us :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i didn't get to see yu either lol #sadtweet 
french is too fly 😭 ! nigga could wear the ugliest thing and kill it 
USERNAME i mean you've only called me that terrible word a million times . ): 
i had a scary ass dream about USERNAME & USERNAME 😁 😥 .. waking up at 5am scared is never cool . 
USERNAME aw alright 😔 i'm so bored in the city lol 
USERNAME USERNAME i really can't even remember the last time i had those 😢 
possibly my last football game to cheer at for chs . 😢 #bittersweet #memories 
USERNAME i know , i just felt super mean :( 
shit state game starts in 10 min . and i have no where to watch it :( ((( 
he's the of a playground . 😳 😧 😕 boosteddsmguy #weirdo #instatruth annie_cakes USERNAME @ the lair URL 
USERNAME clm ft . younginfam celebration ( pour up ): URL 
USERNAME ugh . 3.5 for me :( you coming tonight ? 
i went to my old house and i almost cried 😔 so many memories in that house ! 
wish i was at camp right now with my dad and puppy :( 
madison and katie are my partners in crime . courtney and madisonm are bored too .. but , kaitlyn is our mother . #officerprobz :( 
USERNAME does she not go to school or ... ugh that's so annoying i want to meet them so bad ppl like her just get to everyday :( 
#iwillneverunderstand why it's so hard to just get over you .. :( #imissyou #idiot 
i'm at a starbucks in hoffman estates and you're not working USERNAME 😭 
aww just said bye to my seester USERNAME and maya 😔 i can't wait until they're home for good ! maya said soon as she seen me lol 
hoover and sherman lost today ? gosh i really have no reason to go to states tomorrow :( #needplans 
wanting taco bell then realizing you dont have your car ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i hate coming home to an empty house ! where is my family :( 
USERNAME we had a substitute in spanish . you missed it :( have you started school ? 
its the size of russia ! ! ! actually ... i mean there .. plurall ! ! :( ((( 
if USERNAME doesn't play for the yankees next year i might cry :( 
i wanna go to italy :( actully , i wanna go everywhere ... #canimajorintraveling 
rt USERNAME caller 32 for this i pad USERNAME is killing me 😣 😔 < ooh noo boo - USERNAME has another chance 7-715pm 
USERNAME wait wtf you go back to work at 4 how you gunna take me to eat lier :'( 
i hate coming home to a dark and empty house ! where is my family ? ! :( 
USERNAME oh well maybe cause we don't talk to much now ! 😞 
USERNAME i need help plz help me i'm lost omg :( 
USERNAME i'm a slave to the work world :( once i get a regular schedule i'm going to try to take a week off and come home . in dec probs 
been slp all day and still tired af :-( work flow 
so , a bus just about rear ended me while i was stopped at a stoplight ... i almost died . 😣 
nothing feels worse than randomly getting let go from a job you love #fml 
USERNAME darn . that sucks :( well i'm going to a movie anyways ! #pitchperfect #round2 
i can't believe it's the last game of the season , let alone out last high school game 😖 😭 💔 #heartbroken #footballisawayoflife 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i would have posted one of you ash but i only had the week after you left :( 
bad accident . can't get home cuz the whole road is closed . :( 
watch me be the only girl at work again .. 😔 
omg i'm so embarrassed of my neck , please stop staring ... 😔 😔 😔 
omg i wish i could have a pet bunny :( 
why does it have to be so difficult to get a driving record ? ! ? :( #ruiningmyday 
USERNAME noo i knew you move out there ! i'm so jealous :( i wanted to go to a uni in florida but i haven't applied early enough :( 
i hate when i meow at my cat and she doesn't meow back 😿 
is missin my soccer girls :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME & the rest ! 
so glad it's the weekend too bad i have to wake up early :( #rough 
USERNAME why do you hate me ! ? 😫 😭 😫 😭 😫 😭 😫 😭 
when an unknown caller calls my phone and i freak out thinking it's joe and answer the phone and it's quinsig community college ... >:| #fml 
USERNAME they're in austin tonight and i'm not going ... 😭 
USERNAME noo . i can't go to the ap tour because i didn't go to school today . :( ( 
my new glasses . only ones that would fit :( @ lenscrafters URL 
i have the bestest friend in the entire world . USERNAME 😭 ❤ 
i really hate how my stomach hurts everytime i eat ... #blehh :( 
fuckk i just realized i left my bowl an bud at homee .. :( 
USERNAME i'm surprised i didn't 😔 😔 😔 i miss them so much .. 
when i had da time u aint want it and dat u i don't got da time it doesn't matter 😔 
i cant lie , i miss my old school , i miss being at home right after school , :( 
' lance was acting like a fucking monster on best man ! shit i'm scared 😦 
USERNAME lmfao ! well i think they're fake . don't cry ): 
i want my 101.9 back ! ! ! fuck this sports radio shit . 😭 😭 
the only good thing about wsc china is the 15 mins i get to work with duffy ... rest of the shift is just shit ): 
i'm so jelly of USERNAME 's life right now for being in orlando #edc . i should have been there 😭 . now i'm just too excited for ultra miami🎉 
i do not want to work . period . 😞 
i'm seeing this whole conversation between alicia and salma 😢 👯👭 ❤ 
sad #apple clap out later for nicole randall :( best of luck at gilbert displays ! 
seeing my madrina like this hurts my heart :'( #fuckcancer 
i miss seeing my grandparents every day & not just a everyday :( 
im late for rehersal :( well my class put sex slaves documentary & make feel bad that everything ppl does is for the $not caring 4 anyone else 
today was gonna be crazy ! but my plans failed like always 😔 
i jus wanted to call and say good bye :( <3 
when you walk down the hall to your 7th period class and don't see USERNAME .... #sadtweet #hesgay 
stayed in bed all day today because i am sick ! ! :( 
USERNAME too bad you gotta drop . nigga :( (( tomorrow when i get off ? 
USERNAME USERNAME is taylor over there already ? i might be going to alyssas ! :( : 
USERNAME so funny i forgot to neigh . thanks for not telling me . :( #brbcrying 
i know how you feel .. 😭 i miss you a lot sis ! 💜 😘 
i'm upset . i want you to be okay with it for one night 😔 
USERNAME i'm just sad i won't be able to see you that much :( but that's ok because that means you might be going to college ... 
it's so terrible what happens up north )))) ): praying for my fam in ny 😔 🙏🙌 
USERNAME i miss you more 😭 wait ... why are you in columbus ? 
awesome nicky ! would be cool if u could vote :( 
USERNAME ask so i could update the list ! :-( 
lmao 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME only if we can get free tickets . i'm broke :( spending 40 tomorrow for a tattoo 
it's so terrible what happend up north )))) ): praying for my fam in ny 😔 🙏🙌 
USERNAME :( have brod call me tonight & i'll be there over the phone ! 
USERNAME yeah that's true :( and in america you have to pay for absolutely everything :( 
USERNAME USERNAME uh you guys should've told me earlier ! ! :( 
why the fuck can't i eat . nothing taste good :( 
going to dinner because of my brother getting straight a's lol something i never did 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME yess ! ! please follow back miley :( 
never been so sick in my life :( i'm miserable . 
“USERNAME who am i to judge ? hat look better on USERNAME anyways 😶 😔 URL hat says queens ? 
whenever i hear hello , i'm in delaware by #cityandcolour , it reminds me of bubba . :( #missmyfriend 
i really wanna go to gator growl tonight but i have to work ! ! ): #wahh 
forcing myself off crutches and walking this much was probably the worst idea i've have in a long time #inpain #ouch #ugh 😣 
i wish i was going to the game tonight ! #lastone #seniornight #hawknation 💚 💛 😢 
USERNAME you should probably go to the hospital aimi :( 
USERNAME dude i just heard i'm wide awake ... brings back memories :( 
USERNAME i miss big red 😞 it's been too long 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME damn ! :( can you see any lights in the direction of b67 ? 
avin a blast in the us of a ! ! ! back to vegas tomorrow then home to uk :( ( 
why are you everywhere . shiitt my pants get out of my heaad ! ): <<< 
USERNAME 😕 now i won't have a reason to go there 😭 
this weekend will consist of dank , music , and studying 😞 
well looks like i'll be sitting at the house tonight . 😞 
s/o to USERNAME for not coming to the fair today :'( dont worry ! i'll sign you up for carroll <3 
so #depressed for my last first competition ever 😭 but also so pumped ! 
i hate driving especially when i feel like this ): 
#phillyfins 800 fr relay dq'd as #usms top 10 as 1 of the swimmers registered as finz in the potomac valley & not fins in philadelphia . :( 
USERNAME i want a pair of those so so so bad 😔 
i can't put on my new windshield wipers 😳 😔 #failure #anditscold 
that moment when your daughter starts crying on top if her lungs and you wanna cry cause you don’t know what wrong 😢 😩 
USERNAME i think i'm doin somethin else with my friend but let me know how it goes 😢 
USERNAME coolin .. you don't fwm :( i miss you .. 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME lol my mistake ): he is alive 
USERNAME sorry ! ! ! off until sunday ! wish i would of caught ya 😞 
there some things i have to do , not by choice baby ... not by choice :( 
i hate having nothing to do😩 😭 #loner #nofriends #everyonesbusy #boreed 
here at the doctors office ! :( @ eisner pediatric & family center URL 
USERNAME if that were true u wudnt have moved out .. can't stop crying ... :'( soo sad .. 
noo we lost another when to too much treadmill :( @ the sports club/la new york on the upper east side URL 
going to sleep , when i wake hopfully there will be a text ! ! ! ! </3 33 
i don't want to say goodbye .. i have to think of this as a .... </3 
nobody told me sarah wayne callies was on the talk today . > :( suffering through online ads to watch her . 
hope to see my r . o . d . tomorrow haven't seen him in a minute 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME no ! ! ! we paid for drinks and got no cool orchids :( 
jus ordered us some 🍕🍕🍕 trynna get my mind of things but its so hard 😥 😥 😥 😥 
USERNAME wow we were some hot stuff ! haha i miss you too ! 😔 
looks like ima be moving out to my own place #dramafree #ratherbealone #kindscared #fml #timerodome 
dying my hair tonight and i hope it doesn't end up to dark .. :( 
oh how i've missed my salmita <3 house hasn't been the same with out her coming over 💔 
bad bitchez are getting it tonight USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME minus USERNAME :( 
hell yea working 8 days in a row #fml #autozone 
i wish i could share these cookies i baked with my doggy ))) ): 
USERNAME USERNAME i was grape jelly when you and adrian we cheifing all day yesterday when i was at court ): 
venting to my coworker how i'm still not 21 :( #alchyproblems 
was only supposed to work 4 hours and ended up working 9 :( 
turns out i have a viral respiratory infection ... so yeah that officially closes the book on state for me tomorrow & my xc season #bummed 💔 👎 
USERNAME it just hit me i'm doing my own hair and makeup :( ( 
boy it's so cold on this bus<<<< 😢 😰 👎 
USERNAME i text back ! 😔 lemme resend it ! 
USERNAME isn’t trying the same thing over again hoping for different results a cliche for insanity ? :/ doc doesn't sound useful :( 
can someone please come over & at least attempt to cheer me up . 😔 
vim numa apple store pensando q ja tinha o novo imac , mas nao :( 
seriously where is USERNAME nah ? i miss you so much babe :( 
USERNAME sorry i didn't understand the tweet . i just know you mentioned me ? ? ? ? i still feel kinda dumb at this . :( 
USERNAME it's like my only choice until this tat heals 😞 
just almost died on a piece of lollipop 😣 😨 😱 
not a very good week , hoping something good will happen soon :( #badweek 
i just yelled at my brother then told him to give me a hug & he said lmao he mean . :( 
USERNAME i can't remember how to put it in my profile :( 
mourning the loss of my accent-just said my son is in college (call-edge) instead of kah-ledge-i say chicawgo instead of chkah-go .... #sadday 
ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly 😔 
first time ive been interrogated for buying chew , yes i know my birthday ! #doilook18 :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
im getting a ticket to tennissee for my birthday from: cassie . #ifeelloved . ): USERNAME 
USERNAME um in marion um probably going to a community college idk when uma be back in montgomery #smh :( 
im so happy ! ! ! ! this totally m day i was so down bc i didnt go to USERNAME :( but now ! ! ! its all better 
USERNAME hanging out with caleb tonight 😔 but are we still hanging out tomorrow ? ! 
haha me and andrew fight worse then brothers but its never serious because we're best friends but iim going to beat his ass someday > :( 
all i want is for someone to come visit me 😔 
when my mom buys me subway cause i have no friends . #fml 
USERNAME yeah the weather definetly is better but i miss a lot of people :( 
traffic is bad everywhere ! not used to this 😣 
everybody keep telling me to be strong . im trying . but its hard though :( 
spraying cologne probably wasn't the best thing for my headache :( 
USERNAME don't hate on the miss no booty girls ! we can't help it :( 
' awaa , i can't wait till my day when i'm married , 😢 tear 
dallaz threw a rock at my leg and its all red ): 
USERNAME you'll miss me singing it all the way to clintwood tomorrow 😥 
everybody text me with y'all's name ! i lost all my contacts ! 😢 
i need to start working out again . all the muscle i gained has officially turned to mush . :( 
u know u have no life when on a friday night u go to swim practice ): 
USERNAME aww ! ! 😔 u should come to my casa tonight to drink some wine & release some stress ! ! 
i've never been this heart broken in a loong time 💔 
wow that's crazy ...... didn't know spaceghost and asap had beef , smh . they made crazy music together . missin out on money now . 😦 
USERNAME watching #oth on netflix ... still sad it's over 😔 
i'm ready to be off work but i got 3 hours left 😔 
USERNAME lol fuck you . umm ... i don't know :( 
USERNAME 😣 well shhit . those test got me . i had to take a nap . about to pack up ad leave . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME we love you girl 😘 😘 😘 😘 ! we miss you ! ! ! 😭 😭 
there was a fight today ? ! i miss everything :c 
i have fireguard from midnight to 6 am ) ): somebody better text me please ! 
this is so irritating .. it's not even loading or anything . it's been there for a day now ! what do i do ? :( URL 
i wish it wasnt cold so i could get the bike out :( 
USERNAME uh .. i have to on tuesday ... 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i keep forgetting you live close by me 😥 i know you don't bite 😁 
its 535 on a friday night and i'm not suiting up for a football game i miss it now :( 
god , i'm the most gullible person ever ) ): 
can't even go to my own cousins house .. 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME i want to be with you guys :( 
one ' brother rey come home ! and one just went in 😔 hope his ' kids don't think there father sold me out ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME this is not okay 😡 😾 👹👺👊👎 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME as fun ad that sounds i seriously have wayy to much school to do 😭 😫😩👎👎👎 
the fact that i told my doctor my story today and it literally put her in tears <<<<<<<<<<<<< 😔 😔 
i seriously wanna cry ..... if he is gonna stop talking to me i don't know what i'm going to do with myself .... :( 
stupid friday class . :( at least we look good . USERNAME URL 
USERNAME thank you ! you gonna come see me this weekend ? i'm on duty :( 
received an awesome internship opportunity today with the coweta county justice system . only thing is , it's unpaid :( 
talking like a chav to leahs da d: ): ) 
USERNAME this update failed ! so sad ! the app keeps force closing :'( 
when i need to talk to my best friend the most she doesn't respond 😭 😭 😭 
malayza is boutta leave me bored alone 😣 cause she got dumb ass practice . 
realizing that USERNAME won't be there when i get home today . :( 
USERNAME ugh .. thats not fair .. im really really sorry trent . ): if you need to call or anything feel free . ugh ;; 
woke up this morning look to the otherside of the bed .... no one was there 😪 😢 👎 
thanks baby <3 i love you and miss you too ): 
i hate that moment after a shower when ur like oo poop now i actually have to get dressed again ... 😔 
tomorrow can just never come . can we skip over it ? ! please #missmybrother #4years #sadtweet 
USERNAME i'm sorry , dear . we cannot date . :'( 
i wish i could've gone to the game :( but i had no ride , i guess the radio will suffice ! #letsgoappleman 
you just don't know how much u mean to me :( 
it doesn't matter what i do .. there's something that always remind me of you . 😔 
USERNAME clm ft . younginfam celebration ( pour up ): URL 
lincoln navi durty denahoe :( but at least im in it after many weeks , but its still not all tha way repaired 
USERNAME maybe if you're nicer to me for my bday weekend 😔 #meanshan #ashehole 
tour over ! ! don't want to leave at all ! ! ! ! ! ! 😞 😕 
why isn't there anything to do tonight ! ? ): 
jade was having a bad day today :( #ihatethat #bestfriends 
i just saw tommy last night and i already miss him :( 
USERNAME noo ): you guys have suchaa good crrew tho 
nigga got me shedding tears i can't stay here , with out my brother :[ [ , don't call or text ! 
in so much pain . dont feel good at all . :( 
i'm so damn hungry like omg ima die and fall over wtf do i wanna eat :( #wishihademojis lol . 
USERNAME good ! ! lol but now im bored :( 
USERNAME :o i thought i told you i wanted to take you -,- 😔 , imagine we went on the same cruise . 
seeing old dogs at the humane society makes me want to cry 😢 
why isn't facebook letting me play farmville 2 ? i already upgraded the adobe flash player and it still won't let me play the game . 😔 🎮 
USERNAME don't worry haley ... i don't even like jason aldean that much #not you and lettuce have fun .... #sadtweet 
too bad i have finals to study for 😒 💔 
USERNAME dont hate , i just wanna be like hannah montana ): 
ohio state can't make any progress . it's like no one wants a trophy ! :-( :-( :-( 
i wanna get cute 😔 but i have the flu so my life sucks #theend 
i've been sitting on 24 for 40 min #ihatetraffic #missingdinner :( 😔 
USERNAME yes ! so do i , my building only allow cats :-( 
work tonight better go by fast i wish i could just sleep 😔 
i can't believe it's the end of the season , let alone the seniors last high school game ... 😭 😭 😭 💔 #growingup #heartbroken 
i hate when i pick up mah niece n she doesnt have her jacket on kuz someone jakked i t.t f lil kids thieven in 1st grade ? lol 
why am i so so so sick :-( omg , ugh . 
smoking and heartache will be the death if me 😲 💔 🚭 
my boob hurts really bad . like i know that sounds funny but it really hurts 😢 
in a rolling mood , miss my molly girl its been bout a year now 😢 
i never hesitated to call u when i needed someone to talk to . now it's hard to dial ur number . 😢 
i'm so mad at whoever ate my food i was looking forward to a nice meal instead of some nasty ass pringles . 😭 😭 
the fact that my jaw pops every time i eat <<<<<<<<< #ugh #ouch :( 
3u 4m0 kr0l tudo lindo krol ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! sdd da sua companhia tb ): 
prayin for my brothers ): i love you ! ! ! and you'll always be wanted ! ! 
*thank god for liberty ! ! i'm soo tired & still not feeling well ! !* 😔 
i swear the world is against me today .. #badday :( 
working a 8hour shift ain't no joke . i need a foots massage lol . :( 
lol , how could i have been such a fool . there is obviously no hope . at all :'( ( 
USERNAME clm ft . younginfam celebration ( pour up ): URL 
i miss my como friends hope y'all don't have too much fun with out me :( 
USERNAME i'm not gonna be able to come :( i've been sick all week long 😢 
USERNAME coming now . mama is taking papa to the emergency room :( daddy has a bruise/bump that wont go away :'( 
pretty little liars is just too far away from now :( 
if you're angry don't take it out on me bud #notcool 😔 
it just hailed for like 30 seconds so i stood outside to catch some . fred promptly took off running into the rain . now he's wet and cold . 😔 
super tired at work :( nap is needed for sure @ our lady of the lake university URL 
i just had a massive panic attack because i left my phone at boomerang . 😥 
i miss my daddy and he hasn't even been gone for 24 hrs yet 😔 lol USERNAME 
USERNAME luvd ur phne call ... really thot it was him ! :( ayee ! ! lmao i'll admit it #imisshim lol 
USERNAME yes :( i hate it ! i liked your ucla hoodie tho lol 
just hit my toe 😠 😩 😥 😩worst pain ever ! ! ! ! 
why does everyone want me to go out tonight , the only night that i have a shit ton of homework and work at 6 in the morning #sadtweet 
USERNAME aww , i tried to make you smile :( 
honestly i'm not tryna be here for another 30 mintues 😭 #saveme 
cried like a baby on yesterday's greys anatomy ! ! ! :'( 
omg . is today over yet ? ! this last hour has been a headache 😣 
so mad i cnt take this mini trip wit my gurl USERNAME ..... for her gday .... but im sure there will another trip soom ... #fml 😠 😡 😢 
omg , i want that bracelet ! but it's $54.00 :( 
i'm burning bridges that i don't plan on ever having to cross again even the ones closest to my heart :-( #life 
USERNAME no 😔 going home to see if i can lose the boot 
i wish that USERNAME and USERNAME were coming to see me today 😔 at least we still have snapchat 💜 #missem #9days 
USERNAME awe . no good . :( how far away are you guys ? 
its all good .. ill catch u next round .. lol rt USERNAME USERNAME im sowwyy ! ! 😢 this shit sucks ! ! 
i really wanna hang out with all of my siblings together and have a party night . i miss them :( 
so fucking nervous about my hair right now #idontwannaloseyou #butihavetoo #wah 😢 
my last football game of my high school career and i can't go ... #depressed 
i need to talk to USERNAME and she won't respond 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
that moment when you feel like you've lost your best friend . < #thingsjustarentthesameanymore </3 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME that's so long from now ! ! ! 😔 
ohh fuck i should've thought of this earlier . #fml #thatshitidontlike 
USERNAME aw thanks gabby ! i miss you too 😔 
if USERNAME doesn't read the poem i made for him i'm so going to cry :( URL 
USERNAME you didn't ask ! ps i miss youu momma :( 
USERNAME i’m sad i can’t be at the ut/gt game sunday :( 
i just can't do it anymore 😭 😭 😭 📄📔📖 #5hourslater #kinesmajorproblems #530pl @ lsu - troy h . middleton library URL 
hate when it's not even 6 and it's soo dark out #depressing 
wish i was sitting up in the stand with dad waiting on a big buck to walk up #sadday 
i swear .... some women when they wear too much make up: ... look like drag queens when their only attempt is to look like beauty queens .. :( 
this night has sucked ass . need somethin to cheer me up ! 😣 #fuckyou 
USERNAME USERNAME już za późno teraz , bo już w drodze jest podobno :( 
USERNAME queria o novo imac , só mes q vem :( 
USERNAME i was too busy being depressed about election night returns to make witty quips on twitter ! :( 
USERNAME hahaha totally got shut down by my own parents #heartbreak 💔 #isthisreallife 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know but i just got promoted and we will busy from now until christmas :( (( 
so bored hate being home alone all the time :( 
i'm broken till tuesday ! no lower back workouts for me ! #justgreat 😔 
i feel like such an oddball in my own house . it's not a pleasant feeling . :( 
really hate that i can't go to the game tonight :( . 
my pantech can't handle all the texting i do . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME you have to be 21 to see the free pod show 😥 
USERNAME oh . i'm kinda disappointed it wasn't the fat lady downstairs :( 
going to miss USERNAME at the game tonight :( #bestfriendprobs atleast i will see her later tonight ! 
USERNAME i'm on your profile & i don't see anything awkward ! :( 
why does time run when i have so much to do ? 😭 URL 
reading my old txts with USERNAME & USERNAME makes me miss them even more :( 
i never thought that i'd be upset that moshier raped me :( #fuckaccounting 
i can't wear what i planned to wear tonight , it's gonna be way to cold 😞 i hate winter . 
i'm left with a baby and no boyfriend #thisshouldbeagoodweekend #childdev . #sadtweet 😔 😒 👶 💔 👎👱 
waiting for my boss' train has got to be the most annoying thing . and all i smell is her four brothers 😣 
USERNAME the tube broke on him , and then his neck swelled up with blood . :( 
love the fact i am in florida but i hate the fact i have 5 more hours of driving :( 
i hate when he's at work because i have nobody to text . 😞 
USERNAME pssh nothing compared to 34 degrees ..... #nocomplaining 😥 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME come play richmond soon :( i need you in my life . 
USERNAME i live in victorville ): yeah you live really far from me 
i wish i could go too sadies tonight . :( ( 
when my plans are ruined due to working fags like morgan<<< #sadtweet 
really really really really really really really upset that i won't be tailgating in auburn tomorrow .... really ! 👎 😭 💔 
USERNAME & therefore sensationalist reporting to call it over an affair when the affair was only a minor part of it all . :( 
USERNAME big hugs and kisses . missing you # :( 
wow work i didn't even know i had to do :( 
these lines at aldi are out the door 👎 😔 
i haven't seen / talked to keviahna all day :( ( wtf ? ! 
USERNAME one time i had a chx ceaser wawa wrap in my car for a day and when i found it i ate it . i got sick 😔 
USERNAME yea… :( next paycheck is going to be big though but that isn’t till the 26 i believe 
wish i could go with USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME tomorrow ! :( 
these hoes put the flash on high and take picture saying #redbone & badbitch , bitch kill yourself 😧 🔫 
mlst are tan tho .. USERNAME pink piglet dicks :( rt USERNAME white penis just looks weird . 
i feel like to many people hate me on twitter that i follow ! :'( 
last night made me realize a lot of things & i'm not sure how i take it .. 😞 
i'm gonna miss you jackie 😔 have fun at camp ❤ 
USERNAME USERNAME you don't fw us ! ya ass always caked up :( 
dude im honestly tiered as fuck and i have to work :( 
so sad i can't go to the last home game :( class of 2013 have a good senior night ! ! i love you all 😚 ❤ #coppellfootball #cfnd 
i need a tanning package but i don't know where to go 😞 #toomanychoices 
i really wanna watch ba perform live , but i'm not in indiannapolis .... #sadday 
everyone convinced me formation was at 2023 ... there is no formation . i hate everyone ) ): 
since i turn 18 my mom started to become #od #strict to me like #wtf #fml 😥 
idont understand why my mom dont want me to go to bayshore ! ? ? 😥 
every time i turn around another one of my ponytails goes missing ): 
USERNAME ok u are silly only older girls wear that like me . all of those outfits and no one to wear them for . :'( 
going to see the old man at the hospital 😔 
USERNAME nu uh ! now im embarrassed :( haha but its a good quote ! 
USERNAME don't have too much fun without me #separationanxiety 😞 
i ain't commenting on no more of USERNAME ig pics , he told everyone thank you except me :-( lol 
once i find my retainers its going to be a bitch to put in :( 
well you could be freezing your ass off outside 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i didn't even get to say goodbye :'( but anyways , ill bring a bottle ! ! lol 
i guess u hate me cuz i think bad things about you 😥 😢 #sorry i have #trustissues 
that was too easy :( i still want some fries .... 
USERNAME sorry i'm shopping right now .. :( let me know when this week though ! ! and yes ! for sure ! at vermilion ? ? 
USERNAME bc i have school during the week :( i'm switching my schedule next semester to a few nights during the week lol 
visit me at work plz :( (( (@ dairy queen) URL 
i can't tell if all these fire tweets are true or not ... 😳 😦 
USERNAME my dad killed him , because he killed a cat 😢 four days ago & he just told me . they lied about him this whole time 😡 
i feel bad i didn't hear the kids knocking at the door 😔 
USERNAME i'm sorry i'll try to keep it down next time )) ): 
guise , do i look like a halfsie ? :( got told today by two people that i don't look chinese . womp . 
USERNAME drew perry ! i swear i'm gonna kick your butt ! you be sweet ! 😔 
i jus gott a real bad paper cut it really hurt :( 
USERNAME :( now i feel guilty for being nosy . i'm sorry ! i hope all turns out well . hugs -s 
r . i . p raymund :( forever in my heart <3 3 
with all of this medicine i hope i start feeling better soon ! 😔 my moms the best ❤ URL 
everyday we don't talk suucks . you used to make everything better :( 
USERNAME i didn't get to see you last night , i was highly upset :( #missyou 
i have never heard so many guys cussing at once ! ! ! 😭 
USERNAME haha wah ! it's all guys i'm not interested in though :( 
all i wanna do is lay down with babe :( 
USERNAME have nothing to do but take naps together , which is what we did . now we have nothing else to do :( 
USERNAME god ! 😞 i am going to go to the saugus one this weekend ! 😁😁😁 
how come everytime USERNAME gets a tweet from someone else & they ask him to follow them ! but when i ask him to ! i don't get a reply ! :( 
this the 2nd year i'm not back home in stl for the holy convocation .. i was really looking forward to meeting USERNAME :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 1st friday night that i'm not at the theater . idk what to do with myself . :( 
oh fuck i knew this was gonna happen . shit shit shit shit . 😔 
bad luck , or clumsiness . #fml dropping everything . dropped my whole bottle of fresh squeezed carrot juice . tripping &running into walls #wtf 
got in line & didn't even realize i aint have my card #fml 
i hate those last ten minutes before work , i dont wannaa . ): 
worse pain i ever had :( wish all this was just a dream <\3 
like why can't god just take the rapists and killers instead of all the good people . the world would be such a better place 😢 
stop saying you're sorry . it wouldn't be like this if you were .. ): 
4 cups of coffee today .... headache 😣 😫 😖 
i be gettin jealous ofshitbi shouldn't be lol ugh . 💔 
well today has went from okay , to pretty good , to absolute shit 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wahh i'm legit so upset ! i miss youu 😿 
USERNAME USERNAME obvi i can't . :( but we can have a #drinkoff #bffs 🍻 
man i'm such a good friend , working concession stand to tonight 😾 
what's eating gilbert grape is such a sad movie 😔 
hardwell – apollo (ft . amba shepherd ): hardwell has been a man on a mission this year . catapulting up to #6 on the ... URL 
seriously , USERNAME sucks at this whole friendship thing . #neverseeyou #fml 
still dont know what the hell im wearing tomorrow 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah , i thought so too , but it doesn’t seem to work with browserified modules :( 
they say , when youur mood goes bad for noo reason ; youu miss someone </3 
USERNAME i worked at 18 when he was a vollie very nice ... 😞 
crying myself to sleep . #dontbotherme #goodfuckingnight . 😡 😔 😢 
running on coffee n a banana hate when it gets this busy so hungry :-( 
USERNAME :( isn't it the worst ? be my friend ! o.o 
i get sad that my best friend moved to a completely different state 😔 i deadass wish she could just come & live with me 
why they don't notice me :-( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME and #twitterlessfelicia are having a deep discussion about religion and all i wanna do is eat everything in sight :( 
getting schwasted tonight ! woo ! ... awh who am i kidding i'm just gonna sit at home all night :( 
noone is responding to my snap chats 😣 #daeff ? 
USERNAME i miss you too :( im gonna be in pickerington during thanksgiving break so your butt better be there 
soo pissed . aint gotta ride to the game ): #fml 
i'm done getting my hopes up , just for them to get let down . 😔 
i didn't know you felt that way #oomf . :( 
USERNAME i cant express how jelous i am . thats all i want to eat . but i cant :( ( 
taking thvt appl . to dollar deal tomar . was gne take it today , bt shxt happend + my head hurt :[ . ima just lay it down nd write a lil . 
tgif .. oh wait , i'm bed written soo :( #someonetextme 
i wish i could be in edc :'( nothing to do in this boring town .... 
6pm on a friday night and i'm still stuck at the office 😣 i need a drink ! #lawkidproblems 
i always miss the good stuff .. we having kickback tonight & i can't go cause i'm goin home 😔 makes me wanna leave tomorrow but i made plans 
i just can't stop crying 😭 😭 😭 😭 i don't know what's wrong with me 
i want starbucks . too bad its so fattening . :( 
USERNAME ohh ...... well alright then i guess i wont get to see you :( 
class is gonna be so quiet without paris . aw :( i was actually starting to really like her . lol , 
USERNAME aww :( i figured you wanted to stay with tom because of his foot 
USERNAME hahahaa i forgot about thatt ! last night was blackout status hahah idk what im gonna do without you at keene tonight .. 😭 
USERNAME that's exactly wht i'm asking myself about jonathan 😞 
i really want some mcdonalds but i can't eat junk because of track :( 
USERNAME its all fun and games until someone gets punched in the face during the glow stick light show # urtooclosetomyface :( 
i miss you , alot actually . #missmybff #sadtweet #youknowwhoyouare #ihope 
USERNAME oh darn .. adam said he went inside .. not thru the drive thru :( 
and it hurts to say this out loud , looks like she's really gone now ... 😔 
mad i missed tyson call cuz i was at work he called 20 mins before i got off . :-( cant wait till 2013 
the 40 year old baby has a fever . :'( waa 
i came to visit my grandma so i can eat her awesome cooking , but she didn't cook for me :( 
so this is like my first full day apart from elizabeth while she's at work and i'm starting to have withdrawals . :( 
sorry mom , i must've forgotten that i was just your punching bag . #bitch 😣 👊 😰 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss you guys too soo effin much :( ( 
of course , i rarely shop @ walmart but i know many have no choice ! :( 
lmfao my mom called this girl a wetback 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME mm ...... chioptle . we don't have that down here :-( 
i wish brooke didnt sleep so much 😢 lol but she hasn't slept for a long time i'm proud of her ! lol 
when hal ditches me for her boyfriend :'( #haahaa #iddothesame ;p USERNAME USERNAME 
danm i guess today is the day everyone wants to hang out :( (( 
USERNAME i bought the gingerbread ones the other day and they're ridiculously good ! i missed out on the pumpkin pie ones though . :( 
USERNAME aww man :( im actually going outta town tonight it was a last minute thing :/ i'm sorry ! ! :( 
USERNAME omg ! ! :( i never cheated on you ! ! you're my bb 
soo he cant get visits ! ! ! ! #fml 
USERNAME aw , thnks & i know :( jp lol 
everyone getting a puppy nowadays .. i want one 😔 🐶 
man i wish i had my xbox and my mw3 with me right now ... :( 
serious car rides with USERNAME < i like mrs . murrays car rides better :( 
stalking your own fb timeline really shows you how much times have changed and how much you miss being a kid 😔 
i just died 😳 😭 😲 🔫 @ myheart <3 URL 
mike brown got fired but i don't think the problem with the lakers' poor start is entire his faul t.t heir big 3 can't play as a team . 
i'm going to be with my bestfriend tomorrow because she will really need me 😔 
USERNAME i did , but amazon payments didnt work for me and lockitron support couldnt help , so i had no way to pay . :( 
i don't even want to watch the voice since USERNAME isn't on it anymore :( 
USERNAME USERNAME see you guys in like 8 hours then ! :'( 
i got the flu shot and now i'm have the flu . i'm scared of throwing up . 😢 😷 
july just came on my pandora ... why 😔 😡 
just skyped kayden and he told me he has his first loose tooth ! i hope it doesn't fall out until i home since i'm the tooth fairy . :( 
USERNAME in know that -.- and i wanted to go but i didnt feel good in the morning 😞 
coming back to an empty room << 😢 😢 😢 USERNAME USERNAME 
way too long . 5 minutes . 😩 😢 URL 
i came '--' to getting mad at USERNAME i texted him over an hour ago . just now responding . 😔 😤 😏 
when your boyfriend doesn't answer your texts or phone calls<<< 😥 
larry just got hit by a car ! :( omfg 
first time working without USERNAME & its no fun without you :( i miss you 
i forgot my hair straightener ! ! ! 😱 and my dad goes 😰 😭 😢 
i dedicate the song i won't let go by rascal flats to my nana . 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME y'all kno i live too far thoo 😔 tomorrow 
being locked outta tha house in this cold weather 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME guess i'm not getting my bottle of water here .. :( URL 
eric and katie on USERNAME can’t keep it together . : :c rying:: 
USERNAME lol pretty much yes 🚚🚚🚚 😭 😭 😭 😭 
sometimes i get to lincoln and forget to turn my abg off . #fuck #whatthefuck #fuckinfuck #fuckmylife 🙊 
i hate seening my dad laying in a hospital bed :( 
i don't feel good and i don't know why . :( #dislike 
USERNAME aw oh no :( lukers is in my prayers 
USERNAME ahh ... :( i just wanted someone to talk to #solonely 
living in boston has certainly turned me into a starbucks snob . just want a latté and there is nowhere to get one 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME 😔 if only i could get mine done . 
still waitin on my sat scores and acceptance letters ..... ughh the suspense is killing me < :{ } 
just ate a big bowl of i can't freaking breathe o's . 😉 😥 
USERNAME good ! and i know , because we haven't ... :( 
USERNAME well i hope he did lol , and you know you miss him when you :'( that same night y'all broke up 
i hate when i'm supposed to be at 2 places at once :( 
USERNAME damn u just flicked me off # 😥 😭 😪 😥 😭 😪 😥 
where is everyone ? ? ? ? USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm bored :( 
headache from hell that wont go away . let's get this over with :[ 
USERNAME ill be praying for you guys because inwont be in attendance 😱 😭 😭 😭 😭 keep my clothes safe 😉 
date canceled on me . good thing because this cold sore is starting to grow a life of its own . 😞 
boo i want to go to the gammee . #fml 
every person has at least one secret that would break your heart 💔 #truth 
bye scruffy :( you were the best bday present & dog i could've asked for the past 12 yrs & this one on home while im there won't be the same 
USERNAME :( i have to work . need a ticket ? 
USERNAME sakit na likod ko saka mata ko .. :( 
USERNAME i just gotta wait on my dad to order one :c i have no idea when he's gunna do that 
all alone because all of my suitemates left me; i'm so lonely without y'all . USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😕 😧 
i don't wanna be home alone tonight 😳 😁 😞 
it's a horrifying thing when you think your 5 y/o niece asks you how to spell 😥 
when my mom tells me my granny bow doesn't have much more time to live 😢 
USERNAME yeah i mean you could call your buddy kelsey up once in a while just to say hi 😔 
my heart will go on and on . #sadtweet #titanic . 
i have to wait for 2 ppl till my turnn , :( 
shopping with babygirl ! trying to get things off my mind ! hamilton here we come ! ! #depressed #shitonmymind 
girls with mustaches don't fucking talk to mee 😣 😣 😣 😣 
USERNAME too bad you are not allowed to sign this photo :( URL 
ask my mommy if you can comeover ! i miss you </3 USERNAME 
USERNAME haha yayy but too bad im not coming back this weekend :( 
reason to switch to android . 😧 rt USERNAME man shot five times over his iphone URL 
so depressed that i'm going to be gone until monday 😭 
USERNAME i kno we never really got to talk but ill miss you you are so sweet and beautiful hate to see you leave 😢 i'm here for you 
USERNAME :/ that's not funny tho . it gave me a headache . that sneaker was mad hard . but i'm still mad . 😔 
i've never seen a black redneck till i watched hoarders :-( 
so im nott gettin a haircut . . . :( 
i miss watching USERNAME with you everyday ! :( USERNAME #babycomeback 
i need a biddie :( wish i had time to go out and find me one ! 
USERNAME you don't know who leonardo dicaprio is ? ? ? ? what is wrong with you megan . wow . bye . heartbroken </3 #greatestever #lovehim 
USERNAME it's really hard to do serial killer/horror without just being a gore fes t.t his might hit the sweet spot . 
i was a fatty with my toppings today 😔 #orangleaf #froyo #peanutbutter #yumyum @ orange leaf frozen yogurt URL 
just skyped kayden and he showed me his first loose tooth ! ! i hope it doesn't fall out until i get back home since i'm the tooth fairy ! :( 
USERNAME i know 😔 i decided to listen to them all day instead of going 
nobody has texted me all day ... k . 😢 
my USERNAME don't fuck with my lil ass no more ! ☹ 
why do i have this feeling i'm going to spend my whole paycheck this weekend & i just got it today ... ? 😔 
i wish i could go to the bonfire tonight , butt no i have too feel like shit cause of my wisdom teeth getting cut out :( 
chuck and blair ❤ ❤ ❤ 😢 😢 😢 makes me want a chuck ..... #gossipgirlproblems 
USERNAME no it shows ne your old avi :( ! ! 
that moment both , my bestfriend & i are both in a crappy/i wna cry for no reason mood 😔 
USERNAME :( you only sayin that cause i said something 
hmm ... i wonder if this is how things are going to be :( #hopenot 
#1996 you're so gorgeous omg :( :( liam liam liam 
rt :( USERNAME re-tweet this if you've picked up #newhorizons - the last album featuring lacey . URL 
USERNAME don't yell at me ): & i wanna go together thou 
i wish i had enough money for halo 4 :( #depressing 
sometimes i'll rather stay at work than go home 😓 😞 
you look so foolish with my best friend , aint she ain't no better than you </3 . . . 
USERNAME couldn't agree more . i knew of a similar situation & that was before social networking ... it so much worse now :( kills me ! 
why am i such a screw up it seems i cant do anything right anymore . :( (( 
USERNAME oh no , grabe . if u lost it here for sure makakabalik pa sayo , pag dyan nawala kahit saglit lang , lost na talaga . so sorry :( 
USERNAME imma miss you so much this weekend ! dont party to hard without me 💔 😔 
no school until second semester , whoo hoo . that makes it like hundred times easier on me ... it was sad saying bye to everyone :( 
this weekend i'm writing letters to my cousin david and my bff jacob , i miss them both so much . 😔 
jenessy hates me or something 😕 she never texts me back 💔 
friday night & i'm home .. #forveralone 💔 fuck this 😏 
why can't i be perfect like victoria secret models . 😢 
USERNAME i will ! 😢 like i lost a part of me 💔 
USERNAME lol i've been missing out on it ! :( 
USERNAME come home a day early so we can watch the series finale together :( 
brantley gilbert is in huntington and i'm a broke ass bitch that couldn't go 😢 
USERNAME let me just say i wouldn't take my 13 yr . old ..... :( 
i wanna go home already :( #worksucks #slowday #boredaf #2morehours 
lookin like a stoned ass severely good looking tatted up baby jesus . i'm in my pool . alone tho :( ps i'm ass naked in this bitch too . 
another friday date with 5,000 drivers on our favorite 2-lane road . #fml @ the city of somerville URL 
being indecisive and trying to make everyone happy is literally the worst combination ever :( 
*broom pat* rt USERNAME i never cried during this movie . why now ? my feelings 😭 
great . he's gonna like you along with all the other guys who are crazy about you 😔 
USERNAME exactly what i'm doing right now cause nobody wanted to go on a nature walk with me :c lol 
USERNAME i wish i had you as backup tonite .. why does god chose me to get beat and fucked up .. ? i did nothing wrong :'( 
i don't really feel like going to this z meeting . i feel like crap right about now . :-( 
with a $3,000 neversummer themed tattoo , i'm not gonna be able to buy my new board this year :-( 
USERNAME yumm ! i ate a big mac already :( 
USERNAME listening to ‘how to be a heartbreaker’ makes life so swell after such a brutal day . #onrepeat #wallflower 💔 💎 
USERNAME :( i feel ya i'm dealing with my university cutting 12 majors including mine 
def regretting going to a pizza buffet today .... don't wanna do anything 😞 🍕😩 
okay i'm about to freeze my tits off i'm so cold :( 
i wish there was a miracle that could bring you back to life ): .. 
i wish i had someone who actually wanted to talk to me right now .. whatever though . i'm used to it 😔 
USERNAME i dnt want to just show up and have ppl look and i just remembered i have no cash today :-( 
where is my family ? ? ? ? ? ? no ones home :( why am i worried -.- who cares whtever 
USERNAME aww ! preston will be 4 months on november 17th :( he's getting so big ! :( lol 
USERNAME we do ! :( hopefully tonight if you guys don't have plans . 
USERNAME i miss maitaine because she is in espain 😔 ❤ URL 
USERNAME lol you just became my friend and you changed already 💔 
also , i already miss robbie . 😭 4⃣ ❤ 
USERNAME so proud . love you girls miss my team :( kick ass and keep me updated ! 
USERNAME USERNAME i love that rcr is so close to me and i can visit any time :( what if next year is a great year ? i dunno .. 
i'm so tired of doing my hair every week ! it's really blowing me ! 😞 
i wish that's so raven was still on .. 😔 
in this wretched traffic ! traffic from clt 2 indian trail makes me :( (@ highway 74) URL 
USERNAME USERNAME it's been too long ! what happend ? ! :( 
USERNAME you were right . i desperately want something besides pudding , yogurt , or a shake :( 
USERNAME this shit sucks so bad smh #fuuck 💔 😞 
USERNAME agreed . but it's only 65 here . :( 
USERNAME come back to me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 💔 
all doctor's offices make me nervous , even when i'm not the patient :( #doctors #waitingrooms #ihatethewait 
USERNAME amen ! i'm dyin right now about to go to the bball game #fml 
awee i just wanna go back to school lol 😔 
i miss USERNAME soo much ! ! ! ! 😔 
either my computer is going really slow , or this test is taking really long . #fml 
its cold as fuck outside #summer time where did u go :( 
my own bf USERNAME wont lau with me cuz he say my feet stank :( 
USERNAME :( ((((( i can't ! i'm leaving that night ! haha 
the guilt of eating cupcakes in place of going to the gym is setting in 😔 
USERNAME but .... i thought what we had was special ? ): i wanna celebrate every day :/ 
USERNAME i have bad news 😢 i couldn't pull through man ! i'm working with him again maybe then i'll take the whole bag lol 😬 😏 
USERNAME sleepver soon .. can't stand it anymore . miss my little bit 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss you on the show willie ! :( 
USERNAME me and my friends wanted to go to nyc for their today show concert so bad 😔 #lifeisrough 
USERNAME i would kill to see you . :'( i tried so hard 
USERNAME damn it ... me too :[ why do people so this to us ! ! ! 
i now know how jacky feels when i don't text back 😔 
i feel ima lose u since im being an asshole to u 😥 
at the airport . i wish it was me leaving 😞 
*; just a hard ass decision goodbye my baby :'( #hurt 
having make fun of you all day . that was my day :( 
got my nails done again and i hate them too 😔 i do a better job than the true asians 
why am i thinking about you so much lately 😔 #stupid 
USERNAME wheree are youu ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! and guess what ? my hand started shaking again 😔 #wah 
someone come keep me company while 20 of my little sisters friends are running around my house annoying the shit out of mee .👎 😦 😠 😡 😔 
ain't heard from USERNAME in a min tho :( lol she so mean .... 
USERNAME lol sorry kat :( lmao but you have to admit it was funny lol . imma dm you 
i want my best friend USERNAME to be safe this weekend ! i care about her too much to see her get hurt 💔 
shari's good bye hug was gut wrenching :'( (@ jcpenney) URL 
i feel like a shitty friend cause i can't come see you every weekend :( 
i honestly don't even know if i can do this 💔 
USERNAME , USERNAME , and tori ate all my mints at the play . :-( 
my dad won't let me go to the game and he's making me go see a james bond movie with him #fml 
USERNAME i'm on brooklyn mt i hope i do :( 
USERNAME damn boy ! i was only there for a minute :( 
what was the poor cat doing in a bag in the fjrst place ! #meansaying 😿 
best friend tells me she wants to bake peanut butter cookies . i think lowkey she trying to kill me im allergic to peanuts ! USERNAME 😿 
USERNAME alexis , may lakad pala kami tonight :( ( i feel bad 
april please come fast 😞 can't wait to go back home forever 😔 i totally changed my mind of studying here i hate it ! ! 
this is going to be one boring weekend .... sucks being sick . :( #confined 
its been a while since iv cried like this 😢 
someone give me an excuse to not go tomorrow :( ( 
USERNAME too bad ill never have tickets .. 😔 😒 
USERNAME awwe ): well i hope you feel better . and oh gosh .. lol 
USERNAME i don't wanna talk about it . ima get all in my feelings it's already sad enough :( 
i always have bad luck :/ cut my finger open :( 
its likee you try to piss me off 😠 😞 😔 
USERNAME :( im sorry love ! hope it gets better like you deserve 
USERNAME but it's so cool i never had one as a kid :( 
cheated on .👎 over thinking .👎 lied to .👎 heart broken . 💔 not cared for .👎 losing .👎 scared . 😥 assuming .👎 nervous . 😱 letting go .👎 
kinda wish i didn't have to work tonight , i wanted to go shopping 😔 
USERNAME you're in my city tomorrow :'( :'( :'( :'( 
ok why am i the only person here 😭 😖 @ c3 church URL 
USERNAME don't hate . 😔 i met my parents after the funeral home . i'll go with ya somewhere though ! 
finally in arizona ! ! ! ! first thing i did ? work out ... smh 😞 😒 #d1athleteproblems 
USERNAME if it makes you feel better i ran over a squirrel's back legs and had to watch it try to crawl off the road 😭 
my car just got stuck in the snow ! :( ((((( #fuckthis 
i just wanna lay w/ him all night . 😩 😥 #sadtweet 
i feel so sick . i just want to have a good night birthday shopping for braden ! 😣 
someone come keep me company while 20 of my little sisters friends run around my house&annoy the shit out of me .👎 😠 😦 😡 😔 
why do people keep saying that the world gone end this year 😰 😨 😭 
USERNAME i will find you this week . i forgot :( 
everyone clowns on me because of my age 😔 assholes ! ! 
USERNAME had to get the hell up outta there ! lol last time i was back was in march and them trips be too short to see everyone :( 
i shall go do my nails cause' no one will hangout with me tomo :( 
wow i put on these nice tight ass jeans fo nada :( 
USERNAME havent been on in a while , moved , new job , high maint kids , did i lose the ic ? :( im lost , where did everyone go ? love my slessard 
starving ! ! ! but sacrificing for losing weight ! ! ! #fatgirlproblems :( 
just watching bulls gap play ! i miss middle school so much ! 🏀 😭 
after eleven years of friendship i didn't think you would be doing this shit . oh well . gotta wipe the tears and move on from it . ): 
USERNAME you are so lucky . please , please don't take this for granted . i tried since june to get tix , i tried so hard . :( luv u bby 
would love to leave work right about now #wonthappen but still 😁 😔 😖 
i almost cried when zay told me he was leaving :( 
USERNAME i just now saw this , i thought you were working :( stupid me 
holy shit ... my last home high school football game is tomorrow ... 😥 
wunna chill with somf but oh well i guess 😔 😔 
USERNAME crap . i tried to join your site but it says visa cards not accepted . don’t have a mc or disc . :( 
thinking too much && you will create a problem that not even there in the first place ! ! ! 😔 😔 
USERNAME i didn't know until sunday i believe the situation was :( 
ena llah w ena elayhe raj3oon :( allah yr7mhm w y3'md roo7hm aljna .. #shahad #sarah 
i need to be able to breathe again . just drop into my pelvis already , little one . i just want to see what it's like to breathe again . :( 
i would have rather spent my night with you , some other time i guess . #oomf 😔 
wish my #mymobboss felt better i hate seeing him sicc 😔 
me :{ kiss on lips}oh , that was your girl ? thought iirecognized her . jacob: had to be you . 
i remember when i asked her if i could touch her tummy and she said no . now shes gone </3 
USERNAME yep :( anywho lets drown our sorrow in some netflix haha 
i would loose my fucking make up bag 😡 😒 😔 #wtf #mad 
USERNAME so now fox's karl rove saying dems suppressed his votes . it's never gonna end ! help me ! :( 
i wish i had an iphone :( this ipod is not for making gifs the quality sucks ! #1stworldproblems . #teamiphonewannabe . 
why can't i just have a lifted truck ? :( 
what USERNAME did to me today in spanish . <<<<<<<<><>< #notfunny #myeyehurts 😔 
everybody going out tonight and my ass stuck at work :( 
i hate having to work :( (( me too USERNAME ! 
haven't ate since this morning and in getting cranky 😣 ughh 
first time ever that i don't like the fact that this week is ending because its the weekend and i can't see pablo :( 
USERNAME no but i'll gladly make a trip up there it's soo hot here ! ! ! 😢 
i don't think anyone is coming to my babyshower .. smh :'( 
next thursday 25$ will be donated to USERNAME USERNAME #ripmitchlucker ): love you guys . 
i'm losing muscle :( @ the oaks - meredith college URL 
USERNAME i only turn it on for glee ! and new girl , but that wasn't even on this week :( 
wish my #mymobboss felt better i hate seeing him sicc 😔 #dude 
guess , it's my turn to stop caring as well , 😔 😔 
i wish i could come home to a cute little puppy 🐶 💜 😔 #misspencer 
taylor swift just followed me . is this real life ! 😵 😭 
just marching around the house singing when the saints go marching in , that's how bored i am 😔 
my attitude right now <<< need my honey bun to msg me . :( #ahh 
USERNAME that's about what i go through in 5 days , for the last 4 months #fml #really #dollargeneral #usgovernmenttotallysucks 
USERNAME USERNAME awee shucks 😔 i hope you guys are cool with watching it again in a couple weeks .. 
USERNAME :( allied health won't be the same ! #sadface 
USERNAME i kno ! ! i've been so busy :( ( i don't get a day off till thanks giving :( ( and i worked all this week ! 
USERNAME when are you putting up your next video ? i miss your videos so much :( 
when i dry my hair and i go willow smith on that shit and i hit my head on the door #fml 
i hate being cold after taking a hot bath :( ((( 
USERNAME egypt ... jk in fort . myers :c i moved >.> 
once again (i just cannot stress it enough ): love is the answer ! 
try me if you want to :c lock is ticking *tick tok , tick tok* 
i just saw a commercial with pie in it , and now i would love some :-( 
just realized i'm going to be in the air when texans take on the bears on the 11th :-( 
i made sarah upset , i'm getting depressed , i feel alone and i'm gonna have an awful party tomorrow . i just want to cry . :'( 
i'm really sad because i couldn't be in the picture for mr . walsh :( i'm sorry you didn't reach 100 😢 
ahh i feel like shit , my heads hurting .. my ear's hurting .. ughh :( 
aww lulu got her teeth cleaned and now she hates everyone :( poor pooch 
mite b spending my nite at home instead of at the game ! ! ! :( 
i just locked all the windows and the door 😳 😔 😣 
USERNAME i couldn't take a pic without squinting , it sucks :( 
holy heck ! !new check in record .. got2the airport 20 min before my flight . guy checking me in: i hope you make your flight , you need to run :( 
USERNAME because i told you to tell him to give it back :c 
most of my team is coming over tonight 😳 😣 let's so how this goes the second time around 
USERNAME can you pleas3 give me a shoutout ): don't have many followers 
USERNAME not until a couple hours my ride took longer than expected getting off the island 😔 hope you're having fun ! 
stood under the heater for6hrs = massive headache aahh :( 
instead of enjoying my friday like everyone else i'm home cleaning my room ... 😔 👎 #jordans #jersey @ mi casa URL 
USERNAME USERNAME wtf are those faces for ? v.v lol ? ? ? lol 
now my other favorite manager is leaving ? ! 😭 
i wish USERNAME could come visit me , pero i am sick :c 
USERNAME i know ! ! :'( such a bad feeling :x 
USERNAME i'm gonna look like a slob either way :c whos all gonna be there ? the whole school ? 
USERNAME i need to talk to you about a personal matter :( 
it's not like anybody cares about me or what i do anyway .. 😢 😕 
😭 when my dad and sister beg me to come live with them <<< 
i never have money , i need a job 😔 
it really breaks my heart when people use 😔 💔 
when your surrounded by so many people but at the same time you feel so alone << 😔 
this work day is half way way over .. i'm ready for 12 ! 😞 
USERNAME yayy ! if only i was in va now :( 
USERNAME well i'm already here or else i would have ! :( 
i dont think ima be able to go to the usc game with her tonight :( 
deciding which show should i go to on the 24th :( i hate when there is 2 shows on the same night #decisions 
never anything good to do in parma when you have no friends :( 
i havent even gotten up fromvbed and gone down stairs and said hi to anyone . i haven't eaten anything , just me and my bed . #depression 
i think it's finally time for a new pair of dr . martens . :-( 
omg ! ! ! thanks to my weather channel app , i left my bike at my dorm and now i have no time to eat between classes :( its not even cloudy ! ! ! ! ! 
why didn't i go to kendrick lamar concert when he was here :( 
poor baby is so tired she's asleep sitting up 😔 @ home sweet home . URL 
USERNAME you can just call me on skype if you want to chat today (i’m out of town this weekend ): brookrphone . 
i guess its be mean to mickinzi day :( #whathaveidone 
eating this croissant sausage egg muffin , looks delicious if only i could taste it . #sick #fml 
all these snow posts are making me crazy jealous 😥 ❄⛄ 
USERNAME i wouldn't touch them either . i was just thinking i haven't seen jenn lynn this year :( 
USERNAME i miss the hell outta you guys seriously 😭 
USERNAME lol that part was funny ! & when he cuts the lil girls hair :( 
trying to forget you is like trying to remember someone i never met 💔 😔 
sitting at bdubbs with USERNAME not eating because my throat hurts too much 😔 
USERNAME i just wanna be able to turn my light on :( 
i hate texting him first 😞 all well , guess ill just goto sleep or something .. 
USERNAME bueno gloria . yo mande las fotos de mis amores pero sin numero :( 
my mom went to her bfs this weekend so no one made me dinner :( 
one of the saddest days of my life :( rip bakers #bestjob #immamissyou 
have . never . felt so tired before 😴 😞 
finally told my mom i want to have surgery . it scares me , but i hurt too much . :( 
i hate when lil kids come in and get there shots 😔 
missed USERNAME in spanish and adv . algebra today ... 😔 
damn its been a year 2day since heavy d has been gone :-( 
alright time to get my ass up .. 🙈 😿 
i get soo sad when i got into delias ): 
not being able to go to the coco fest wiff my boy cause im sick < :( ( 
im hungry someone bring me food im not a chef :( 
this is some bullshit ... i cant go no where cause ion have a ride ughh #fml ╰_╯ 
somehow , there was no lunch today . :-( now awaiting airport mexican food and ready to eat m ... (at USERNAME [pic] — URL 
it funny how you tell yourself your going to start something 2morrow . why don't you start now ? it's hard ! no one said life was easy ! #fml 
USERNAME that's not good :( , have they gone away yet ? 
wish i were watching skyfall tonight ! #fml #jamesbond #007 
too bad my weekend can't be spent with #oomf :( 
USERNAME you was asking for to much appreciate me :( 
ahh ! my mouth ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
owee , i want some in and out burgers 😞 😖 imiss the freak outa cali 😞 
USERNAME no nick not unless it was before 23rd of september . :( 
USERNAME yes i do .. bad . and rowland too . :( <3 
messed up my freakin toe when i put my flats on 😭 
eating with my team . these are memories that left a lifetime .. going to miss you guys :( #state 
don't think i'm going to the game anymore ... 😔 
well so much for going to bowling practice ... :( 
no wickles for the potential fellows :( gotta make sure the bar is well stocked for next selection day ! USERNAME USERNAME 
awe i wanna dress up and go to the little halloween dance tonight 😔 😕 #fuckgrowingup 
USERNAME i miss you too 😭 😰 and definately ! ill be home soon so ill come over to visit 
i don't fee good i think ima k . o :'( 
USERNAME not today , i'm sick at home on the couch :( 
really wish i could go to the talent show :( #gottawork #blah 
i was right about today being the shittiest day ever . :( 
when your at kelly's motel and you see a car parked with high school tags . #depressing 
the salon lady took all my hair ... and my eyebrows 😦 🙈✂ 
did i really already lose my first chapstick ? ! ? noo :( 
USERNAME awh i wanted to see you wanted to hangout :( 
ugh i hate to see him sad after a good day :c 
that moment at work when you realize , you might be here for the next 5 years 😔 😔 😞 😣 
no plans for tonight cause USERNAME act like she don't know how to work her phone . 😤 😢 
bored with nothing to do on a friday night 😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪 😭 
USERNAME mamona ! ! ! jajaja , so anywaayss ! ! ! ! ! dude vamos acer algo este fin imy :( 
i wish i knew what my classes were gonna be like spring semester . petsmart is hiring :( 
i got a migraine so mf bad boyy .... it aint even funny . :'( 
this is the last weekend where i can eat pretty much whatever i want for 3 months 😭 😭 😭 😢 
USERNAME oh she is adorable i want one ! 😞 
i hope i feel better for samantha's bonfire tomorrow night 😞 
i miss you , but i hate you at the same time .. ? :( #confused 
USERNAME eww ! ! ! that's so weird for a friday , i'm sorry love :( 
USERNAME yess i was thinking about it today ! ! ! ! where have you been 😞 
i hate when i have to delete then retweet bc #autocorrect screwed something up :( 
USERNAME we miss you too man 😿 hope we get to see you soon ! we should facetime sometime 
USERNAME idk ? ! ? its so random :( i hope i don't go blind or something . 
USERNAME yes but is ok one of those 12 states ? probably not :( 
can't stop thinking about the bellbrook girls for the life of me , i don't even want to leave my house . 😔 
i wish i could go to the clairton game :( 
i want cookies or chocolate someone bring me some :( . ! ! ! 
is it december 12th yet ? ? i need this semester to be over so bad . i am so sick of constantly studying . i'm exhausted . 😢 😣 
i seriously just got baby shit on my hair 😖 😩 😭 #suckstosuck 
USERNAME no you were being mean ! :( those love songs during class and you being mean were almost the death of me hahaha 
USERNAME where were you today ? you missed the assembly u were supposed to sing in :( 
the weather outside is going to make my ears fall off :( 
it kinda sucks half of my friends are all in relationships & getting ready for dates & i'm going to be sitting at home on a friday night ! 😒 😔 
you know what ? fuck you for fucking with my fuckin feelings . :( 
mom just called me a slave and told me to clean my cage(room) -__________- #fml #smh 
i miss my dad soo much .. it's been 5 years :( 
USERNAME but you're just beautiful and perfect how you are 😔 😔 
in a great mood , & then this god damn song comes on & gets me thinking about you . 😒 😔 😭 
spending my weekend alone once again , :( #awesome ! 
USERNAME is there a 90210 fan mail address ? i've wanted to send all of you something for awhile & can never find an address :( #90210 
i feel completely helpless without my nails :( #girlyprobz #lordhelpme 
USERNAME she hasnt :( well ill find more people . ill txt you about it 
this is such a waste of a friday night 😔 
USERNAME i always wished i'd find a chili pepper next to my female teacher names to keep interest . didn't happen :( 
USERNAME i know dude ! i miss you too ! ! 😞 
USERNAME that's gonna be fun ! i plan on passing through there on the way to sacramento but i don't get to stop 😔 
but i have no friends or a boyfriend so i'm by my lonesome . 😔 
well it was fun while it lasted guess . u found wat u wanted :( 
it's gonna suck not seeing my boy this weekend 😔 
rather be at the loft than at work . 😣 🔫 
remembrance day :( lest we forget #remembrance #november #11 @ monsignor percy johnson chs URL 
common bdubs , ya killin me . 😔 🔫 #callmeplease 
USERNAME miss you too ! wish you didn't go home this weekend 😔 😢 👎 💔 
my little brother is at the hospital getting testing ! oh no ): 
USERNAME is there a 90210 fan mail address ? i've wanted to send all of you something for awhile & can never find an address :( #90210 
ben plan yaptim ya , kimse bozmasin dedim ya , butun adanin elektrikleri kesilme karari aldi . #fml 
i want to go black friday shopping but no one will take me 😢 😡 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME im workin and i work tonight :-( but we can continue where we left off last saturday 
i remember when i was 9, my brother killed my fish :c 
uhm where tf is she ? lol im impatient lonely bored and hungry :( 
USERNAME it's definitely testament to their quality . ;-) and yes , i think i am . they're starting to hurt . :-( 
USERNAME aww . i miss you even more . 😥 😖 💦💦💦💦 
USERNAME i wont be seeing you tonight :( but have funn and rage ! 
i just wanna cuddle up in bed , and go to sleep .. without all this pain .. :( 
i wish i could just bump into my ex one day </3 ... with a car ! ! ! at 60mph ! ! ! #swerve 
USERNAME is there a 90210 fan mail address ? i've wanted to send all of you something for awhile & can never find an address :( #90210 
USERNAME i haven't had any caffeine yet ... but i guess i can try it . i just feel all crossed eyed and goofy . :( 
on my way to drop my sister off at a birthday party my mom went into labor and my dad said i have to stay home because i've done enough 😔 
USERNAME yea and i don't know ! i wish i did though . :( 
USERNAME pinche lesión ! ! ! :( pero se recupera pronto ! ! 
makes me sad when i go to USERNAME house and she's out of pringles ..... 😔 
1113 ( USERNAME ) - esse icon , ehauidfnhaskjlenaio bg seduzente , tua capa n ta com qualidade :( adorei demais tua bio ! hahahahaa 
USERNAME hahaa nobody says that word to me anymore :( (( 
me :c hange to 92.3 please mom:yes -changes and hears cult of personality- no ! -changes back- me:fuck ... 
y tontaa yoo kqq te entreguee mii corazonn a manoss llenass ! </3 URL 
last night i was so tired that when i left an asian pal's place (w/ bunch of shoes by the door ): i left with someone else's shoe 
going to cleveland games makes me want to go back to cleveland ): 
USERNAME you aren't ? ! ? :( omg please be kidding i really wanted to meet you d': 
USERNAME yea this is the only weekend i have fridag and saturday off :( so you cant come then ? 
seeing my moms step mom in so much pain makes me wanna cry :( 
USERNAME is there a 90210 fan mail address ? i've wanted to send all of you something for awhile & can never find an address :( #90210 
bye wife beaters and shorts 😢 hello sweats & hoodies ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME dilly what did i say about being mean to me in front of my friends :( 
r . i . p blitzz even though you weren't my dog i felt so close to you . you will always be remembered . sleep well in puppy heaven . 😔 
throwing up all this medicine is making my throat hurt worse :'( i just want this pain to go away . 
USERNAME i know but i won't be at the show because i have a college audition in la 😭 
these is why i'm the relationship type . i hate not having anyone to go out to eat with :( 
i can't en believe u r gone . my favorite for sure . i must have missed the show :( 
USERNAME nah sadly there must be tori look alike in town now :( lol 
anybody wanna go out to eat with me ? no ? okay 😔 
:( not only was i mean to jaden , one of my favorite fanfiction authors is almost done with her stories . 
not getting a text back from USERNAME hurtful ! ! :( 
one of my managers here is just a str8 up bitch fa no reason 😔 😒 
this doesnt even seem real , just earlier today we was jokin and actin crazy & now your gone … smh :( r . i . p dylan <3 
these hates can't hold me back ! ! ! ! ... my shit USERNAME got me wanting to go out but i'm working ! ! ! ! :-( 
USERNAME yeah it does :( and noe does since he's came to every practice ever since the was over 
ang sablay ng araw na 'to . gusto ko umiyaakk . bat ganunn ? kain na lang ako . tapos gym . tapos kain . kain . kain . wala din :( 
that michigan state uconn game was honestly kinda boring 😭 
i can't sing any more 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME you and cute boy weren't there to help me :[ lawl URL 
it's gunna be another one of those nights . 💔 😔 👎 
i'm going to be lonely without nick this weekend #sadtweet 😔 😭 
USERNAME brewing beer is a lonely life 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 🍺🍻🍺🍻🍺🍻 
actually wasn't right at that old man in pink tights & pink poofy jacket cause that'll be me in the future 😢 
USERNAME yeah i've definitely been sleeping a lot . :( 
USERNAME i know it wouldn't fit your name when i quoted it > :( but it's so true so i was like oh well ! haha 
going to chickfila for a milkshake since that's all i can eat 😔 👍 
i burnt my toast andd the water came out before the ketchup 😣 #amateur 
i feel like it's already dark out 😔 i really don't like this 
USERNAME i heard you're going to be in pitt this weekend ! ! i went back to shawnee :( damnit ! ! 
"USERNAME #lom ásvistohoy iberia anuncia un recorte de 4.500 trabajadores URL :( 
ok i guess i miss USERNAME , i went to her room and ahe wasn't there :-( 
where is USERNAME and USERNAME at ? i wanna see them this weekend 😔 
why do i have to live so far from everyone 😭 
i like didn't see the sun all day . maybe for 5 minutes #depressing 
was so busy and disorganized this morning i forgot to go to the dentist :( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 drive to cstat ill wait ! 
USERNAME haha at first i looked at that like wtf does she mean but i get it now lol i'm in columbus :( 
irrational macarthur traffic wtf ! and all i want is a $18 vodka tonic :( . #sobeproblems 
taking my baby to work :( . ugh hate wen he works nights :/ 
right now i'm stuck between arts university & full sail :'( 
USERNAME i had all i can eat till tomorrow ! :( 
USERNAME hi ann , pete my best friend is still pist off about losing , i tell him suckup and move on we got more battels to figh t.t anks .. ben 
. i think i ain't going to town , my heart bout to brake 💔 
i'm halfway through taylor swift's new album , and it's okay , nothing special . i was expecting more . :( 
republicans are willing to believe their own lies on how they los t.t hey are comfortable with living within their sordid fantasies , shameful ! 
i have not had a good hair day all week :( i think i need more USERNAME in my life ! #myhairisinafunk #itspissingmeoff 
i bet i can't go to the fish-fry tomorrow . . 😔 
i pick the coldest day yet to forget my keys . 😭 😒 someone come cuddle lol 
i hate how i work in the morning on saturdays 😢 😪😤😩 i wanna go out tonight ! ! ! ! oh well there's always tomorrow night 
i hope i get the new ipad for christmas 😞 
USERNAME i decided to stay in san antonio . you said you couldn't hang out ): 
to think that there's a generation of boys who haven't been grinded on while is playing . :( #pray4thefuture 
last glass from the growler while filing reports :( (scratch 79 - pumpkin ale) URL 
i’d go to the game buut my bro USERNAME faked on me last time . solo dolo tonight . 😔 
USERNAME nvm its too late i just ate and now i dont feel good :( 
USERNAME i don't know hopefully i can see her :( 
who the fuck kills off mr feeny :( damn you #greysanatomy always ruining my life 😭 😪👼 
: #oomf gone and i had somethingg to ask him :( 
december 22nd makes 7 years that my brother has been gone . lord knows i miss him 😔 😢 🙏 
USERNAME USERNAME none of you guys are there for me and i'm sick af . 😔 i have no best friend . 
do i even wanna know how old these kids are ? ! ? ? ? :-( 
USERNAME i havent been getting notifications that you wrote me :( 
USERNAME i'm so sorry to hear that ! 😢 i'm so glad he's able to get home ! 
USERNAME were we ever ? you got too cool for me :( 
i had a pair of socks that had bulldogs wearing striped sweaters on them , but i lost one of the socks :( 
USERNAME i thought about moving too . but im kinda scared to leave lls this is where all my family is :( but yeah im thinking hard about it 
versace men's sale and new bcbg women's at macy's downtown ... well i have 500 dollars :( 
USERNAME USERNAME sorry i'm not part of the meet and greet today :( 
i want it now ! dang it ! where are you ? come to me you precious car . :( 
the dashboard melted ... but we still have the radio"-modest mouse . if only i could find a job that just paid me to listen to music 😔 . 
padmé is bigger than my whole upper body ! :( boo 
today was going great ; i seen my bestfriend USERNAME ; seen my love USERNAME but that one text just killed my mood ! 👎 😥 😖 
when i sit think about you i take a hot bath nd but on your shirt and basketball shorts 😔 😞 😔 
i'm seriously so upset . i made these bomb ass hot chocolate cupcakes . but the frosting will not set . it's terrible 😭 
i work at 9 in the morning . can't party tonight ): 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah i wanted to go with someone :( 
today's episode of transformers: prime was truly the autobots' darkest hour . megatron is conquering the earth .... and rip optimus prime :( 
USERNAME i forgot the rest ! ! 😭 i miss our teaam too ! ! 
USERNAME i have to work now :( sat sun and mon ! soon i promise . maybe you should get your ass to nona ! 
r . i . p emerie may your soul rest in eternal peace ! 😥 🙏 
when you love someone , letting go is so hard :'( 
so tired and want to sleep . but i have to work :( #imlame 
i'm that person who shows up to parties by them self 😞 🎉 
raw cookie dough is the only effective remedy for the panic attack i just experienced 😣 #comfortfood 
i really hate that im not in lufkin riqht now :( my poor mjd 
me&this girl who used to be my bestfriend last year :c today was fun with her though @ mccollum high school URL 
again ... jiggity jig ... :( (@ hilton garden inn oakdale) URL 
it sucks that my big brother called the house and couldn't even ask me how i was doing . you just wanna talk to everyone else . 💔 
who else thought the pep rally today was not peppy :( 
i've been writing my graduate essay for the last two hours & the computer just shut off #fml #pissed 
tonight is one of the nights where i wish i was at dance class #missit 💔 👯 
you can't turn the ball over every other possession and expect to win a basketball game . waahh msu :( get it together , please ! #gogreen ! 
it absolutely breaks my heart to see an animal in danger and there's not one thing i can do to help . :'( ( 
shopping for toys for xmas gifts makes me realize how old i am lol idk what's cool :( 
i don't like that my cousins relationship it's slowly going downhill , i want her to be happy , :( USERNAME 
the scarecrow across the street is creeping me out :c 
not even 7 and i'm bout to pass out . that's what i get for staying up til 6am 😔 
i'm a worried person today 😔 & i have so many things on my mind . just want things to go right when it's time to have my bby . 
but i just want to buy everything from those stores 😭 
USERNAME your tweets ! exactly how i'm feeling ! 😔 
just found out i can't watch my boys until the 15th , depressed :( 
it really sucks not being able to talk to zachary :( ahh i love him so much ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME at rafferty's without you guys .... feels strange . #athens #cchsmeatsevaluationalumni #sadtweet 
USERNAME i won't be back till the end of december . #depressing 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( in north chuck for a movie . boo ! 
i just wanna go back to the days were all i worried about was cheering 😞 
i think still talking to him is what keeps me together . 💙 💙 💔 💔 
i miss USERNAME the only time i see her is at work 😢 
i'm at 9% of battery ! ! ! ! no #fml ): 
damn im a get out when im 31 </3 , $ame cell number i was just in $mh 
USERNAME christian come back to roche ! ! miss you 💔 
USERNAME aw <3 i just wish i knew what they were right now :( 
you know what's fun ? allergic reactions . that stuff as franfreekingtastic . #fml 
USERNAME damn i don't get that channel at school 😔 
seriously i understand that i got in a lot of trouble but my dad is seriously gonna have me grounded for this long ? like oh my god fuck u 😡 😭 🔫 
mehh . i hate the air force . i barely get to talk to my bebe ): 29 days & he's all mine . #cantwait 
that sick feeling in your stomach when you go shopping without coupons 😥 <<<<<<< 
i wanna throw a party for my birthday ! buut i have nowhere to throw it 😞 
last picture i took before a massive wave drenched me ! #fml #justmyluck it was pretty though 🌊 😵 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME i saw the cutest picture of yall in the sigma chi fight night album ! wouldn't let me tag :( 
i feel like there are a lot of seniors not going to senior night ..... #wishiwasgoing 🏈 😔 
i just wanna party . and not high school party . not anymore #toobasic :( 
just ate a wendy's spicy chicken sandwich combo & half a subway sandwich . i haven't ate all day just been on my feet smh 😔 
USERNAME lol really ? what how come you didn't say hi ? :c 
just realized how far booboo is right now ! ! 😢 🏀 😽 #outsidelubbock 
USERNAME but i won't be there :( can you wait a tince ? 
“USERNAME and here's the two most mature people in the world in action URL sad thing is that was all me 😢 
head please stop hurting . this is getting really old 😞 
is everyone at bdubs ? lmao i feel unloved :( 
im really against rape and stuff thats why im afraid to have kids ill kill over mines 😔 
i always listen to the edge right when the edge artist of the day comes on but i'm always too late or early to call in </3 
waiting for the bus by myself and its dark out here :( 
USERNAME no i'm not :( i was going to but i would have no time to ride at all ! i miss volleyball so much ! i didn't play this year ! 
USERNAME did poor esmeralda really get zero votes for vp ! ? bet she feels even worse than 5th place roseanne barr in the us election . :( 
i was doing good all day on my goal and then right now ; blaah 😔 
dropped my phone and it has two scratches right across the screen . 😔 
couldn't even go to driving school ): so i gotta make up today on november 30th ugh 
almost got abandoned by twitterlesspat and twitterlessdavid and USERNAME no wait , still got abandoned :( 
your a retard ! i hate you now .... ): 
i dunno yet i kinda wanna chill cuz it's on a rain ): 
i'm so damn jealous of my cousin right now like omg :( (( 
why the fuck am i not there to try and meet her 😭 😭 😭 😭 "USERNAME time to get off my butt and get ready for #edcorlando ! !” 
USERNAME still have extreme summer tires on and i lost traction at 2 mph in the blizzard and hit another car :( URL 
my night just went way downhill . 👎 #wahh :( 
USERNAME dang i thought you were gonna be at the game ! 😢 
USERNAME :( you should come to raleigh . and you should bought a macklemore ticket . 
i only left because you never told me to stay . . . </3 
kinda sad its time to buy hats and gloves 😞 ❄⛄ 
wish i was goin up to menominee tonight ! :( 
i need my legs massaged omg they are so soree ): 
why do i never feel good the nights i have cheer ? 😞 
when am i ever gonna see USERNAME again ? ? ? she doesn't love me at all 😢 
honestly this whole semester has sucked . wish i was down in gr :( 
i miss my dad , so much ... :'( #rip i love you daddy ;* 
very happy to have a working bicycle again . there was a thorn in the back tire . silly thorns . no good for eating , no good for riding ! :( 
USERNAME how can it be you won't be there :( see you soon miss my other half <3 3 love you love you 
i should be happy it's friday , but it's my weekend on 😢 
USERNAME no .. then i'll cry and everyone will cry .. :( 
i feel like you ripped my heart outta my chest , bounced it around a little , then completely stomped on it . </3 
USERNAME :( no no no :( :( :( :( :( upset bout it to 
n my bed layyiin dwn .. need sum company cuz im bored .. cuz disx pain got my ass n for da nite :( 
behind the wheel .... thus chick driving is going 15 in a 45 zone ... #thisisawful #itsherlastbehindthewheel #fml 
i've been doing homework all day :( getting a headache . 😩😩😩 
USERNAME i feel bad for saying this , but i'm extremely bored here .. ): 
i miss my brother anthony , i never get too see him .. :( 
kidless tonight with nothing to do . going bed soon as they leave . wish i had something right now . :-( 
USERNAME i can see why…almost 2 hours from dca to bwi :( 
i hate the fact tha my cousin pascual and my big brother catin are going to college :( 
i just keep crying . its gotten worse and worse . daren please dont leave ! :( 
aww yada yada yada .. 😞 just dont love me hmmph 
my brother promised take me to bdubs and watch the uk game . and he went out with his friends for the night instead 😔 😥 
USERNAME would be better if the show wasn't sold out . </3 looked online earlier to check door price and site said sold out ! break a leg ! 
i usually wouldn't complain but i have to open at 6 😣 😡 
USERNAME not feeling well :( come make me feel better 😊 
my favorite disney movie is playing and in gotta go ... noo ! :( 
you did nothing but lie and lead me on ! 💔 now i don't give a two fucks about you ! 👍 
USERNAME lmao :( pardon my dumbness lol sorry hun <3 
all these restrictions and stuff :( no raw food , no medicine , no this no that for the next several months til i give birth . 
organizing my binders and cleaning my room to keep myself busy . #nolife + #depression = ... me 😒 
man even tho i'm pissed ad at the end of the fay i'm still smiling #realtalk #life #fml #mo @ home by myself URL 
40% of my preset stations now play only x-mas music . the odds of having to choose between j-beibs , rihanna , or commercial have doubled #fml 
i hate missin blue & white night . #sick :( 
USERNAME so do i . it sucks not being able to move around . :-( 
i'm going to miss nathan so mmuch while he's in new york city . :( 
USERNAME we need to hang out . i miss my mattikenz :( ( 
whenever i'm upset about something i always take it out on other people 😔 #badhabit #sorrymom 
i told my mom i'm sorry & she said 😭 
i've never had such a hard time waking up from a nap ... my bed is just so comfortable ... and warm ... and it's my best friend 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME swear me and my boy went to the rillo at some club called & they had $1 wells 😔 i threw up my life dat nite lmao 
USERNAME i want to retweet this really bad but it's not giving me the option ! 😔 
i wish i was going to the game tonight . :( 
i hate eating alone at places 😔 i guess only bc i'm on break its acceptable bleh 
you ain't nothin but a hound dog , cryin all the timee 🐶🐩 😭 
USERNAME ah damn girl . i have skyrim but my xbox is at the repair shop )))) ): #sadtweet 
that moment u fart and your boxers feel a bit wet 😢 😢 😐 
USERNAME aww man ! ! ! lol that's teasing 😔 
someone come over and watch country strong with me 😔 
miss group messages with my best friends . 👎 😕 😓 😢 USERNAME USERNAME 
bye bye kristin :-( (@ percy's tavern w/ USERNAME URL 
i'm scared , USERNAME hasn't tweeted in 46 days :'( 
wow . . . did not realize how messy my room got in a matter of two days . howw did this happen ? ? uggh :[ 
doctors just found cancer in my brother-in-laws intestines ! <<< 😢 
break a leg ! shows sold out so ruined my plans to see you guys for the 1st time </3 
USERNAME USERNAME 😥 😣 😁 😐 😧 ? ? lol 
guess i'll go home after work . since you don't wanna hang out with me . :( 
hate times like this when i don't talk to USERNAME very much :( 
where you dey since ? ! rt USERNAME dms aint delivering :( 
i told my mom i'm sorry & she said 😭 
i've seen so many tweets lately about how much guys loove short girls , where's the tall girl love ! :( #amazonians 
just wanting to cry the night away .. #feelingworthless :( 
USERNAME bro who are u tellin ? ! i was all set 2 come in jan but $$$ got tight cuz i needed new equipment 4 filming :( skype soon ! 
can i just lay in my bed and cry ? is that acceptable ? no ? fine . 😣 
really not trying to be at work today , 6hrs done 6hrs to go :'( i want to go home ! ! ! #tgif #partyhardtomorrow 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( what do i do wrong ? 
USERNAME it's cold and my dad can't find me . ima be stranded forever :'( 
the one time i really want to go bowling for practice , my mom won't take me :( 
i ripped half of two of my real nails off on accident today :( 
USERNAME i noticed ._. it was boring without you bothering me :c 
oh and crusader pride was stupid i got yelled at by ms rodgers > :( and u wasnt even featured on the power point ! #term2 i can only hope 
USERNAME ): i didn't know you where in town ! 
im so nervous for my interview ... the closer it gets to being time the more i feel sick ): 
USERNAME i wish i seen you more at work :( 
i have to wait till june to get a new phone . i dont think my phone will last till then :( 
goin to rutgers in the morning but now that means icant stay at the burgg tonight cuz i gotta go home 😔 
USERNAME back injury ... i might have fractured a bone . :( 
USERNAME nope , alot of ppl think they come to ny alot but its only the big cites down in nyc ...... :( 
the 75% (voted for #potus ): forgotten asian vote was highlighted months ago: URL #vote #undertheradar #goploss 
i feel like ima just check one of these days :( 
USERNAME USERNAME aha i use to do that too ! ! but then skinny jeans size fit me from the waist but not in length :c 
waiting ever so patiently for USERNAME to get her ass here . 😇 😣 😴 
news media needs to stop pretending like they care about the middle east when they never report about the us drone war there :( 
101n @ broadway (sm ): :fwy - sf 24 min caltrain 19 min train at 4:41 
it honestly will be the end of the world for me if i don't meet USERNAME 😣 😭 
USERNAME where were you today ? ? ? ? ? i missed you :( 
i wish my hair was still like this 😔 URL 
USERNAME why :( but i'm at sonic getting something to eat 
bust ass all week to get hurt the day before the tournament #fml 
USERNAME ouch no love 💔 and i would if it wasn't so much work 
today has been just ...... 😫 😖 😠 😔 😣 😁😁😁 
you know you're in the right spot when everyone is wearing camo and on dates to taco bell ...... #fml 
USERNAME i want it to snow so badly ! ! ! ! ! it snowed in ny , but it's not snowing here . :( 
i might have to go to east naples for a while #uugh 😞 
USERNAME shane who am i suppose to snapchat ! #loner 😔 
got that bitch who broke my heart on my mind . how do i get rid of the memories ? they're killing me . #sadtweet 
words may sting , but silence is what breaks the heart . #timeslikethese #remindmeofyou 💔 
sick & i dont think im doing shit tonight 😞 👎 
USERNAME at greyhound ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( ((( 
& my mind is going half crazy because i can't leave you alone . 😔 
bills , bills and more bills 😭 why am i not a housewife yet 
going to a club without my fellow club rats tonight 😭 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME won't be the same ! ! 
USERNAME . i only have the pink ones ! ): 
USERNAME yes ! i want to watch movie ! 😔 
want to boost your immune system & fight #depression & #alzheimer 's ? try a pomegranate . URL 
- ion know why he aint ask me out yet :( ( <3 
i have shopped till i drop . not good :( 
i just turned down chicken nachos for a protein shake . #depression #sexyandiknowit USERNAME 
USERNAME i meant 😔 * hahaha but lets hangout soon ! 
we were always there for each other , now where are you when i need you the most ... #thegoodoldtimes 💔 😩👎 
oh my god . . . that jst touch my feelings . :'( 
USERNAME i have 103 fever and i finally stop shaking and a horrible headache ): what do u have 
i over cooked my macaroni , my night is ruined ! :( 
USERNAME i know :( i want you as my la 
i at a wake for my dad's friend mom because she pass away 😢 😢 😢 
i want to crash on the mic but i need a new charger for the computer . :-( 
last home game of the season 💔 c'mon boys bring it home and make last ! #dontwantittoend #footballgirlforlife 
fuck the world kinda mood right now #fml #overthinking #stess 
i wanna get there before its all packed but idk at what time to go :( 
:-( so sad the mid hudson buffet :-( (@ applebee's neighborhood bar & grill) URL 
😭 omg guys i know the feeling shut up . 
i see her in my future . unfortunately , she doesn't :( 
USERNAME i know ... i have no friends thanks for reminding me :( 
if you can go all day with out talking to me .. it lets me know you don't need me 😔 
USERNAME whatever ... they're putting me in back drive through :( 
.... and yet still no happy birthday wish from the one you love :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME thats what i said she killed our family :( #dumbdyke 
its boring though .. i have no friends lol :( 
USERNAME actually im pretty sure he hated me personally sad story :( 
USERNAME awe :( i feel so bad ... hope it's not too bad ! ! i wanted to work but they probably didnt want me getting my germs everywhere ... 
shouldn't track the alex garcia tag on tumblr , i miss him :( 
my lil sister shoes , she die in 2000 i miss ha soo fucking much all i do is cry ! r . i . p keke :( URL 
USERNAME i didn't i don't have enough money :'( sorry 
USERNAME no , i don't have facebook . 😔 will you guys ever do a twitter giveaway ? 
USERNAME i can't stand hot weather , especially when it's hot in 6th per . my teachers allergic to ac and it stinks in there ): 
im so upset . :( i didn't even get to see USERNAME today . :( 
USERNAME do you think the teacher will care if i cut mine off cause she put mine on a little to tight and it's bothering me . 😒 😒 😔 
but my back hurts from sleeping on the floor :( #massageneeded 
USERNAME i guess ... we just had 6planes arrive at once g5 g4 falcon2000 hawker pc12 citation excel not $1 .... :( 
about to miss my first highschool football game since i've been in highschool ... not liking this . #concussionstatus 😞 
USERNAME i hope so ! i have to work til 2:15 though and i have to be back here really early monday :( 
well the dorm room is spotless now study time :( 
i don't wanna work tonight 😢 😢 😢 #fridaynightclosing URL 
. USERNAME fortune less fortune cookie .... it had no fortune . :( (@ foo kin john) [pic]: URL 
big bang concert with USERNAME ❤ ❤ ❤ USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME are in another section :c URL 
USERNAME seriously though ! i think your mom is getting her hair done next door .... i see your mustang :( 
phil collins can really get to your heart :( #brotherbear 
USERNAME 😔 it was a last minute on the whim trip #spontaneous 
USERNAME scared the shit out of me multiple times today ): 
USERNAME oh my gosh i miss seeing you too ! ! ! 😭 
i gotta re-wire the speakers to my chop radio :'( damn that's a lot of work . that's gonna take me a while ... 
USERNAME :( ouch how did that happen ? i sent you a dm . 
i swear if one more man looks at me ima just start screaming rape > :( 
overheard just now ... eugene (to metro organizers re: tonight's hospitality budget ): 
i want some crown , and i can’t get none cuz i’m at work :( 
USERNAME aghh ? ! ? ! ? ? ! ? ! ! lol :( jfk trying to be funny but not really into it 
baby , your the only one for me .. to bad you dont know that we're dating ... or that you dont know me .. </3 
thank god it's the weekend . #tiredofschool . 👎 😣 
kill paris – tender love (free download ): the first time i became introduced to kill paris was when i listen to his ... URL 
USERNAME i miss you :( i made a list of things we need to do together . 
at kohls and had two different parking spots stolen ! let the christmas season begin :( 
i love driving home at 3 mph . on a friday . with a throbbing headache . when i'm hungry . and tired . 😩 😭 
USERNAME man ight ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
i'm back in town & USERNAME won't even text me ! 😢 
need soup and cuddle time really badly right meow ... USERNAME husband where you att ? </3 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm reading everyone's tweets like this now 🇬🇧 😞 
USERNAME i don't think i'll be able to ... :( 
USERNAME who you w/ ? & home , relaxing my day was a epic fail ): 
missing out on my little brothers life is definitely taking a toll on me . god damn , where did the time go ? he's so tall now . 😖 😔 
don't even know what to do or think . #fml 
kinda mad my tennis got moved from this sunday to next sunday :( #iwantedtoplay 
beyond exhausted but i really wanna go out tonight :( #redbuull 
i don't even know what to do with myself :( 
i'm just prying my cousin cody can play ball :'( USERNAME 
my life was perfect all of last week and my dumbass had to fuck it all up #hatemyself #fml 
i wish USERNAME would come to school for once .. 😔 
every time i think a bout my gma .. it send . the most painful of . chills . thru my body :( ( .. #missher 
USERNAME wow lucky ! thanks for inviting me :( and it's so cold here ! andd i'm just with the scaffidi's ! 
USERNAME i love you . why am i not noticed ? 💔 💔 
they dont have a twitter cause they have a life . unlike *pointsatself* tahaha ): 
well i guess last night was my last night in my apartment and i didn't even know it .. this is sad .. 😔 
USERNAME lol me either ! i got a lil while tho . i dont even got my permit tho ! :( haha 
i love not going on dates all the time , because then when we do it makes i t.t hat much more special USERNAME 
i havent gotten to see my girlfriend much this week :( USERNAME 
i just want to go and shoot some pix ... but i have no one to go out with .... :( this is why i hate this area ... 
i can’t move my legs… or neck . #supersore 😣 
i know every rhcp song including shi t.t hat wasn't released . 
USERNAME does that mean you does this ? i'm ashamed 😣 
home sick has some advantages back to work tomorrow 💔 😩 
will i ever find love again ? better yet will i ever be loved by someone again .. 😒 #sadtweet 
feel like going to the e . r :( #headache ! ! 
im bored :( i did everything i had to do so now im bored doing nothing ! 
USERNAME wahh i wish you could come to power plant with us :( 
USERNAME cool wanted to see you today cuzz tomorrow i have to work :( 
my last few pictures w / my star . before she was put to rest :'( URL 
USERNAME omg i'm sorry i forgot to text you 😭 i'm such a bad friend 😔 
last one : never let em see you cry 😢 😥 even if it hurts , hold it down 👇 & keep it pushing 💪👏✌ ! 
USERNAME dude ! congrats ! te mande un mensaje anoche pero ya era muy tarde :( 
USERNAME yes you should've ! i saw ashlei ray ... but no you :( do you guy hangout on the stage after school ? 
101s @ millbrae (sm ): :fwy - sj 54 min caltrain 43 min train at 4:49 
101n @ woodside rd (sm ): :fwy - sf 40 min caltrain 31 min train at 4:52 
snap chat is ruined for me . troy took a screen shot :( #thatlittleshit 
USERNAME i wrote a drabble and i killed jaden . :( im horrible 
tummy hurts ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME some weird herb sauce . ravioli was dry :-( sad , love pumpkin ravioli . and it's friday , no meat . 
USERNAME we can always hope ... i am finding this nfl season so boring without #tebowtime :( 
USERNAME it usually is i love you come eat with me 😥 
my chest still hurts from basketball and zoeys tweet made me laugh so hard i started coughing and choking 😕 😔 #inpain 
USERNAME i wish you were with me sissy ! 😢 or i was home with you would be even better ! ! ! i love you 
i can see your sad even when you smile even when you laugh . </3 
when i singin the car my mother turns up the radio louder to not hear me 😔 😒 
USERNAME r u and jb </3 ? ? ? ? ? 
my momma wouldve killed me if iwent up to an inch 😧 ha 
picking my madre up from the airport in a lil . i missed herr :( 
guess i'm wearing a turtle neck , long sleeves , and pants tonight . #fml #thismustbeajoke 
all i want in life is to feel pretty :'( 
USERNAME noo svitslana i will never let u leave me 😭 💔 who else will shave ze sheeps ? ! 
annoyed at the fact that i keep going back to you because i think it will be different but in reality i just keep getting hurt . 💔 😞 
i guess i should get ready if i intend on being seen in public tonight 😔 😒 
USERNAME wahh i wanna do something fun . why am i not at purdue or bsu ? #wahh #fml #whyamiboring 
USERNAME r u and jb </3 ? ? ? ? 
seeing puppies at the pet store and having to leave without one </3 <<<<<<< 
USERNAME ah :( when are you getting locked up ? :0 
so ashley and bradley aren't going to the game so i now have no reason to live at all 😭 😭 😭 #nofriends #lonerlife 
USERNAME broadway nights wont be the same without you </3 #comeback heatwavee 
the two hot boys who would have protected me if someone did anything just left :( 
i just broke a fuckin nail i hate this :( 
why is everyone coming out with thyroid cancer when it's time to have a biopsy on mine ? :( 
USERNAME send me i dm need to talk with you :( 
trying to ge t.t o my . boo ........ ugh .... 
fuck ! i just broke an entire new bottle of pinot grigio all over me at work , i now smell like a drunk while being completely soaked :( mehh 
USERNAME aaww 😢 😢 you're growing up lol .. ! 
my grandma is really bad again . the cardiologist doesn't think there is anything more he can do :'( 
best friend in relationship = buh bye bestfriend .... i hate it 😔 
USERNAME aw boo . why not ? text me :( 
dang , really wish i went to the volleyball game tonight #depressed 
getting sick on the wknd i've been looking forward to all month ! ! :( #sorethroat #coughing 😷😩👎 
rolled my ankle pretty bad during ball session . wtf . 😣 😫😩 
USERNAME you guys got your tickets ? ididnt get mine yet ! :( im scaredd 
USERNAME :( but you'd be i carrboro and that would be niftayy 
USERNAME lol i'm sorry :( i'm just sorta across the country and can't afford a flight bc i'm going to all the east coast shows lol 
i swear i just seen the jeepers creepers truck on my dirt road 😮 😦 
darrel (brandons dad ): i know ! i think it's a combine in the field .... or an alien .. 
i want it to be sunday/monday already , i miss my boyfriend 😔 
when none of your friends want to hang out . :/ #depressed 
my shopping addiction is something serious . now i'm broke 😔 
USERNAME i have gameinformer hardcopy subscription but they take 2 months to address change :( luckily have digital copy till then 😁 
USERNAME we can stream watch together lol not there :( 
my mind says turn around and my hear says keep going 💔 
to the girls whonsee their boyfriend everyday ... be thankful . i only get to see mine 2days outta the week :( 
just us 3, me sis & baashii mobbin' around billings . bored without our babies ! :( gonna enjoy our free time thou 
there had to be a candy battle before i'm supposed to leave :( 
what happened with me and jasmin will probably never be fixed and will never have the relationship we used to have 💔 👎 
USERNAME we need to have a group oovoo chat like we used to 😥 
this substate game is gonna be off the charts .. not only on the field but in stands and i dont even get to be there to watch ): #workbitch 
but like im really not trying to wait another hour for this food .. #starving 😭 🍴 
rip rosie the kitten 😥 the good die young . 
:( rt USERNAME news . 112-year-old pennsylvania apparel maker to close: URL 
well that could have not gone more awful . sucks when your doctor even tells you that there is not much left they can do . #depressed 
USERNAME ni en las mensiones especiales . kdde jaja :( 
she gone be just like her momma .. #smfh 😔 😔 
USERNAME me too ! ! it's soo good .. and soo sad ! ! :( 
awe the little high schoolers are out roaming in new ro how cute 😭 😭 
dear god i need to not live with my parents . got a date with a smokin hot blonde and where the fuck am i suppose to bring her ? ? ? #fml #himom 
wtf , this shit says on the box but i can't figure out how df to open it ! ! 😔 😒 😒 😡 
.. i just want to be happy with the way my life is going and not have to worry ! #depressed #stressedout 
#iwillneverunderstand what did i do for him to hurt me so much ! </3 
why can't you just reply to my messages ? 😔 💔 
USERNAME i was the 👶 until i turned 21 😢 hehe 
the wedding hasn't even started and in tearing up 😊 😢 
my oven doesn't work and i really want to bake a cake 😭 😢 😔 
learned how to play a thousand miles . i just can't put it all together by myself . 😔 
well , i made the plan to go to the movie , but now looks like i'm going alone .. 😔 😞 
USERNAME sorry :( it's because house 5 ! hahah . 
by far the sexiest mom to ever walk into this subway but she has a bad attitude :( 
USERNAME we could of came together ! lol it wasn't a jims day today :( 
i wish my sister was here to curl these locks for me 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME lol ... have fun at the game with out me 😔 
USERNAME yea iknow but still its my fault cause i shouldnt never retslited :( all i can do is pray ........ and im nt sure if im going back 
almost lost my grandma last night :( she's doin a lil better today 
watching this adventure time episode of fiona and cake reminds me of lana and me ... 😢 
i need to work more my check was shitty :( 
USERNAME my daughters amazing and i know something from you'd be extremely special for her , as i can't get her to your restaurant :( 
dylans last high school football game ! :( #seniornight (@ turner stadium) URL 
on my way to inglewood courthouse . i'm scared y'all :( . 
USERNAME its channel 11 but cablevision doesnt have it anymore :( 
why can't you see that im still here and don't want you to go anywhere :( 
USERNAME no :( my mom didnt buy me a ticket . lol but she bought one way so ima go pick her up next week 
if you gone rt my shit , got me all happy .. can you at least give me a follow ? ! #sadtweet 
USERNAME lol i will cherita & me are the best of friend now since u left :( 
another weekend with no things :( (@ greyhound lines inc . w/ 2 others) URL 
where can i wear my leather jacket gray skinnies & pretty heels 😔 
USERNAME i know :( i just like dance better lol 
guys . this is best sweet tea . ever . and i'm out . #sadtweet 
these couples on the metro r making me sick yo ! 😾 
i really honestly hate winter . :( my throat hurts so much ! USERNAME rescue me ! :( 
USERNAME unfortunately nay 😪 😔 mines in zee shop for new engine and whatnot 😕 but ii treat/drive it like its mine 😅 
i wish i could jus lie and say idc 😏 😦 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME </3 well then .... i was expressing my feelings 
lmfao alcoholic problems "USERNAME my taiwa is in the hospital :( #illdrinkforyou USERNAME 
USERNAME same exact thing here unfortunately 😔 everything's all clumped together now and i'm just tryna stay on top of things . 
seriously i can't even open my mouth more than 2inches :( (( 
USERNAME if you can ingest the 3d content plzz . i changed all further houses to 2d on radiant because i didn't have time :( . 
evyn's trying to re-pierce her belly button ... 😣 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ahh kelli so you were just sitting there laughing at me :( haha 
ahh , someone comeover and do something with me 😔 ..... please 
USERNAME yes he is ): for a year , to be with his family . i'm gonna go crazy without him ! 
awwhh ... that man just shot a baby monkey . #sadtweet 
got some pretty bad news today ... if you would keep pennyearned in your prayers 😔 
i love watching law and order svu i just hate the ones that involve children . 😔 
stomach , why do you hate me ? 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
never been so bored ... i hate when im home alone :( 
he was about to beat that niggas ass for me :'( 
seeing my bestfriend cry seriously breaks my heart :( ((( #guysarefuckingidiotsiswear 
wish i could have a sleepover with USERNAME but #no #thanksmom :-( 
USERNAME :( i want too but my dad he is scaref imma get jumped ....... he thinks dat cus wen my bros went der they gt jumped after they fight 
i hope i don't have to pay like a million dollars :( . 
this is what i get for working hard -.- :( 
wishing i was at state - i'm missing USERNAME and USERNAME jazz in landon , msu/um hockey , and sunday brunch this weekend :( #msuweekends 
no one will ever love you the way i did . 💔 
USERNAME eeww no she shakes her arms and they jiggle for like another 12 seconds ): 
USERNAME you are so lucky ! ! ! i would do anything to see them that close :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry 😔 did y'all do presentations ! ? 
fuk i have to take care of a baby all weekend but fuk it its money :( 
charge me ..... says my poor phone .... eff you phone . :( 
all i truly want in life is a girl who will love me and won't abuse me . thanks a lot USERNAME :( 
ugh , almost done ! save us ! :( URL 
this video is unsettling . poor lisa turtle . :( URL 
this tweet makes me worry about my friend . rt USERNAME i'm open to compromise as long as i get everything i want ! here we go again :( 
first weekend in lawrenceville ! what to do .. 😧 
21 jump st has got some emotional parts in it 😢 #imgayino 
y you left me behind to suffer scoob #rip :-( 
USERNAME youre going to regret this when im famous :( 
i have been in my bed since i got home 😔 
just ran over a big ass possum by mistake smh 😞 
USERNAME you know if i was driving i would 😔 
would be going to the game tonight .... but ... the cold makes my knees & toes & fingers hurt :( 
i can't believe ohio state is playing less than 2 hours from me and i'm not there ! then again i don't have $500 for tickets . :( 
whaa , i can hear the band from my house . ): 
USERNAME haha yeahh like im soo close to you ! ! ! ... and i dont talk to any of our other cousins :( 
USERNAME mhm ! ill leave you to your waitress 😒 😔 
laying in bed watching the duck dynasty marathon all alone 😔 
damn my boy in the hospital :( & he locked up at the same damn time 
forever wishing i had a ride to my boothang's house :'( 
USERNAME idk :( i just have nothing to get me out of the house i guess 
i changed my password today and forget it everytime and my phone been disabled for 80 mins 😔 
i wish i could go back in time . there's so many things i wanna do that i never go to ... so many things i wanna do over 😔 
just passed oglebay lights ! i want someone to be cute with and go see them 😔 
trying to text USERNAME but i don't have his number anymore ... 😭 😭 😭 
any who i need to go getta sprite #ugh 😷 😔 😞 
USERNAME aw ! :( lol . its boring as fuck here . -.- 
USERNAME i don't like ✈ i get panic attacks lol 😔 but if u drug me in down lol 
USERNAME aw :( just text me when you're here and we'll hang out ! 
USERNAME awwhh i know right i hate this feeling :( <3 
unc basketball isn't the same without henson , marshall , barnes , #shouldnthaveleft 💔 
USERNAME i was like freakish out we were having two different convos on here and one on facebook i'm so confused 😣 
guess it wasn't meant to be ... off to eat my feelings at diddy reise with USERNAME #sadtweet 
making my mom cry and letting my dad down was the last thing i ever wanted to do . shittiest daughter award goes to me . 😔 
heading to the hoteell USERNAME i have to drive , cause you know who can't . :( #boo 
can this month be over now i miss my friends 😭 
i'm so scared to like him 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 😡 
USERNAME i've cut back on my retweets significantly . it kills me to think i've been muted . :-( 
i had a dream within a dream ! wtf weird nap ! #fml 
USERNAME :( will a i'm sorry and i'll do better do the trick ? 
my throat hurts so bad . :( when the hell will i get these tonsils out ? 
i tried to do that thing USERNAME does with the glasses & busted my lip a little 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME i guess ill be staying at home ? ! ): 
USERNAME intexted you seeing if you wanted to go tothe movies :( 
USERNAME cheer up boo , you're too beautiful to be sad :( 
don't feel like going out 😔 i rather stay &&' sleep😴 
there is no way i'm wearing heels to work tonight and if my manager says something and makes me put them on i'll just cry then die .👠= 👣 😭 
depression mode at its best . 😔 😞 😣 😐 😶 
my top left wisdom tooth is growing in :'( please let there be fucking room god . 
iam tired right now defently takeing a nap all that shoppin made me tired :( 
USERNAME oh well uhmm lol my phone getting turned off in the morning :( 
USERNAME lol . sit at home and playtime xbox like i'm lame . :( 
make sure u see the new chris collins video ! ! > URL USERNAME : ) if u don't u break my heart .. </3 :'( 
i'm dreading changing the oil in my truck tomorrow #fml 
USERNAME aww :( im so sorry ! :( i really wish you were coming :'( omg 
then jason frank nd lady .. put me kinda back depress .. :( 
USERNAME :( .... you do bake some good pizza rolls ... :'( 
ohh fuck courthouse closes in 15 min . hope i make it ! :( 
when madison locks us out of the dorm and we're stranded < #fml 
and my own shadow just fucked me up though . sometimes i listen to my music so loud anything can startle me .. 😞 
USERNAME lmao yall stupid & lame af . lmao & my mama told me i cant turn bc she was watching it first & i don't wanna go to my room . :( ( 
USERNAME like i miss you so much and i hate that you moved to cola ! ! ! #comeback 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME twitter won't let me dm you about the unhealthy hair challenge :( 
sorry about that #tarheelsister "USERNAME USERNAME blacked out in my area :( ((listening to audio link though on URL 
i hate fighting , it sucks , it ruins everything :( i love you stop being mad at me ... you dick i was trying to be silly ... you fag USERNAME 
USERNAME no babygirl i gotta drive an hour away to get this shit 😞 
USERNAME don't be ! i didn't plan to miss your bday ! :( 
i'll get up now .. 😔 been setting on my ass since i got to wrk lol 15mins to go 
USERNAME thinks i'm a freak cuz i luvv princess diaries .. i just love princesses . 😔 👑 
USERNAME i have work till 1130 or else i would :( 
USERNAME i texted you && you never text me back . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss our birthday outings :( sha ! 
when one of your best friends is sad and you can't do anything to help ... 😔 
USERNAME didn't invite me to battle of the bands hmph 😱 😿 
USERNAME backyard would be perfect right now .... i miss the old days 😔 
almost in richmond ... wishing i was at the game thoo 😔 
was late to watch msu :'( (( oh well i'll watch what's left . 
USERNAME lol i'm only reading them to get me through these next two months 😭 
"USERNAME right in front of the stage ! ! #happygirl URL i hate you :( 
why am i acting like we never been through this ? ? ? ? ? ? it just feels so foreal this time 😖 💔 
USERNAME i would but i'm busy to i'm not even at home sorry :( 
i just wanna see your name across my phone .. like old times .. 💔 
these night shifts are starting to fuck me up , i was waking up at 1or 2 when i first got here , yesterday at5:45, and today 6pm 😞 
USERNAME damn shorty , i was gonna come get you to tu with me . :( hit me when you get home ... oh yeah , how your mom doing ? 
. i hate seeing my luh sister cry 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
crying later cause my favorite chef at work got laid off 😢 😢 
you were always hard to hol d; so letting go ain't easy </3 
i cant take this shit .... fuck ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
my feet and my nose are freezing ! 😁😁 😔 ❄❄❄ 
when you finally get in you own comfy bed and your boyfriend isn't there . >>>>> #sadtweet 
ima be shy to talk to her 😁 😔 💖 
my butt muscles hurt and i cheat all the time just to avoid this and it happens anyway :( 
USERNAME i miss you too 😞 but not much longer and i'll be able to do stuff again ! ! 
USERNAME why don't you deliver in the pearl in portland . :( 
so all of my friends are ditching me ! :( i don't even wanna go to the game anymore ! lol 
USERNAME awh , i just saw this :( i miss you babay </3 
fuck .... i could've gotten the damn 105 from the 110. now i have to get it from the 405 :( . traffic fer dayss ! 
slept the day away 😔 i'm way too lazy for my own good today 
whats wrong with me ... whats wrong with me ? > :[ idk you fucking tell me . seriously right now . 
one of the cases i'm working on ... the client's last name is luongo . i miss hockey . 😭 😭 😭 
i ordered a cheeseburger & a small fry from mcdonald's but i couldn't even finish half of it all bc i haven't had a full meal in 4 days :( 
i really wanted to go to the game tonight with chris and celeste :( 
my hair dryer almost blew up in my hand 😧 
USERNAME eww omfg i feel disgusting look at this :( 
USERNAME what is this u don't answer back anymore > :( 
USERNAME i miss you more :( hopefully in 2 weeks i get my shit together and i can see you <3 33 
USERNAME it's bad ass during the christmas season , frfr . i went 2years ago for christmas . it was awesome . but i can't go this year :( 
just want this day to end 😞 ! 1. not getting along with the 💕 2. some kid called me a b**** cuz i took her iphone away 3. just tired out 😣 ! ! ! 
i miss all my friends that went away for college :( #comeback but mostly USERNAME 
everybody going to the game , while i'm stuck at home ): 
it's astounding the effect one person can have on your day 😔 #ruined 
the college life is going to be so difficult for me , i like my sleep . college students don't sleep . 😭 😴 USERNAME 
when USERNAME follows you and you realize you haven't talked to her in like 2 years . :( #sadness 
i was mean at nics house and now i have to hold the dick pen :( 
christmas already ? ! ? :( it's not even thanksgiving ... @ super stop & shop URL 
aw , this little boy at a table i'm bussing for looks just like my brother . it hurts my heart . #gettingold 💔 😢 
i wish jason lady nd frank would come back :( 
i wanna watch all my disney movies , but they're all vhs :( 
studying for this mf senior comp got a nigga stressed ! fuxk this shit man ! i'm turnin up tonite and tomorrow ! 😭 😩 😖 😡 😤🍸🍹🍷🍺 
i can't believe i'm arguing at a time like this 😔 
why am i boo whooing on pocahontas ? lol 😥 😭 
wish i can just call him whenever . but , i cant :-( (((  
USERNAME not much . #greed is still in charge . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i can hear that voice now . #fml 
i wish my mom would bring me soome food :( . 
when a shot glass turns to a cough medicine glass , we have a problem :( 
had to send my laptop in for service . :( 
USERNAME i have 2tickets to tonight's show but i can't go :( i'm giving them away , can i get a rt so i can find someone to give them to ? 
i think i rt USERNAME to much that it won't let me rt him :( ( 
friday is when the kids are all out ... stfu kids only old people can go out and have fun :[ go study lil fuckers 
USERNAME putas camionetas . me siento mal por haberte dejado ir sola solo por comer pizza :( . 
ugh when that mascara covered lash finds its way behind your eyeball 😡 😭 <<<<<<<< 
terrible ending at work tonight ! ! and now there is nothing to do .. :( 
literally im going to throw up , i smell terrible ... i really smell like an alcoholic , why did i have to break a bottle of wine on myself :( 
not cool , i usually love to eat this whole thing :( URL 
well thank you ... :( forget me texting you back 
USERNAME 🚫wanna break 👆 ❤ wanna give 👆 ❤ a break 👇 know 👆 😦 it's wrong like 👆 might make a mistake ! 
now i remember why i only eat turkey burgers ... #stomachache 😞 
i wish i was at edc right now . 😞 
USERNAME i'm | | this close to slapping the basicness out of you .. stop being basic and follow me i got all of your bracelets .. 😞 😤👎 💔 
watching basketball > working night shifts 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 🏀 💔 
i miss having convos with my best friend . #triangle #sadtweet 
r . i . p . my sweet angel baby you are missed and loved soo much :'( URL 
i just love USERNAME with all my heart and miss him so much when he's not here :( 
USERNAME yeah i did . thanks for reminding me :( 
USERNAME me too my night is sucking :( and ty's dog just bit me soo bad :( 
this is so messed up . ! why is this happening and we are so far away :( 
vanessa , needs to text me ! i gotta tell her something :c 
USERNAME i wish they would bring some european hot hatches over here . would be so much fun . ): 
USERNAME mine died not too long ago , lost 5+ years of game saves . :'( 
USERNAME 2198 from pty to mia :( they installes a second security point at the gate also there were only chek in counters for premier 
listening to payphone and thinking of the car ride to the beach with USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME 😩😪 💔 
seeing an attractive person and realizing you will never see them again 😢 
someone please deliver me ice cream or get some with me ): 
watching project x with the rental units . i thought friday night was pizza night but i got stuck with veggies . #fml URL 
on break and i forgot my effinn money :( #superhungry 
this can never be replaced . 😢 💔 #dreamteam #best #bestfriends #work #goodbye #bff #ops #opera @ hollister co . URL 
man if they don't play this game--i will be 😥 
USERNAME dude yeah , when my friends come over we're all nude wrestling and it's so embarrassing for me :( 
USERNAME dude . ): maybe i'll see you tonight still ? i am not sure if we're stopping by tonight at the pm . 
USERNAME i haven't gotten a text or anything from u 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i didn't ask haha but i can't leave or he'll know :( 
hanging out with my puny little guy :( @ home URL 
i cant believe jahi left w/out telling me ))) ): 
USERNAME lilly :c why you so dang cute for ? adkfladfj d; 
they're out of caramel brûlée at starbucks . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME oh my god ! ! ! where ? why ? :( 
i love you but i guess it's too much to ask for from you </3 
walking the halls on lifetime is my movie , too bad it goes off in 37mins :( 
USERNAME im not an asshole ! ! ! ! :( haha 
if i'm not failing anything i can get my nosed pierced for my birthday ... looks like i won't be getting my nosed pierced :( lol 
he was crying mama the whole weekend he had his son so why lie about the shit ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
someone come over and watch netflix with me and eat with me . anyone ... i'm bored :( 
poor mali :( taking to get put down and i have to bury him :( 
miss my car 😢 #snow ❄⛄🚙 #11days @ westbury URL 
i'm only doing this bcuz i'm bored :( need sumn to do 
i used to get hess truck christmas presents . the legit hess truck . now i dont :( 
praying praying for my papaw ! he broke his hip & is having surgery tomorrow . :/ 🙏 💔 👴 
USERNAME i sent you onee :( lol i wish i woulda saw your mom ahaa 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i was drunk by 5pm thanks to my mom :( i prob will not leave my bed later hahaha 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME not gunna lie i kinda want taco bell now 😳 😔 
im soo burnt that it hurts to even sit down :( ( #oww 
when your bestfriend would rather chill with her boyfriend than you . </3 
who in the mtg/bev area wants to let me sleep over ? no one ? ok 😔 😒 #wah #nolove 
USERNAME sure is :( now waiting for next night ranger shows ! 
will you all forget me when im gone ? :'( 
USERNAME i got 7 to go before the morning :( (( i need to shed some weight i thought you could help 
USERNAME you can't leave me ! ! ! you have to stay a yankee .. i will miss you too much if you leave :( 
USERNAME was suspose to come over and get bl po wn with me . i gues ill get blown alone :( 
i wish my parents weren't divorced 😔 😢 i would do anything to have everything go back to how it was when i was little 
why can't i just enjoy my lollipop without being judged :( 🍭 
this is when i need the most because he would make me happy at a time like this <<<<>>>> :( , but he's at work 
knew this was gonna happen soon :( & this is why i should've never got a iphone . fml 
must i remind you he's only 2 and is now spending a night before he would never stay at anybody house without us he's growing up to fast :( 
mr . feeny , still giving words of wisdom as a different character on grey's ... 😢 
make a joke about being a lesbian and suddenly he's pissed . #fml #ilikeboys 
i don't wanna be that guy but pitt fans tonight (playing mount st marys ): this is our year ! then in a month you'll be crying saying you suck 
USERNAME i know aubrey ! 😞 ..... still got off at 330 
i understand i'm annoying and loud .. but you don't have to go and rub it in my face .. 😔 😢 #sadtweet 
i'm flipping cold & i can't leave a three year old unattended #fml 
wish i were at the fieldhouse right meow 😔 👎👎👎 
USERNAME ya we got shirts but only in small :( running low on sizes ! 
the worst thing about buying something online is waiting for it to come in :( 
USERNAME i miss you too ! :( i haven't seen you since communion ! 
my pops tells me he might leave for texas monday 😞 ima miss him 😢 
getting USERNAME ready to go out but not getting to go with her 😢 
sweet . i got hacked . i don't even know how . :( 
USERNAME i'm going cause i didn't get ny shirt :( 
USERNAME she's too cute ! i invited her to come out for lunch today but she said no 😢 it's ok though because sombom came ❤ 
USERNAME we heard ur performance outside warner bros and were sad we didn't see u guys :( ( we were there super early at 6am 
USERNAME wow ! ! je viens de lire ta tweet . jagger à lille , tu n’avais aucune chance ! ! :-( time to move nyc ! ! 
USERNAME yes 😔 but we're still chillin and doin exactly what we were born to do 
USERNAME i'm on my way now :( typical friday & saturday for me . but have fun tonight ! i love youu 💋 💋 
and the dude next to me totally knows i'm stoned and possibly drunk ... :( 
USERNAME i miss you too . we've been apart for a day . :( 
i wish i could be at my bestfriends with her 😥 
USERNAME so are mine . my whole body is . ): 
i’m lowkey having USERNAME & USERNAME withdrawals now . 😒 😔 
USERNAME thanks for not even knowing how old i am :'( #showshowmuchyoucare #ihatechu #wearenolongerrelated </3 
man okay so like an hour ago there was smoke steaming out of me ears , now im all like chill . oh god . i know what that means :( damn . 
why do you guys always act so hella fake ? :( 
shit don't make sense ! some people are just messed up in the head ! 😔 😤 😣 
USERNAME well first i was like hockeyy 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME tonight is noo good for me ! ! :( 
USERNAME indecisar :( estarás disponíble para asistencia vía skype ? 
USERNAME true 😔 people like that create bitches& players . i'm just too nice when it comes to guys i care about so i get taken advantage of . 
why do i feel like this is all a prank and ashton is going to pop out any second ...... i still can't processes all this :( 
i’m lowkey having USERNAME & USERNAME #withdrawals now . 😒 😔 
USERNAME way to break my heart 💔 lol just kidding 
i don't think i could be more tired . :( work= done now dance rehearsal . ! 
USERNAME mkay babe text me i want you to come earlier i cant get ready ))) ): 
i literally want to rip my mouth out of my face ): 
whenever you burn the skin off your knee #pitchingmachine #ouch 😳 😞 ⚾ 
just reminded me of the way to kalamoon :'( so similar ... 
#np antes solias .. this song >>> brings back so many memories 😘 😔 😁 ❤ 
so salty beauty and the beast is at playhouse square in cleveland , and i'm not there :( 
baltimore city : i-95 south at mp 54.8 (fort mchenry tunnel bore 2 ): disabled in roadway: i-95 south at mp 54.8 ... URL 
baltimore city : i-895 north past mp 9.4 (baltimore harbor tunnel ): disabled in roadway: i-895 north past mp 9.4 ... URL 
baltimore city : i-95 south at mp 54.8 (fort mchenry tunnel bore 2 ): disabled in roadway: i-95 south at mp 54.8 ... URL 
baltimore city : i-895 north past mp 9.4 (baltimore harbor tunnel ): disabled in roadway: i-895 north past mp 9.4 ... URL 
USERNAME awh . :( you should find someone to hand with . 
i get soo tired of being lied to 😔 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME what am i , chopped liver ? ! ? 😟 😕 😭 
USERNAME wth ? ? i filled up last night :( 
USERNAME i need you to brighten my mood ! :( 
USERNAME i know :( come tailgate with us tomorrow ! 
USERNAME i'm soo lonely :( no one to walk in on lmao jk 
that moment when you just did your nails ... & then realise you have to go pee . #fml #girlprobz 
missin the way yu made me say yo name :/ </3 . lol 
my nose just out of nowhere started leaking .. i'm scared 😔 
just get the hell out of my house ! ! ! go home ! ! ! i dont need this ! ! ! :( 
i hate being sick ! i just wanna hang out with people and work out . #sick #5dayweekend #fml 
it's official ... blue is totaled 💔 😭 my poor truck 😩 
looking around mee & all i see is cute ass couples 😔 
USERNAME mm mm me too ! omg when he told triston he loves him ? ! ? ! #crying #brotherlylove 😭 
i cant even remember how good it felt to kiss you . i can't feel it , i can't taste it anymore ... :( 
well bry aint coming over ): awh man ! aha well staying home chillin . 
USERNAME lol i could say the same for you man ! ! ! we just be too busy :( 
sick for the first time this year 😣 feel awesome✌ #not 
i don't wanna talk to you , or anyone else . just her . #sadtweet . 
USERNAME ahh come back and get me ! ! 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME 😪 😥 oh no ! ! you were supposed to pass , not me . #notcool 
just listened to safe and sound without crying for the first time ever 😭 👼 💔 
i wish my football season didn't end . cuz i love practice on friday night . :( :( 
USERNAME i have to go to a funeral tomorrow ): ill more than likely be out of town all day 
when you think you have a witty and clever tweet and no one favorites/retweets it ))) ): 
well its going to be a long weekend ........ :-( 
USERNAME you don't like me & rashard ? ? :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( wish i was there 
to bad no one can go to the movies im stuck at home :( 
after 4 years the lip ring has been removed . it's a sad sad day 😢 
USERNAME i really want to ! but i dunno if i'm going to be able to .. :( 
i am so tired ! must wake up somehow . 😁 😓 😣 
USERNAME its like nothing ive ever seen here in ny 😿 
funny how others give me attention & the one i want doesn't .... i hate when that happens whyy 😔 
my broken mac book charger . womp womp womp . :( @ apple store URL 
the struggle for honest people/friends is real 😔 #connivingliars #liars #thestruggle #canttake #nomore @ mw3 ! ! ! ! ! URL 
why am i sitting at my house every friday night with nothing to do ): #brookvillesucks 
after school just wasent the same w . out my trusted companion ... arf arf arf :'( 
i'm tired of being bullied about working out so i'm never going to the gym again #sadday 
USERNAME i have no idea what song that would be 😔 but happy friday ! 
why must my dad always make promises he doesn't keep ? :'( 
she'll cry , and get over it , she'll hate you n then love you again . but one day she'll leave n she won't come back </3 
theres a difference between playing with soreness than playing with pain . should have made a better choice 😔 #damn 
of course my bus is running 15 minutes late ! 😭 😤 
USERNAME USERNAME haha yes for like the five days that i'm there 😔 👎🍺 
sometimes i wish what it would be like if we were still together ... #sadtweet #thinking #missthepersonyouwere 
only three and a half hour left ! someone entertain me :( 
USERNAME i'll stab you with my shears . i miss james :( :( :( :( :( <-----that means i'm sad 
still a fan but tbh nicki minaj's implants bother me yuck 😣 😖 
USERNAME you were questioning it for a long time though ! :'( 
my new tattoo is on fire🔥🔥🔥🔥 😞 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME unfortunately not , i went home to work :( 
USERNAME lol for real :c we need better school -.- 
i just want to talk to you but i'm scared you'll reject me 😔 
USERNAME why do you leave me all the timee #wah #sadbff 😥 👎 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME are you guys alive ? ! #missingmybffs 😭 
loved working in a pond literally full of shit :( 
USERNAME omg ! ! ! :( (( i work for verizon , but at this point u need to call apple . i would be freaking out . 
. yeah man rt USERNAME jayda ? rt USERNAME . i hate seeing my luh sister cry 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
brad needs to get his phone back 😔 😔 😔 
#iwillneverunderstand why my parents won't let me get a cat . :c :c :c 
when i'm calling back my girl USERNAME n she don't pick up ! < 😞 😡 😕 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i am so happy you guys said all of those things . because i was starting to feel crazyy :( 
do you somthing against me you never text me anymore which makes me sad 😔 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i can't tonight . :( next time you have to let me know ! ! 
when only one of your stupid nails brakes > :( 
sick pn a friday night lord help me :( URL 
its always been you . . to bad im to afraid to even admit that to you . </3 
USERNAME so sad you never got my . snap chat reply :( somethin is wrong with mine 
USERNAME USERNAME am i the next britney spears ? :( 
my husband had to go to work after they call him off i started crying like a big baby i love him tho :( 
USERNAME USERNAME hey guys ! i have one extra ticket for tonight ! it's sold out :( who wants it ? peter is also comin 
wanna hang with my nikka USERNAME right quick . :( 
no you hit it & quit it :( but i miss you ♥ USERNAME 
we only said goodbye with words , i died a hundred times :( 
i'm sorry i can't participate in the ocean . :( but i will scream loud ! 
why does this black got me feeling elevated ? 😧 
USERNAME me too . all these people i see on xbox playing co d: black ops 2 get me mad :( 
i so wish i could go tanning . #sensitiveskinprobs 😔 
i wish i was at formal this weekend with my franss :( 
USERNAME i guess that's why i don't have any published papers :( 
i wish i had more friends that don't have boyfriends 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME hell no ! lmao ! no ! ! & melinda you far :( lol 
we bouta be freezing tomorrow at six flags 😣 😣 😣 😣 
wreck-it ralph showing i wanted to go to sold out between seeing it at the office and getting here :( URL 
when the one person you want to talk to doesn't have the same interest 😢 
dear shooting stars , wells , eyelashes , birthday candles , and 11:11 ... what happened to all my wishes ? #nomorewishes :( 
USERNAME i know ..... i guess i'm not wanted by anyone :-( #bofl 
hate being at work sick :( .. in the cold #blah 
the lord is a good lord 😭 rt USERNAME my boots came ! \ 😊 / 
being in sc means i can't watch my knicks :( 
omg , i straight forgot i was pose to come over earlier USERNAME ! forgive me , i ain't shit 😔 
USERNAME . bitch he be talkn mad shit about yu . yu a hoe 😭 there's nothing more to it . sit up hoe ass dwn nd _/ 
the corkscrew broke while in the cork :'( what do i do ? ! #firstworldproblems #fb URL 
i wish USERNAME was here at the game with me :( 
driving by car accidents make me sick to my stomach 😥 😦 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i have a different day then you guys :( 
wesley won't let me rent a mary kate and ashley movie :( 
oh , how i wish it was june and i wish in my new home in florida :( 
USERNAME i'm in sf for the weekend ! wish i could be home 😔 
USERNAME i know i know -_- lol and i guess not :( 
where the eff is USERNAME or USERNAME i want to come home trapped at my house with no car 😞 
USERNAME u at least have to get the shit back u paid for . :( i'm sorry i wish i could help . 
this is my third shitty night in a row . wtf did i do ? :( ( 
USERNAME woww i want to see that movie so bad ! ! > :( who are you seeing it with ? 
omw to the game and i get a headache :( 
i want a love like the notebook 😭 ❤ #toodamncute #justwaiting 
USERNAME waahh ! ! i was supposed to go :( 
USERNAME girl please lol i gotta be at work at 10a . m ): i need to go up there&party with your greeks since ive done it here #triptime 
USERNAME yeah i was training but i keep getting hurt so i'm stopping for a liddo while 😥 
this ohio state game is never going to happen . :( 
USERNAME i know right ? i'm soo bored :( #threemorehours 
had an older guy giggle at me browsing the condoms which made start laughing my ass off . #fml 
oh , how i wish it was june and i was in my new home in florida :( 
i wish i was in austin tonight so i could've gone to omega phi gamma's jocks and schoolgirls xi event at the omega house w/the homies .. :( 
david i thought we were hanging out tonight . :( 
still pissed on the low . its ashame my grandma cant rip without people constantly saying stuff bout her :( 
i wish i had the sra+hrd necklace with me right now :( 
i know i shouldn't care .. but i do 😣 
USERNAME u don't love me to the moon && back :( 
my throat is so raw from coughing .. :( #sick 
USERNAME :( damn shits tight . u still in dmi 
USERNAME awh , i want you back at chatham :( 
USERNAME mommy problems :( plus didn't know you were going ? ! ? ! kinda pissed now .... 
USERNAME aw so am i ! i'm at my aunts house my mom is out and isn't even answering her phone so i probably can't . 😔 
USERNAME lol he said he'll get me another pair but who knows :( 
USERNAME omg what's wrong ! ! don't leave ! ! ! 😣 😣 
most away liga goals for barcelona (current squad ): messi 82 (club record) - xavi 21 - pedro 15 - iniesta10 - villa 10 - cesc 8 
this song reminds me of prom 😊 😔 😁 >><<><><< 
i just saw the most disturbing pic on fb .. my stomach hurt :( 
every fucking test i've takin this month i've got a c on . literally . #fml #donetrying 
USERNAME where are they shipping you ? ? :( lol 
thanks for not following me harry . :( now im going to go cry . 
USERNAME none yet . :( will i see you next weekend for david nail ? 
USERNAME say what ? ? haha that's wassup ! ! & i'm sad cause it didn't rain :( 
awhh my old neighbor's son is going on his first date tonight , i still remember when he was a little kid ! :'( #feelingold 
i just want chocolate :( i feel like such a fatty #girlproblems 
USERNAME i saw this girl that looked just like sunny :( 
i need someone to hang out with . i'm quite bored . 😔 
i miss the butterflies i used to get when i would drive to your house 😔 #missyou 
ugh ugh ugh #fml harry with rosie and sophia grace URL 
USERNAME why no following me ? ? ? 😢 hurt 
akjdjksdhfkfg estoy llena , comi mucha galleta :( pero ahora el cafe de mierda <3 333333333333 
all i want to do is provide and make a better way ... 😔 😔 😔 don't want to turn back into someone i once was ... someone who keeps it all inside ... 
getting 2 entrees at noodles and company but telling them 1 is for my brother so i don't get judged 😔 
oh so you think i still want you huh ...... 😭 😭 😭 😭 bitch you funny 
when maribel told me i would never h(a)ve a chance with her -____- :'( 
USERNAME just found out you guys aren't playin tonight 😢 
💔 i'm scared that one day you'll just walk away from me and leave me ... then i'll lose you . 💔 
USERNAME :( well then . i see where im not wanted . *walks away with my head down .* 
nelly still sexy . lord have all the mercy 😭 URL 
dancing for 15 hours tomorrow and 8 hours on sunday #fuckmylife #dancerproblems 
you arent doing nothing bu t.t he opposite of what you are trying to do . 
USERNAME did you end up fun-busing ? ? the soccer game is postponed so now i could have gone ! :( next time for sure . 
USERNAME 😞 😞 😞 😞 i still love youu ! ❤ 💜 💙 💛 💚 and omg i am going to try and cheer you up ! promise ! 
aww i wish i could go to louisiana tomorrow :( 
goshh . i wish i had a pet dragon :( 
reading through my old journal and finding the entry from the day you passed away . whole night officially ruined . i miss you so much john :( 
</3 ugh i still love you but i can't i just can't 
why did i put a smiley after my last tweet ? #derservesa :( 
finally here ! ! won't be able to see drake tonight . :( but we'll pick him up first thing ! (@ best western) URL 
and cue mental breakdown #2 for the day 😥 😩 #overthissemester 
based gods… why did i have to fall asleep ? 😖 😩😫 😭 
are you fucking kidding me ? this is such bullshit , bye bye pete 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know , me too . :-( but hey USERNAME and USERNAME 
USERNAME yes they are ! and now they have a gay boy one ... umm hello ! that could've been me ! #sadday 
navy person here talking to my sis i soo sad :( 
mehmet erdem olan sevgim bir anda bitiverdi , o ne kotu ses yahu oylee otur sifirr :( (((((( 
USERNAME i try , but i'm juss so hurt ! :/ && waahh me too woman ! </3 i miss being mean to you lol 
chris won't do the call me maybe dance for me 😿 
i have four midterms and a ten page term paper over a stock analysis on a brand of my choice . #fashionstudentprobs #fitgirlprobs #fml 
😭 . rt “USERNAME that #11 is cute huh ? but last game of the season . montgomery strikers . lol . URL 
i totally slept all afternoon and forgot about the play ): 
im buying it today , there's lot of sales it might be in sale , the black rasperry vainilla scent doesnt exist anymore :( USERNAME 
why does my throat hurt so bad ? ! 😥 
i just ran over someone's cat :( i feel awful .... i didn't even have time to swerve to try to miss it :'( 
loving someone who can never love you back just the same <<<<< 💔 
i can't believe a piece broke off my engagement ring #fml .. guess i know where i'm going tomorrow morning . 
USERNAME thanks luv bug :-( my bf of 4 yrs just broke up w/ me . i feel so helpless right now . #haven needs to hurry up & come on . 
this song made us all cry rn :'( <'3 ! ! 
USERNAME i've heard that but i never have time to get breakfast outside of school :( 
:( ( idk what to do or say im lost i .. i feel like before 
laid up my tailbone was popped out :( (@ karlee and nates) URL 
i don't get why people are so judgmental . 😔 
never seeing my mom <<< 😭 😭 😭 i pray to god that when i have kids they never have to deal with this ! 
USERNAME you have no idea how all your #mahonies miss you on #ustream :c like your song sais when will you #saysomethin to us ? 
getting my first tat my whole chest 😳 😁 😥 
we miss our maddie ! ! 😔 😥 😩 we love you💕 USERNAME URL 
USERNAME i heard he isn't having one anymore ! ): but we'll find somewhere 
we only came to drop the things off an i already miss the other house . 😒 my room had gone threw all kinds of shit .... 😞 
this is going to be a long weekend without seeing USERNAME :( it is what it is .. 
guess i dont drink enough at the icebox , didnt realize they dont have mikes cranberry anymore :( 
USERNAME im so sorry i almost killed you today 😭 
seriously some of the worst news i've heard this week .. 😭 😩 
so . i hate when people tell me half of what i need to know . :( .. like . the other half was the helpful part too . darn it . 
ugh , my heart . just witnessed a mom & grndma get caught stealing w a young child who's hysterical . mom says theyre just hungry :( (( 
USERNAME haha that's great ! ! but .... i'm 671 mi away :( can you download to computer then email ? ? 
USERNAME lmaoo i know ! we are like literally like 30 min away from USERNAME <3 :'( 
the females of our generation are so lost & clueless that it makes no sense . 👎 😔 😳 
i wanna go back to the bay area 😔 👍 
thank you to maria for getting me a brownie . too bad my break isn't long enough for me to eat it 😢 
USERNAME i'm in tears . why didn't you ask me to go ? ? :( heart is officially broken . 
they did their thing ! ponytails on the floor & all 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME don't laugh if i cry doe 😭 ill drop you😤 
finally done with exams , surgery tuesday no school till december and today i gotta new chrush #fml 
#justrelized i like never do anything fun ! i'm such a bore 😞 😕 👎 it's amazing USERNAME still finds me interesting . 
USERNAME yes . i wanted to have date night today with y'all but you didn't text me back :( 
that hurtful feeling when you don't want to spend your own money lmao ! 😔 
headed into the stands for their last time as seniors :-( @ greenwood highschool URL 
USERNAME girl i know . can't go nowhere until its fixed either 😞 
this weekend is gunna suck ! ! ! going to cc possibly tm n gunna work on stupid projects all day n night til monday ! ! :( 
USERNAME :( noo , my momma sleep , she gettin it later on 
USERNAME i really hope you're getting another iphone . :( if not we can't text anymore . 
after tonight i will be traveling back to pa;((((til next time boys #bigbang , staff and the ban d; ((((i dont want to end this night 😭 
anna put her chair on my foot :( #bruise #foot #pain #toering USERNAME @ the johnson's residence URL 
sometimes moving on is better than being stuck in the past </3 
USERNAME maybe the speed bumps in his town are really high . ): 
the questions were okay , but ............. i was careless . t.t t.t 
me cuddling with my cat: i love sam , he is so nice and always remembers me . my mom: he does that to everybody . #thanksmom 😔 
iwonder whos gonna pick me up later after work ? :( 
i miss my brothers so much ! 😔 😢 USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME ahh man , i'll be in grenville working over break ! :( 
everyone is going out tonight and clint has to work the graveyard shift . :'( #tear 
i need to go shopping but i'm so fucking broke ! :( 
when she says she is suck of you and you just break down and cry because she doesn't think you care :'( this day couldn't get any worse </3 
it's shattered 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i want to dofood hopping :( my diner tonight is a left over instant noodles . dammet i need to go out . 
USERNAME leave the purple dinosaur alone ! ! ! ! :( 
me cuddling with my cat: i love sam , he is so nice and always remembers me ! my mom: he does that to everybody . #thanksmom 😔 
USERNAME i know :( they just put him down ... wahh . 
it's sad that someone can be the best thing in your life such a long time , but a falling out makes them treat you like a stranger . 😞 
well dang ! ! looks like i ain't going 😔 
at work :( just came in and i have a huge headache and im off till 11 
USERNAME two people quit so i had 2 work 25hrs in two days :( im very proud to be in ur life ! 
oh and i jammed my finger . 👆 😠 🏀 💔 🔫 URL 
when ever im sad , i just watch wipeout to make me laugh 😔 
i hope the girls in my hall know how much i like it when they blast alternative rock with their door open ... 😾 #stfu #closeyourdoor 
USERNAME hahah were you really ? ? sorry i wasn't trying to look scary ! i'm really nice :( ( 
i need plans tomorrow night ! ! :( don't wanna spend my saturday off alone ! :( 
maybe i should just not talk to you anymore ! . ): 
yarin anitkabire gidemiyorum cunku cok uzaklardayim :( ama kalbim ataturkum ve onunla olanlarla birlikte . 
the fact that i come back home to visit fam and end up working all weekend :( #brokecollegestudentprobs 
i don't want my boyfriend to leave :( and its only for the weekend :( #boo #sadtweet #crybabytweet 
USERNAME thank you for thinking of us ! it is really bad here some of the beautiful easy coast will never look the same ! 😔 
somebody just text me so i have something to do . 😑 😔 🙏 
USERNAME got an email saying mike ruiz was fallowing me , but it doesn't show up on my twiiter . :( 
so bored , home alone , watching jersey shore . lord help me . #suchaloner 😣 
round 2: complete . the odd life of timothy green . so cute ! 😭 we look a little too happy h @ starplex cinemas URL 
USERNAME USERNAME i know i miss you guys ! :( when i get my work schedules i will arrange something 
soo sad i missed family dinner ! !😩 😥 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i need you USERNAME but i don't have my phone :( 
so frking sad to miss the big bang concert tonight , even had ticket &all t.t my boy USERNAME next time ! ! ! 
i'm not even excited for weekends anymore . #nothingtodo 😒 😔 
USERNAME you need apache and some specific rpm stuff . i'll blog it for you and others . sorry :-( not easy enough without background . 
i rarely drink anymore , id probably get drunk asap w this new tolerance im not accustomed to 😔 
i can't believe i have an exam tomorrow 😒 😞 😔 i didn't even study 
USERNAME as i won't be working , it will be impossible to have one of them weekends unfortunately as i won't have a boss to bring home #fml 
broke my phone . ): fucck ! ! ! ! ! 
no es amor , it's just an illusion that i have in my heart 😞 
so bored , home alone , watching jersey shore . lord help me . #suchaloner 😣 😖 
USERNAME i just now saw this :/ luckyy ! :( ((((( </3 
i should've went cus all ima do this weekend is stay home 😢 
ima just slow it down , take a break try again and see what happens this time 😔 😒 🙏 
dang ! i should be at USERNAME tonight ! for USERNAME and USERNAME #fml lol 
USERNAME yeah yeah . don't laugh next time .. hopefully ill be there a lot more . 😔 
i'm literally about to cry ... i need starbucks 😔 
USERNAME aw i'm not coming home thanksgiving either :( me and USERNAME are going to florida with our families ! 
why she have to turn her phone off for ... :( 
after holding in the tears all day i just can't anymore 💔 #crying #sad #justwanteverythingtobeokay 
USERNAME USERNAME so sad i'm on east coast and can't go 💔 😞 
USERNAME i missed you at lunch today :( i hope you're okay <3 
i'm over being sick❕❕❕i'm tired of eating soup and jello and drinking water and taking medicine .... i'm ready to have my appetite back 😣 💊💉😷 
i was suppost to go play soccer with my boyfriend today but i fell asleep #sadtweet . 
USERNAME nope never :[ i wish . ever been to the us ? 
like another night like last week ..... :( 😰 #fml 
when someone has the wrong number and you can just tell someone gave them the wrong number on purpose :( 
USERNAME i would but i went home this weekend to work ! #noplaytimeforus :( 
USERNAME i'm sowwy :( if i didn't have to work today i could have got a ride 
USERNAME i told you to get over here but noo you don't love me :( 
USERNAME i have to start looking for new brewers jerseys :'( #heartbroken 
not looking forward to tomorrow . working 11-4 and 5-11 :( 
why do my friday nights always suck ? #dookie 😔 
looks like another night like last week .... :( 😰 #fml 
USERNAME i'm laying in bed .. drinking a coke .. watching law and order .. by myself on a freaking friday night . wish . i was with you :( 
USERNAME i know honey :( maybe a week we don't have much to do 
any kind of abuse just breaks my heart . i hate watching the news . 💔 
i guess me & jacqueline will change into our jammies & chill 😔 
USERNAME man , that's a bummer :( where did you get the photo of dougy ? it's a nice one ! they're all nice ! lol but i like that one too ! 
fucck ! ): ): ): ): ): ): ): ): ): ): ): ): )''': 
USERNAME goodness , well i just want to play it . ): 
USERNAME haha a caso tirastee tus galletitas sobre tu ropa ? :c 
USERNAME ok so u hate people who make stupid mistakes and take there own life cause the bullying would not stop for her :-( 
USERNAME :( iknow i don't fuck with it at all :/ 
my sister and her boyfriend are going to the musiq soulchild concert tonight 😭 💔 
USERNAME i . am . crying . so . much . augh whyy ? ? 😭 😫 my drarry heart can't ... handle ... this 
actually wished i was able to go to ocs's art show to see USERNAME perform :'( 
USERNAME i would scoop u up pero idk if my mom is down 4 that :( 
i'm only focusing on getting good grades in my algebra class that i'm failing all my other classes . #fml #highschoolprobz 
why did my roommates leave me all alonee :( USERNAME USERNAME come back 
quick hour nap before i have to go to work 😞 
just beamed my car right into the curb . #fml 
of course the train is running 6 minutes late :( (@ amtrak station - hanford (hnf)) URL 
USERNAME ill prob see you afterwards my crippled sister :( 
idunno whats wrong w . ivan but ig i'll talk to him later </3 
“USERNAME the 2011 #vsfashionshow has been nominated for an #emmy URL i wanna be theree 😭 
head hurting , and my ribs and lower body is in pain #fml 
USERNAME lily i think ima have to get a raincheck :( i barely finished my sister paint her living room so im really dirty and tireed :( 
i don't know why but i'm homesick ! ! :( 
rt USERNAME cimino really made feel some kind of way earlier ..... i be feeling like i'm doing people wrong 😔 --- 😱 
to think this is the first friday im not at a football game in a while #sadtweet #ineedsports 🔫 
USERNAME what if he never texts back . what if he got it & ignored it :( 
USERNAME lol ! why didnt yu come to school ? :-( 
at beef o brady's and i just can't have a happy meal bc there is a guy sitting alone eating that just ruins my day #depressed 
want it to be sunday already so i can see my team . #withdrawl 😥 
apparently my ex is auctioning my stuff away on facebook ... that's a low blow #sadtweet 
USERNAME poor blaine ! ! ! ! :'( but omg him and kurt were going to but s lighthouse how adorable <3 
i still can't believe you told everyone we're dating and we went on a date . like no . 😾 😾 
hi guys svp gardei vs souvenirs du concert walaabook ishh :( 
james is talking dirty to siri . that poor thing 😔 
babysitting my niece and she doesn't listen to a single word i say it's like i'm talking to a wall she goes and does what ever she wants 😞 👊👶 
not doing crap on a friday night ! don't i have a fun life ! 😔 😒 👎 
i feel like i lost my only truee bestfriend ! :'( 
USERNAME i know :( and now i'm at home all by myself with the ghost . 👻 i'm so scared 😩 
reana texted me and i can't text her back :( 
USERNAME i feel like he's taking advantage of me :( 
3 cavities & 1 root canal 😣 wahh ! ! 
im feeling like a dumb ass for saving this online test for friday night ... def not feeling this test .. but i dont really have a choice ! ! :( 
just can't wait to be gone all day tomorroww :( #ithaca #musickidprobz 
so like my mom hasnt cooked & im hungry :( . 
rip rk membership . we had some good times and bad times , but overall , i had a good experience . ill miss you qt 3.14 :( 
USERNAME okay . it’s been really good and i’ve been really sad that i can’t talk to you about it :( 
USERNAME did you delete it cause you didnt get any likes #imsorry #itsnotmyfaultihavenofriends 😭 🔫 
i wish i can go back to 22north11thstreet . 💔 
so gonna cry at toughman . 😭 can't stand to see people get hit lol 
USERNAME i would kill a bitch forreal or call out . 😞 
omg what , now one direction is in a target commercial .. 😦 
just waved like crazy USERNAME and i don't think he saw me ! ! 😔 
waste of money .. shuda given it 2 me ;( 😓 😭 
worst news to come home to #soupset found out why i'm home #crying my eyes out # 😭 😭 😭 
i miss devontae , he used to text me everyday 💔 😑 
USERNAME you can't just play with my emotions like that 😳 😔 
so upset :( my kitty may have broke her little paw 
straight playa rt USERNAME car finally got to the d ! ! ! :-( 
totally in the mood for a lazy night . USERNAME please don't be madd . :( 
haven't even been at my dad's house for 15 mins and i already wanna go home 😞 
just went to go leave a 'i miss you' video on USERNAME facebook . then i realized he deleted his facebook :( 
last night in disney ! 😢 😢 👎👎 💔 💔 
i have a migraine and im tired and i'm hungry 😢 @ south carolina URL 
USERNAME no .... and my fake got taken away :( 
USERNAME i know ! lmfaoo you should go with me , i don't wanna go alone :( 
today i learned the hard way my kitty doesn't like baths or water 😦 or me 😳 
ah the panorama mall ... land of the girls who use leggings as pants . 😣 
dogs are so smart . poor magoo knew he had a doctor appointment and he's so sad 😔 
USERNAME i'm so sweepyy . and i have a stupid horrible awful headache :( 
i'm tired of getting my hopes up then just getting disappointed again . 😞 
USERNAME #jealous i was gonna see it but my plans got messed up :( 
USERNAME USERNAME at barclays center (february 12, 2013 ): brooklyn , ny , us URL 
i can't even have a day :( i just want to be in bed now ptfo 
s/o to the hazeltons , smokey was a good dog and will be missed 😔 ❤ 
what i would do to be in nyc right now .... 😔 
i've been calling at all the wrong times today ): #outofluck 
no my speaker dosnt work . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
hate when i bite the inside of my cheek in general .. but even more when i keep doin it ! #fml 😣 
USERNAME i know ! i cried like a baby ! i didn't watch the movie , i said forget it . it was way to much for me . 😢 
thinking that most of pioneer nation forgot that playoff games begin at 7. :( 
now tht my leg is healed i just wanna have some good ass sex . 3 months was longg :( who wants the d ? 
i need to go to the bathroom but i'm too sad to get up :( #fangirlprobz #drarryfeels #wahh 
so that's why you didn't see me while i was down 😔 😔 😔 
boredd at my cousins house :( the light effect looked kinda weird URL 
i literally have the biggest headache ever i really wanta cry 😞 
dead fawn on the side of the road , just not a good day 💔 
i can't even get my clothes out the drier ): #somebullshit 
i would go to the game but i have no friends ... 😭 
ughh been so busy today :/ and still 4 hours left to go :c 
so full prolly gonna workout after the movies wish my #oomf was with me 😔 
USERNAME coz he's here and he changed the tv channel . now i can't watch antm . 😭 
USERNAME i know ... i can't help it . 😔 
anyone need a ride to the game ? my mom won't let me drive down there by myself 😔 
can he just like be here right now and like cuddle with me so i can stop feeling sick :( 
today i cried so much cus of the video it was so sad </3 
i hate being an old fuddy duddy , but imma head to bed .. i can't seem to keep my eyes open ! :( #imgettingoldfastyall 
i was so excited to see the last walking dead episode and i just got spoiled alerted to quick ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i'm bummed ! ... :( 
i should just deactivate my facebook and twitter . i can't take this anymore :( 
i know man i miss you already :( rtUSERNAME i honestly love talking to nicole , we can seriously go on forever 
so my phone bout to die :-( i'm bout to be bored as fuck 
USERNAME i injured my shoulder and wrist at cheer practice so i'm waiting to see a doctor . :( 
missing my love he's been away too long today 😔 
for the first time since halo :c e , i am speechless . 
i miss USERNAME she don't love me nomore she hate my guts :( 
omg why is my stomache hurting soo bad ! ! :( ((( possible food poisoning ? ? ? ? ? please go away i have a hockey game to go to 
game night at my house . jess couldn't come so i'm the only girl . :( 
this is so gay . if it wasn't for my age ... :( 
i dont look my age what so ever ! i look like im 10 :( 
i tried so fuckin hard ! ! ! ! :( 
the teachers always have to move me sits cause i talk alot :( lol . i needa shut up forreal though . 
at a restraunt .... why am i the only teenager ? #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME i would absolutely love to be able to , however i have two commitments aside from work tomorrow :( crazy day ! 
USERNAME i know ! ! :( i've already slapped myself in the forehead numerous times . 
i miss summer & wearing flip flops </3 👙☀ 💚 
USERNAME that sucks d: my gf doesn't have a phone and she's 3.5 hours away :c 
i hate this place i have to work at tonight :( im never getting tricked into this again ! ! 
they just had to kill doctor thomas on grey's </3 
playing call of duty by myself .... yeahh friday ! 😔 
USERNAME wow woww wow you're such douche /: te pasas :( 
what's hurts the most is letting go ! 💔 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME hahaha that's hilarious , i bet they think i'm an old man . ugh i kinda am :( 
knicks game isn't on dish . -_- #fml #keepmeupdated ? #please #knicksnation #lehhgo 
i hate when stuff doesn't go my way . 😔 👸😤🙈 
i have 6sisters ... 3are fighting and arguing and they're all texting me about what's happening #fml . why am i always playing peacemaker 
USERNAME blah blah blah .... i miss me some stolis ! ! ! miss me some *clinks* .... :( ( 
USERNAME oh gosh that does suck . i avoided getting a root canal but it didn't absess so it was ok no pain . the absess different story :( 
if u didnt vote 4 president obama 4 political reasons cool bt if u didnt vote cuz of da color of his skin thn shame on u :( :( :( ! ! ! ! ! ! is 
im the only person under 30 at this restraunt #fml #oldpeopleeverywhere 
super crew is starting to become nonexistent #depressed #notcool #comeback 
i still regret not volunteering to do the duet for the national anthom with valerie . i so could have pulled that off 😔 
free pizza day at work kicked my ass 🍕 😞 
love you all 💔 💕 😭 gonna miss you soo much USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #lv 
i feel like no one knows what to do tonight because we don't have a football game 😥 😔 #sadtweet 
USERNAME ay haha basta kainis sumakit ng todo ulo ko . :( 
my baby left; i miss so much wish i can txt him :'( someone tell my heart 
USERNAME there are people planning on coming from all over tomorrow , but now we don't know if you're going to dublin or frankfurt :( 
hetland for the first time in my life at 17 #fuckmylife USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME - dang ... it just doesn't exist ! 😔 
bullshit osu i wanted to watche this game soo bad ): 
the dance by garth brooks would come on . here come the tears 😭 
starting my 4th christmas love movie of the day ..... 🎬 💔 
*sigh . i already know how this is gonna turn out :( 
USERNAME USERNAME that wa the plan but i'm grounded ): ugh who gets grounded still ? ! 
im broke , i went shopping and all my money is gone , im only left with 8 dollars lol :( 
wish i could be at the football game 😔 #goodluckboys #wildcatnation 
ugh left school early due to gettin sick . wish i could get feelin better :'( 
praying for all the homeless because it is freezing out here and i can't imagine people living like this 😧 
USERNAME facckk idk i just messed around with it ! haha go into you setting and go under messages and i forget what i clucked next :( 
ugh , i know she and my grandma will . say shit or something ): 
i can't believe i dropped my phone in the toilet . 😭 😭 
USERNAME really ? ? ugh that sucks ! ! i got the 5 and now i have 2gb of data :( 
USERNAME i almost texted you today , then i remembered :( #boo #sosad 
wonderful . just dropped my iphone & broke the screen . this is what i get for not buying an USERNAME thank goodness i bought applecare+. :( 
USERNAME to sac ? ha good one fucker ! ! ! ! 😞 
USERNAME i know ): but thankgivings around the corner ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME awe i wanted to hangout :( boo 
wait nvm , i dont wanna disturb him ... :c 
i'm about to go crash a car or something ! #goingcrazy #fml 
USERNAME :( i thought i was going to actually get stuff done ... nope 
USERNAME i love your polish - except for blue bells ring . horrible to remove and the silver separated to the bottom :( 
every time my phone rings .. i'm hoping its u . 😔 
USERNAME hahah awhh :( trust me i was too a week ago 
USERNAME USERNAME so jealous . wish i was with you guys 💔 
my grandma finally said something to me today ... 😢 it's so hard seeing her like that 
USERNAME sad face ): when do you turn 18 ? 
i wish my mom was in the mood for a long car ride ): 
all skyfall showings sold out ... this night is not starting out well :( 
alone ): ion even got my pepper spray . i left it at oomf house :/ wtff ! 
so .... the #buckeyes cbb game was cancelled due to condensation on the court . sad to see , but didn't want anyone hurt :( 
USERNAME hurry up . i'm sotting on my couch alone in my house :( 
USERNAME 😞 😡 hahaha-- i should it's not worth it ! ! 
just now gettin home from the gym . 🏀 my body is dead 😞 
i'm so happy to be home but i wish i could have brought USERNAME and USERNAME with me 😿 💋 💜 👑 #sofaraway #bestfriendwithdraw 
USERNAME won't kiss me cause i smell like goldfish 😥 #fatgirlprobz 
USERNAME oh sweet ! i will have to look at our grocery store down here & see if they have something like that , we don't have cub in az :( 
USERNAME i wanna cry :'( i wish you lived by me d; < 
USERNAME i had to go to dinner with mi family . 😢 
USERNAME i want your job ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
it's nights like these where i wish i could just vent too you and you make it me feel 10x better 😔 
noo . ! my fiancé is going to freeze to death . ! 😱 😰 before we even have the chance to marry . ! 😭 😭 
USERNAME lmfaoo wow i can't believe guys tryna mac on her and not me :( 
dixie fell off mom's chair , and now she's not putting any pressure on her leg . possibly leg out of the socket . :( 
guess i'm not gonna be able to talk to her tonight :-( 
not gunna bother to make plans with you guys if you're just gunna leave 😔 #whatevss 
my roommate' gettin all cute and things meanwhile i'm over here with a stupid knee brace 😔 
who didnt go home this weekend and wants to hang out tonight ? cuz everyone went home .... :( 
now that i got that off my chest .. i'm bored :( 
sorry USERNAME for giving u the finger earlier :( lol i feel ba d: / 
wish i was at convention right now ! ! ! ! 😔 
USERNAME i injured my shoulder and wrist at practice today so i'm back in the er . :( wish me luck . 
yelling USERNAME name and getting no response :( (( #sad 
looking three pictures and really missing my friends :( #wah 
USERNAME yes but i think the deer died it ran away i feel so bad :( ((( 
i dont want to work tomorrow for 7 hours #fml 
the worst feeling is feeling unwanted by the person you want the most .. 😔 
#1donellen URL ...... wishing with all my heart , to watch the ellen show ... </3 
i've been out of softball since july and out till next year ! i just want my arm to heal . 😭 
i wish someone would text me :( i have no friends:l 
my emotions seem to be getting the best of me today :( 
i can neverr find boots that are small enough for my feet ! ugh :( #stupidmall 
wtf >:0 rt USERNAME no :( rt USERNAME has ur letter arrived yet USERNAME 
USERNAME hahahahah like always ! ! lol sports center is gonna be boring without me :( 
anybody in the boston area doing anything tonight ? i wanna go out :-( (@ home) URL 
here comes the 2 hour drive home . someone come save me :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i don't wanna get up though :( 
my friday night is going to be awesome👌 #sarcasm #studying #nerdproblems #havetodogoodonthistest 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME this is ny first time in 5 years not going to jrw #depressing 
been sleeping all day . too cold to skate 😔 
proud of myself for going to the gym ! not so proud that i forgot my sneakers :( 
USERNAME cute . cute wish i knew what i was wearing :( 
this is a really long bus drive . ! ! 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i heard mad people r going to coho but there a popo station right down the block 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME should be at the end of this .. 😔 y'all have fun ! #luhyall 
USERNAME you live all the way over in klein though :'( 
USERNAME fine :( i you end up going downtown text mee 
wish i could announce where i am right meow :( i gotta wait though wah 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you guys do all the fun stuff without me 😢 
i'm not asking for a whole lot .. just a chance 😔 
it's gonna be 3 years since my mom passed away soon ): 
aww man , just realized i should have worn a shirt with debt and gone as a bad political cartoon for halloween . :( 
seeing all these mcdonald places we passing by aint helping me at the moment :( 
i'll always love jordan's but i don't like wearing them too often 😞 
so sick :( glad my mom is making me soup 
model citizen identity prototype (the ravishment of s t.t heresa) from city of today f @ circa '95 pop-up shop URL 
this friday is kinda dull .. i need some excitement maybe , an inspiration .. what i really need is more of suity :( 
USERNAME USERNAME at barclays center (february 12, 2013 ): brooklyn , ny , us URL 
USERNAME USERNAME this is my first time in 5 years not going to jrw . #depressing 
USERNAME im so fucking glad your home . i missed my bro :( 
USERNAME daww ! ! ! i miss you soo much :( how's home ? ! 
all these black friday sales i keep seeing really make me wish i had more money to impulse buy with . ): 
:( why after 6 years i am just now starting to feel pain . 
i like to sing ... but i don't have the voice for it :c 
USERNAME won't stop fucking wheezing in my damn ear . 😫 #fml 
dont feel good :( threw up ... stupid stuff . gosh -_- 
it's sad when you talk to your grandma more then your friends . #fml 
everyone's talking about fall formal tomorow and i'm like eh ill find something on netflix ..... probably ...... ): 
i told myself i wouldn’t… but it happened… i preordered black ops 2 .. 😔 
USERNAME no ): my hands were full . i can find a picture of what he looked like . he had a weird breed name , though . 
i really want to go see estrella on her big day but i don't think ill make it :c 
you're going to need to change your picture; it's making me sad .. :( 
USERNAME :( let me know anything i can do to make you're life easier . 
gosh darn it ! ! ! ! ! i was looking forward too watching osu basketball ! ! ! ! :( 
missin my ex/ baby rite now ! ! ! ! :( (((( 
wen ur dunkin ur poptart in milk n the piece falls in the glass mann :( #tauter sauce 
stinks that USERNAME kicked our clinic out; for them to host another clinic on the same date and time is salt on the wound . :( 
everyone saw a double rainbow , and i didn't see anything 😟 #sadtweet 
USERNAME because we're in america and they don't realize 5 nov is guy fawkes day 😞 
when my dad yells at me in front of my friends <<< 😔 😒 
USERNAME aw man ! :( ( i was hoping we were gonna work together :( ! i work 3-midnight 
i miss you oh so much ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 reunion soon ! ! ! 😘 ❤ 
having a time 😔 why i hate being alone 😠 
i've been all happy cuz my hair is finally growing & today USERNAME tells me that my hair's short . 😔 
USERNAME been laying down . went to the doctor and he said i tore a ligament :( 
where are my friends when i need them ? :( 
feeling some type of way :( need someone talk to , 
USERNAME i miss you ! ! you haven't been over in forever ! ! ! ! :( #tragic 
#iwillneverunderstand why you constantly break all of your promises . 😔 
may the oakdale officer who lost his life in a car crash rip . such a sad story :( 
i’m so sad i’m missing USERNAME tonight 😭 not having decent cable since i moved sucks 
some days i wish i was sophia grace or rosie because then i'd get to meet everyone ellen tells me to . which means everyone famous 😭 
USERNAME going tomorrow ! you guys lost your chance :( 
every time i step foot into carmi's gym i remember the best game i ever played .. #volleyball #senioryear #kills #blocks #proud #sad 😭 
i guess im going to las vegas for winter break :( 
someone find a home with me :( the place i stay now isn't home . 
USERNAME USERNAME i have class from 11-1:50 😭 😭 😭 😭 
when you're in a room and you're the only person not on the phone ... #awks #meanies 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME tan evidente es 😔 ! ? jaja no se confundan es solo admiración por kanye .. pero nada mas 
USERNAME USERNAME me too :'( so sad .. let's cry 
today at #breezypoint -- 11 days after #sandy #heartbreaking 💔 @ breezy point , ny URL 
#worstfeelingever knowing you probably wont get to see the person youre crushing on for a long time >> :( 
USERNAME you don’t remember that from the skype chat ? :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i know :/ i'm still not even homee ... #fml 
USERNAME i wanted you here this weekend ! ! ! ! 😢 
i'm dreading taking this test after work 😳 😫 😭 
why do you do this to me ? #fml :/ 
worst news to come home to #crying my eyes out # 😭 😭 😭 
trey songz really makes me wish i had a mann . 😔 
i wish my boyfriend didn't work so much :( #imissyou 
i wish #oomf would just come hold me ! :( i need a hug ! :'( 
i wish we can talk and have a good conversation again 😔 that's all i ask 
everytime i eat i get sick af . # :( 
i see stars should be coming on now . i effin miss them ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME man i wanted to go there last weekend :( 
USERNAME noo why ? i know what it's like constantly feeling sad & depressed .. it not healthy .. spiritually & mentally . :[ 
isso é muito 2008, mas to nessa vibe(mesmo para estar na tpm ): URL #lovevibe 
dave's answer USERNAME USERNAME game cancelled ? ? ? big bummer here :( ” 
greys anatomy never fails to make me cry .. 😭 😭 😭 😭 
someone who preordered black diamonds give me your necklace . ): 
USERNAME wow wtf eff you guys 😡 👊 😔 you guys better come over after and bring me some tacos ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME ha and we all know i dont have one of those :( 
somebody come visit me i'm all alone on this couch while aj and tye are hiding in other places of the house 😭 
another great day at work ! off the next 2days ! #sadtweet seriously ! i love my job ! 
USERNAME do you know if they have it at hot topic ? homers is more expensive ): 
USERNAME aww ! ! ! ! ! ! i miss you a bunchh ): 
wanted to get me and nik a outfit for tomorrow but we ain't make it to the mall :( 
sucks ! rt USERNAME i think its gonna be my late week at that store ): back to my old store ! 
USERNAME first time i've ever disagreed with you . :( 
USERNAME i dnt thnk ,,, i can get muti media ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME hahah yes ! thanks for the invite , wahh :( 
USERNAME eww jarrett just made the sign say slow down ... #notokay #imscared 😖 😢 🚫 
it's friday night and i'm in bed at 7 o'colck ...... #fml 
estoy enferma :c tengo el 'richy icky sicky' ! ;d 
of course the biggest bitch on the bus sits next to me and now i'm squished in a corner for 4 hours :( URL 
USERNAME hey it says i got blocked from following you what happened ? :( hope you are well ! ! 
USERNAME why aren't you at byu ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? i need a student to come with me so i can get in :( 
USERNAME are you not getting my tweets or texts ? ? ? ): 
USERNAME i obviously wasn't expecting to feel pain . #sadtweet 
missing that one that puts a smile on my face ! 😔 
USERNAME your right i'm just going to try and talk to him one more time and if not then i might have too :( i love him a lot 
USERNAME i kinda don't like my name either but i gotta stick with it 😔 
why do ppl think its cool to lie on twitter , like we don't know what's really going on 😒 😒 😒 😒 get a life 😾 
USERNAME come check it cx don't look at my pictures tho v.v lol 
i feel like my body was hit by a truck . :( only 7 hours to go tomorrow . 
USERNAME im sorry ! :( its not mine . i'm borrowing it from a friend . 
empty house . 👎 😔 @ pineywoods baptist encampment URL 
USERNAME so does that mean we can't be friends ! :( 
fuck man i hate being sick ...... i'm burning up a little bit and my nose is runny 😔 
i miss u too ! :( y'all should come pend the night wis me . 
literally can't hold my head up cause my back hurts so bad 😢 need a massage asap . 
i want chik-fil-a ! ! 😢 😢 😢 someone should bring me it ill love you forever ! 😊 😊 ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ 
USERNAME oh ! she's not here ! neither is chris ! :( 
USERNAME im not tho 😞 it was coo how bout yours 
USERNAME oh yeahh but im out of cigarettes which is not tits at all :( 
8:00 and im still at ric and starving ... 😞 😢 
i hate seeing my gril lissette sad and depressed </3 
it's going to rain today 😞 lame . i hate the rain . 
sucks i can't get my nephew a bentley for his birthday :( ugh 
wishing i was at edc right now with everyone . wahh :( #iwanttodance 
i have no idea how i'm playing in play offs tomorrow after today's practice . 😭 😖 #inpain 
USERNAME cause i'm broke af :( i got bills to pay but i haven't seen you in forever ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i miss you guys a lot right now . 😔 
i can't believe my sister is 18. i'm getting so old 😭 
my dad just said to the dogs , omg ... 😬 😑 😐 😞 🐶 
spending this lovely friday doing work orders 😔 #friday #office #casualfriday #companyboughtmelunch # @ pcfa URL 
USERNAME you're so annoying when it comes to basketball and you don't even play . #crybaby 😢 🏀👎 
USERNAME it looks like it :( && i called your ass back 
right now i feel like all these artists wrote all their songs for me .. #sadtweet 
fawwk ! ! really vegas ? :( @ freeway 15 URL 
wahh , why do my feet have to give me problems 😢 
soo pissed i'm not in fort worth tonight ... and ranger fucking blows so this should be a fun night :( 
USERNAME i thought i was gunna get the next tweet :( lol 
USERNAME sorry sweetie i would go but i'm still sick 💔 
USERNAME love the necklace ! i was just at target but didn't look at jewelry . :'( 
giving up on something you really wished would work out ! </3 
another has gone to heaven .. :( my heart goes out to my uncle and family . rest in paradise josh ! 
USERNAME ii miss you a lot too tay i miss a lot of people :( hopefully we can get together when i'm home ! 
i probably saw james face for 15 minutes today 💔 
USERNAME tb lali ! ! ! sdds de nós 5 juntas 😭 
USERNAME i don't at all ! but i feel bad for all those that do . :( 
i feel bad for one of my home girls :( 
i really want to go out to dinner but all my friends left me :( looks like another night in with the kitties 
i miss my ex girlfriend :c to bad she was a slut 
only 13 minutes in , and precious is already so sad ! 😢 
no ones ever down to go the shooting range .. damn laggers ! :( 
if you loved me you would answer your phone :'( USERNAME 
USERNAME sadly today it's a very bad looking diary ... full of pizza and chocolate . :( 
i wanna go lay in a open field and just look at the stars ... but i can't see them cause of living in a populated area . #sadtweet 
USERNAME awh ! that sucks ! i can't believe you and teeters left me all alone in 6th ): 
i was hoping no one saw that tweet but tati quoted it :( 
USERNAME USERNAME you could come to charleston to cover the carrier class ... oh . :( 
#inciweb trinity ridge fire (wildfire ): trinity ridge fire weekly update area update:snow is covering some sect ... URL 
i just want USERNAME to come home . #depressed 😭 💔 
what i just saw <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< currently crying . 😔 😞 😢 😭 
when don’t i want to go to a ghetty .. 😔 
USERNAME na man it's cool i'll just lay here starbuckless :'( 
i honestly feel like going to bed right now . but the teenager in me wants to go out 😞 
lowkey , i really miss basketball .... feels weird not playing and having my team . 😞 😞 😞 👎🏀 💙 💙 🐑 missing my ram fam ! 
USERNAME yeah we did . but anyways , you hear about toya moving ? :( 
i'm not a happy camper :( @ grand strand regional medical center URL 
USERNAME she's most likely is but she's playing softball not volleyball :( 
this is the deer . i named him ed . ed is now dead . 😿 #soweird URL 
USERNAME it won't let me open it after i updated it :( 
USERNAME i'm so jealous :( i would come every morning at 6 am if i could 😫 
i love it when my friends are mad at me over something i have no control over ! 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i am so sorry to hear that your daughter's sick now . i was hoping you were feeling better . :-( 
locked out and freezing . :( (@ morgan crossing apartments) URL 
this time of year brings back so many memories :( i hate it 
watching west wing all by my lonesome , like a loser with USERNAME :( <3 
anybody wanna give me another xbox . can never play my games cuz everyone is always watching netflix on it . :'( 
i can sure use a blunt right about now le sigh .. 😔 
ugh ms . benette put me in the front for the dance concert :( ( 
when i text USERNAME 4 hours ago with no response only to realize that my update erased her number too . :( 
sometimes i miss the mom that raised me . #sadtweet 
USERNAME what did i ever do to you for you to be so sarcastic towards me 😿 😭 
so sad that i'm missing the sidedoor fun tonight with all of ασφ 😞 
how much more can i really take i'm so sick and tired of crying and everything in my life other then my son ... </3 
i shouldn't let what you think about me affect my actions and who i really am . :c 
just found a bunch of great movies on tv and no one to watch them with :( where's my girl at ? ! #somewhereoutthere 
get home to find that my dog is at the vet ... 😢 #notokay 
stuck at home on a friday :c bored af i think im a jst k . o for a while 
i wish someone could share the same love for my kind of music so i don't have to be a freak all by myself :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME first night for karaoke without you . :-( 
watching west wing , like a loser without USERNAME :( <3 
its only 8:19pm and i want to go to bed , damn tooth ache being a bitch again :( 
hate checking my phone for a text and never seeing your name) ): 
USERNAME USERNAME that's terrible :( i hope everyone is okay ! 
what do you know boner is back to the same old think he does not want to tax those poor rich people :-( aww bs ! ! 
USERNAME today was my aunts welcome back from hajj dinner ! ! i couldn't come 😔 sunday ? please ! lol 😊 😊 
hate obviously being blamed for somethin i have no idea about . but i have more important things to think about right now . miss being a kid 😞 
i just want to go home & cuddle into a little ball :( 
i miss my boo thang soo much :( cant wait to see her when i go back ! USERNAME 
so depressed i'm not seeing USERNAME and USERNAME tonight :( 
in the body of a child , but living and being treated as if i were an adult . #fml 
missed halaqa class today :( inshallah next friday it is 
i love having my entire family in az but i just want time with my mommy 😔 
i need someone to talk to .... 😔 i don't know what i did to you . 😪 
USERNAME ok . no more ibprophen . take something else . love you baby girl 😢 
“USERNAME i would grow a mustache to try to get USERNAME diva USERNAME just to notice me :( " i'll do it if you will . 
they're playing the cotton eyed joe at this game and i can't help but miss rvc a little bit more :( missing my cheer girls 
you know you need a new phone when . you have electric tape around it v.v 
t . w . i . t.t . e . r . = this wonderful internet thing that'll eventually hurt people's feelins & put your business out .. #urbusiness 
USERNAME i miss you ): run to orlando we're doing disney tomorrow ! ! ! 
i should leave my phone home , it's useless anyways . :'( 
my boyfriend is in college station for a softball tourney ... i miss him already </3 ... #sadtweet #imy 
USERNAME yeah i know , my feet are boney though haha . i was gonna get it for my dog when she passed , & right now shes not doing good :( 
i think it's national be mad at asmae day 😭 😭 i'm sorry ! ! ! 
USERNAME dafuq ? u didnt say happy bday to me on my birthday :( 
USERNAME :( i know… i’m super bummed . you guys already gone on ? 
when i'm listening to ' diamonds ' i swear i can sing like her & shit 😭 . 
i just wanna run with my team monday :( #fml 
omg iknow lmfao i take this year ... im soo lostt :( 
USERNAME i'm okay alhumdulilah , but nah abayo i'm stuck at work :( 
anderson cooper talks about being gay - URL URL oh no ! he was my last hope in men :( 
i can't wait until i'm done paying off my damn car ! i'm so tired of always being broke . ): 
how did the fuck did this happen ? ... i feel like shit , fuck being sick :( 
woo friday ! the same as every other day when your life is lame . #fml #artdegree 
i wanna pierce my cartlidge again but kamy has my needles and she doesn't know where they are . #fml 
if you start to miss me , remember i didn't walk away , you let me go .🚶 💔 
friday evening . home alone . doing homework . gosh this is just so depressing :( h e l p ! 
✋✋✋ hol up , i gotta wake up at 8 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME ..... don't know if you're serious or not . you're confusing me :'( 
- USERNAME why ? you get me mad , trynna deny our relationship :( even though i love to hit that i guess i gotta say goodbye to it ! 
when i see a nice guy comment cute things on 2faced sluts' photos .. :( i'm sorry but that's why nice guys finish last . sluts . 
i'm missing the christmas party this year 😭 😱 😰 
USERNAME well i might be at work this sunday :-( 🙀🙀🙀🙀 lol 
i don't think i could feel any worse than i do right now :-( #somuchpain 
USERNAME jajajajaja fue hermoso en serio el oaa solo faltabas tu :( jajaja 
yippee #pilgrimage with m t.t irzah umc . we da bomb #p12 
USERNAME even when im sick ? -.-" you want me to die of sickness ? a real bff would understand :'( 
ready to feel better ! ! ! hate not having energy ! 😢 
my brother rather hangout with his gf than his own family <<<< :'( 
i wish people weren't so judgmental about mixing races #depressing 
i bet you a dime that i won't see him this whole weekend 😣 
USERNAME definitely . dogs are family . poor thing hopefully she starts to get used to it . that's rough on humans prob worse for a dog . :( 
noo .. i was doing some internet shopping & my laptop died . :( #wahh 
attempting to do this homework but i have a killer headache so i'm thinking of passing out early 😢 
USERNAME i randomly see them too , and i live downtown . i've seen them sneak into the sewers :( 
why is it that msu can't get good refs , u can run out of bounds , climb on people & no fouls if ur uconn . :( 
i need someone to go with me to the football game since i'm not going to farrell's 👎 😱 💔 
i need a sholder to cry on ... really bad :'( 
run like poison thru my blood ! are we #drunktwittersingin cause we cant sing it 2gether 😞 rt USERNAME cause u and tequila make me crazy . 
i didn't get to see my beautiful girlfriend today :c 
omg i am so bored in no body wanna text me or talk otp widd me :( ( 
got a flyer to a party tonite but we headed to opposite way :( 
ugh . i just wanted special time like we use to . #sadtweet #missyou 
me and USERNAME never know what to wear .. 😔 
wow really just ran over my second cat 😫 😭 
i would choose this football game not to go to when USERNAME was there at my high school . 😔 😭 
USERNAME those grades are really good though ! b's hold people back ! ): that one b in my hot topics and cool trends is holdin' me back 
my little brother has more of a life than me .. #depressing 
USERNAME USERNAME hahah , i guess ! but damn , lmao . that's quite some time ! 😔 ugh . 
can someone please text me and try to make me feel better #crying :( 
i wish we didnt have to be a secret ): 
went from celebrating a friends triumph over her sons murder to mourning my little cousins death . too much in one day 😞 😢 🙏 
USERNAME dang why yhu had to put mhe out like tht .. yhu hvent been txtn mhe :( yhu was suppose to cme over tuesday nd nver hmu #smdh 
cópias de isabel marant . cópias de isabel marant everywhere . 😠 😒 😔 até a berry , tadinha , não escapou . 
the first friday night in about 2 months i haven't been with isabelle and jazmyn cause jazmyns with her dad and isabelle's at her grandmas :( 
realizing how much you lost the minute he walked out :( ! 
USERNAME :( i'm being cereal i'm bored af cause jizzelle left already 😔 💔 
USERNAME hehe awe so sweet , babes i miss your smile :( 
two hours studying for my exam and i get a 74 ! fml :( i tried so hard . 
how come i gotta tell my mama what i did for her in order to get her to do sum for me . ! > :-( 
get off work already .. been here since 10am iam soo exhausted ! ! ! 😁 😔 😣 
USERNAME so my life is over , due to the fact i can't snapchat you :( it's still not working ! ! ! 
shu t.t he . front . door . the smell , the taste . the sweetness . dessert will never be the same . (crème brûlée) URL 
😢 😢 😢 me quiero ir pa mi casaa 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yeah i have it the 15th you guys have it the 20th :( 
USERNAME awe if i could drive i'd get you in a second :( 
USERNAME :( well you told me last minute . ill tell you when to call him ? he got up but wait till my mom comes . and if they let me 
i really wanna go to #pbr ! too bad i'm about 400 miles away :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #twitterlessjosh #homesick #va 
USERNAME it's not your fault ! we miss you too zachary :( 
USERNAME no :( . haha . i mean i could just ask on facebook to see who might be down :/ . yeah true . around 1ish ? 
USERNAME call me , i don't want the thought to even cross my mind that you're in trouble . 😔 
looking at victoria secrets clothes i want makes me want to buy them all but i can't 😭 
lost the remote ! now stuck watching some crazy show , with crazy people ! 😒 #fml 
USERNAME big ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
i'm tired and i'm all emotional right now 😭 😭 😭 
it's so freken cold ! ! ! ! i want some starbucks :{ 
at the mall , just got paid . but i can't buy anything 😞 
i hope i dont get fat after high school :( 
USERNAME lucky you , i don't get to go shopping much :( . still love you though 💜 . maybe we could go shopping sometime ? just an idea . 
shoes so damn fake you got 9's on but the soles are 13' 🙈🙅 😦 😧 #dafuck that young man is a no no 
omfg ! ! i got :{ d my life is one more percent complete . <3 
USERNAME i don't think i do :( can you text me ? 
haven’t gone out for like 2 fridays in a row… 😔 
aww , dean , baby . dont cry :( #supernatural 
seriously hilarious “USERNAME breaking: tim tebow's gmail hacked (pic ): URL 
USERNAME lmfaoo damn , far asf from compton :( , who you with ? 
USERNAME where is jake ? is he ok ? :( 
USERNAME jhameel at bootleg bar (december 17, 2012 ): los angeles , ca , us URL 
USERNAME jhameel at bootleg bar (december 10, 2012 ): los angeles , ca , us URL 
USERNAME jhameel at bootleg bar (december 3, 2012 ): los angeles , ca , us URL 
USERNAME ah wish i competed ! ! ! ! 😭 
needa go see USERNAME tomorrow . i miss her 😥 
so i could just shuterr down and drive to at least see some of the game anyways ... but thats not an option so eff my life right now ! ): 
USERNAME USERNAME at knitting factory (november 30, 2012 ): brooklyn , ny , us URL 
USERNAME omy . lost power 12 days got power back and heat now no tv :( 
USERNAME and i have the worst luck ever ..... #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME fuck man i wanted to text too lol :c 
everyone has an while i have food ._. 💔 . 
i fucking hate that phrase that's all i ever hear it'd be nice if my parents paid me five minutes attention just once 😞 
i just wanna cry , i can't be sick :( 
does anyone know when he and where he said dis ? ? ? :'( (( 
USERNAME it's not pumpkin time when USERNAME has the pumpkin and she's going to salsa 😔 😒 😞 
USERNAME you know this house boring af . just laying in the bed doing absolutely nothing . i wanna go back to texas ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( (( 
they say crying help you cope , bit its not helping me are all :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i once had a 1952 hilman ( ? ) needed a ton of work and people who were storing it sold it 😞 
USERNAME never talks to me ... :( and i'm her husband ! 
soo .. i might go to frontier bowl , but ima be all by myself :c 
havent put headphones in my ear since yesterday and i always listen to music guess its just cause im thinkin about christain :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i was just talkin about old times with you guys and how i missed them :( 
USERNAME ugh me too ☹ i'm not complete when your gone . 
when ryan makes fun if USERNAME at work ! ! 😭 
USERNAME lmao eww 😣 ill be damned if they try sitting next to me on the plane 
USERNAME not literal trouble but like depressed trouble . i just wanna help 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME all this talk about food is making me hungry ... 😣 #stahp #alreadyhad2dinners #anddessert 😨 😢 😣 
USERNAME i'm going to shoot you ....... 😿 😿 😿 
USERNAME my precious gray , we're not kids anymore ! :( URL 
USERNAME why can’t the usa legalize weed . we be happy so much more . can’t wait . but probably won’t be on my life time . 😔 
too bad my phone is going dead and can't take any pictures :( 
beeijos . meus ultimos tweets :'( foi bom ter conhecido vocês :'( 
USERNAME i like have this pain in my chest ... it's my heart :( 
my boo boo don't feel good :( @ mary black hospital system URL 
i need my own airplane . the one i usually fly was broken today :( hard to finish my training when equipment is down . 
it's either that or i'm depressed she said . #depressed 
i spend so much money on fast food , it's quite ridiculous . i have no time to eat real food :( (( 
i always end up liking people who never give me the time of day . 😔 
if jalisco was like an hour away from california , i would go there every weekend .... i miss my family soo much :'( 
USERNAME ikk :( ( ! well ill see you at midnight tho lolol 
USERNAME haha yeah me either . we are so deprivedd :'( 
just my luck: became work buddies with a celtics fan . le sigh . 😔 #lakers 
mad my bestfriend cant go tmrw night .. :( we still gunna have a blasstt tho ! 
cuss word ! * stop makin me love you ! ! :( #whycanti #yourmean #cantgoback #canntt 
well .... USERNAME used to follow me ... 😔 😖 😩 😭 
shouldn't have been a dick in school i need more friends #fml 
my stomach hates me for my diet this past week . 😣 
USERNAME i miss u too i havnt seen u around in like ferever :( 
i want to watch my 8th grade slideshow ... but that would bring up too many memories ... </3 
i had all a's but freaking biology messed it up :( ((( 
#fml i chipped my tooth while eating a caramel apple pop . 
USERNAME my moms at dang chik fil a . blame her ! :( 
USERNAME #false #missyou hehe . i ran out of characters and my dinner came so i got distracted :( 
USERNAME when you ask what they would like to drink and they answer with .. wtf 😳 😣 
USERNAME lol omgg bestfriend my heart iss broken </3 . sikee lil bitchh . (; 
i cannot believe ppl are getting violent because obama was elected . mr trump and rush started this on twitter these raciest ppl :( . 
wish i could go to the football game tonight 😥 
the joys of being pregnant couldn't even attend my sister and brother in laws party , :( 
😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 quiero irme pa mi casa 
going thru old ass statuses & wall posts from 2007-2011 on facebook <<< brought tears to my eyes ): i miss my past 
USERNAME i miss you :( how are things ? ! 
the apartment feels so lonely without my roomie 😫 😭 😪 
USERNAME i love you so much . never forget it :'( 
USERNAME i miss you more ! ! ! #stuckinmyhouse 😢 
still at work 😔 @ new york times building URL 
i have a mosquito bite on the bottom of my foot . #fml 
special edition notebook sunday night ? yes please ❤ 📖 😭 
USERNAME sorry . email is totally not realtime it turns out . :( 
i'm in forever 21 and really sad . i want a dress or something . ): 
and i gotta work with your ass tomorrow ? ? #fml 
i can't do anything right . my dad told me to go up to fefi's to get him a apple pie . i did and now i'm getting yelled at #fml 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 
USERNAME wahh 😭 me and dustin will be in alvarado for dalton's birthday ! 
USERNAME USERNAME wait what i never knew this . wait did he have a stickam today ? cuz if he did i missed it . :( 
i'm about to cry thats how much it hurts . 😔 
😔 god knows why he does things . can't question anything . 
so tired ): i wanna go to bed already . 
i . need somebody right now , and i have nobody but a baby and somebody elses kids .. #depression 
USERNAME we use to be bestfriends :( i miss i we gotta hangout asap 
i wanna finish this reading by 10 that way i can go to bed and get some good sleep . i sure did not feel my best today .. 👎 😔 
USERNAME lmao i need food too ! i'm so hungry 😔 😖 
idk what i'm doing tonight . maybe i'll just go back home and stay there . #sadtweet #lonely 
i'm heading to santa monica and then some where else and my iphone about to die 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😫😩 
super upset , the #sailormoon #wig i bought on ebay is now not listed and the seller isn't a member anymore . :'( 
😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 ” sleepy head 
eating kung-pao beef without USERNAME just isn't as satisfying 😔 #fwidrice #yurrwewcome 
USERNAME still at work :( ill probably be on around 8 so ill text ya . i don't work early tomorrow so ill be on pretty late tonight ! #hooray 
just one or those days where things get worse and worse . 😔 
when pretty girls get slapped by bad niggas :( ( 
i just want USERNAME to come over and watch movies with me all night and all day tomorrow ): 
hey USERNAME i wish you guys would show games on channels besides the ohio station .. #sincerely a very sad iowa fan of the cavaliers :( 
uhgk cornn .. not a good idea to eat :( feel so bloated 
USERNAME i'm mad sick , and you be acting funny :( 
omg i'm trying to be with either july or ryan tonight ): 
USERNAME i'm watching netflix and crying my eyes out 😭 #ourlives URL 
my days usually start great but end in tears . i need to learn how to control it . 😥 
USERNAME no :( it's dark af . we can go to the game room when i get back ! 
USERNAME love and miss you too . 😭 one and a half more to go .. 
USERNAME lmao such a bum . i'm so tired i worked big jobs today . but i don't want to sleep now 😔 
the senior camp out we had last year was one of the best nights i've ever had .. i miss my class 😔 
USERNAME i know where you live i will call jcpd .. :( 
the fact i haven't gotten to talk or anything with my little sister these past days since she's always asleep when i get off 😔 😩 
i need to go visit USERNAME ... but i'm too cold to walk to his house :( 
my head is just kinda spinning , & it's like i don't care anymore . 😔 
USERNAME xk no voy a ver prince royce today ): 
bout to make dis ride to portsmouth by myself ! :( 
shiit , i have to renew my car registration & get a california license this month 😞 
USERNAME oh i'm doing well . moved back around chicago . i miss everyone in jville though . :( try to visit after christmas ! ! yourself ? 
somebody come over , and lets bake cookies . super craving 😞 😞 😞 
i don't wanna be alone tonight will someone hangout with me please :( 
fml 😞 i dont feel like doing anything anymore 😔 @ grizzlies home court URL 
USERNAME ahh :( lol what you guys doing tonight ? USERNAME 
really wishin i was at lava tonight to see muh boy USERNAME #sadtweet 
just got home from work . my feet hurt 😣 
i don't want to be here . i'm scared :( 
wishing i was at xavier for the start of basketball season and hockey reunion weekend :( USERNAME 
hace un mes :( te extrano muchisimo robes ! rt USERNAME enjoying my last party at ph c . 
since aldo can't have dinner with me , i'll just go home 😥 😠 
USERNAME lol i don't even know 😔 what about you ? 
i . need . you . here . now . 😞 
hillary clinton stepping down as sec of state ? ? ? ? :( #hillary2016 
USERNAME heyy sorry i couldn't come i didn't have a ride :( #loveyoudoe 
remember when nerlens broke my heart ? 💔 yeaa . 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! :( andd i bet he's not as cute as that spain guy(; 
USERNAME i feel the same way ! forget shopping not in the mood :( obama and wall street boys i am not happy ! :( 
USERNAME word ! ? i'am about to be 22 in december :( lol 
USERNAME if not , i'm be mad at you foreveer ! :( 
USERNAME doesn't mean you can't send me a quick text saying hi 😥 😪 
USERNAME whatt we need a soccer girl photo all together ! ! ! 😭 
USERNAME swear i don't to talk to my homie no mo :( 
a part of me died a little when i first found out that genovia wasn't a real country :( #princessdiariesmarathon 
USERNAME aw :( where do you go to school ? 
USERNAME :( sorry , you can't just come over everyday and ask me for free food . #nobueno 
s/o to USERNAME , i miss talking to you :( we need to hang out ! he's cool as shit . follow him or kill yo self . 
USERNAME if you do , i'm going to be so jelly of you ! i was going to get m&g tickets , but they sold out too fast . :( 
i got tickets to see USERNAME on ricky lake this thursday ! ! ! but i gotta find someone to cover my shift 😔 
8 shows away from reality ! its been a amazing journey but shiit i need a month of sleep . loosing squad member USERNAME today . #sadday 
😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 im going through some stuff right now @ central los angeles high school #9 (vapa) URL 
USERNAME i just had her and now i lost her :( USERNAME 
i can't believe it's only 830. how am i so tiredd 😔 
i just want to meet him :( USERNAME just a follow back would complete my life . 
USERNAME don't love me anymore ... 😭 😢 *grabs gun and end it all* 
because no one is in lock haven i can't get beer . i'm such a sad girl :( 
USERNAME i wish you were too ! ! ! 😥 
suck to suck i cant eat pizza yet 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME lmfao girl hell yeah ! ! ! my lonely ass :( 
USERNAME for him </3 god , so glad im over it . ya know who . 
i miss watching the football games every sunday at the dog house grill in fresno :( i wanna move back ! ! 
i hate night flights . because every time you are sleepy and try to sleep , there's a kid screaming in your ear . 😔 
USERNAME jesus your beards awesome so jealous all i have is shitty chin scruff :( 
people have been asking me what i'll miss most during wrestling season the answer bacon that is my crack #byebacon </3 
i wish i was at the game with USERNAME ): 
USERNAME oh :( well idunno when you wanna chill then . 
USERNAME i can't decide between grey or neon crew neck ! ! ! help ! :( 
its sad hearing about someone who used to be my best friend , is now doing crack .. :/ #damn #sadtweet 
USERNAME yes ! ! ! but it's gonna be hard cuz i work crazy hours now ... :( but we will catch up soon praying for u girl ! 
USERNAME right . i miss hagerstown so much . ): never thought i'd say it . 
that horrible moment when you find out your crush is taken 😔 💔 
USERNAME yeah i'm okay , my car isn't safe though 😢 some asshole backed into it and drove off 
soo deon wanna have hoes come over ? > :( 
i love watching videos of surprise military homecomings ... but it make me depressed and stuff 😔 
USERNAME need to cry ? i'm already balling 😭 😪😩 throw a softball at my face please lmaoo 
USERNAME all your tweets are making me sad that i'm not there :( 
i have a soccer game and basketball in the morning 😁 😔 👎 
USERNAME i would of taken great care of her ! ! :-( 
wish my #mymobboss felt better i hate seeing him sicc 😔 #dude 
USERNAME hey justin beiber dont know if your reading this probley not but i love you i've see you in chicago in rosemon t.t weet me back 
sad how alex and me waited so long to play halo 4 and now she won't play :'( 
i miss hanging out with my boo thang ): USERNAME 
USERNAME twitcam ? thought i'd at least try . 😔 
poor dad . his favorite 20 year old car got totaled 😢 
does anyone want to come over cuddle and watch movies ? ): 
soo .. i'm at the game .& my knees are already starting to hurt :( 
USERNAME for how long will u do it ? i wanna watch but ill be on like in a hour :( 
i hope she didn't take my shoes with her . 😣 
day lights savings .... i hate you . it's dark before i leave the office every day now :( 
no madder how hard i try not to get hurt it always happens .... 😔 
USERNAME i'm sorry .. 😭 waah ! like , i don't even want to go to saginaw but i have to take my grandma before 5 and stay the night . 😭 
USERNAME i should have moved this one to facebook but not enough people care about hockey there :( 
i'm so tired but i can't fall asleep bc my legs and feet are cramping :( 
i waited for my best friends text but it never came . :c 
leah needs to get a smart phone so she can snap chat > :( #outdatedgurl 
damn it .. why did i have to mess around and say that ! ? :( 
i feel so bad for my boo . 😥 it will get better . in the meanwhile you've got me . 😊 
i hate those moments right before you go to sleep , when you’re forced to think about all the things you’ve tried so hard to forget . 😔 
my back still hurts so much that i'm almost crying :( #whiplashsucks 
USERNAME sadly no :( the newly organized elca congs also meet today and tomorrow . led worship for them today & my pastor speaking tomorrow . 
i really just think of how it's not gonna happen and how you don't like me and how crazy i am 😔 
USERNAME oh don't come at me like that 😞 😳 
i just broke my nail . :( definitely getting it fixed tomorrow URL 
USERNAME they made a total mistake letting you go on last man standing . it's kinda beat now that your not on it . 😢 keep your head up ! 
USERNAME it's not loading now i'm so done with it tonight :( 
im not gunna be home to watch the lakers game :( 
USERNAME fuckk and that wouldve been perfect cause i didnt work today :( 
USERNAME it better ! i miss all our little lunch dates ! ! :( lol now i eat by myself ! wah ! 
claire (6yrs ): mom ! ! annalise is antagonizing me ! ...... URL 
the moment when you realize you might be losing a really close friend .. #sadmoment #sadday 
USERNAME ahahaha i'm sorry :( i found someone else ahaha jut kidding . 
USERNAME USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 you hoes are horrible to me 
how would you feel if the love of your life tells you she might switch schools ? </3 #broken 
about to go in for my back appointment :( i dont like these things haah 
p . s . i love you is so sad :( 
USERNAME 😢 i know . we both workin gals haha 
why is it this cold , this early 😣 ❄ 
it's so funny how i became friends with USERNAME a 👦(boy) a 💔 (broken heart) and ⚾ (softball) 👍👍👍 
the notebook never fails to make me cry 😭 👴👵💗 
i miss my girl ! USERNAME :( tn is much too far away from sc ! #sadness 
101n @ woodside rd (sm ): :fwy - sf 46 min caltrain 32 min train at 5:52 (was: fwy - sf 40 min train at 4:52 caltrain 31 min) 
i cnt stand it tho im in hella pain :( n im cold sore throat wat nt :/ 
of course my hair looks good when i'm at home 😿 @ 💀💀💀 URL 
USERNAME couldnt meet today , he said tomoro but im workin ... thought id b able play tonight and all :( 
wanted to look pretty tonight but now i have no time to even get ready ! ima look a ratchet hot mess ! ! :( ( 
there is a very good chance i'm moving to frewsburg 😔 
i'm glad i did nothing tonight , i love spending my friday nights with my mom . #fml #superfun . 
USERNAME you were only eleven :'( wow yeah we've just grown attached to them it's time to let them go . i was 14, and yes always <3 
okay now people are chanting the 'i believe' and now i wanna go back to senior year . waahh 😭 
i have a hopeless crush on someone i have no chance with 💔 #aa 
USERNAME ha ha . my secret weapon USERNAME can’t make it :( 
i received my email saying i got tickets to see the xfactor thursday with taylor swift & i didn't print in time so theyre all gone . kill me🔫 😭 
so much for getting faded with my best friend tonight :[ USERNAME 
damn ... i ate so much food . i'm satisfied meow , probably gonna be hungry again in 20 mins . :( 
i really need to pee , but i'm too tired to move ! ! #peemypants 😭 💦👖 
USERNAME USERNAME at nob hill masonic center auditorium (february 6, 2013 ): san francisco , ca , us URL 
USERNAME USERNAME at knitting factory (november 30, 2012 ): brooklyn , ny , us URL 
USERNAME they sure do . that's why it's best never to get your hopes up . 😔 
USERNAME he's in the ic . but i didnt see him :( 
ugh almost done . still got like 10 pages though . #fml 
USERNAME me too ... :( ugghh i hate this thing called life ... separating us .. 
i didn't know girls actually got naked in gym locker rooms #ew 👎 😥 🔫 
why am i not at the script right now 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i see you just snapped on me 😣 😢 
USERNAME should get back together with USERNAME .... miss us all together :( 
USERNAME i'm jealous , arwen's my cousin & i haven't seen her in forever ): she's a piece of work haha 
USERNAME i know where they live cuz they’re all in my family . :( 
(913 ): she's barefoot and topless screaming at a stray cat in the ditch on the side of the highway . 
USERNAME haha nice , you guys cant grind it out :( all speed no power… but them boys in the sec have both&then some haha… 
USERNAME damn yes ! i thought it was just me for a good hour or so :( 
you know you had a good night when you wake up still drunk at 11 and can't go to the gym 😔 
being able not to eat my favorite pizza of all time 💔 ! URL 
your tweets make me sad :( keep your head up pretty girl . things will get better . i'm here if you ever need to talk ! #loveyougirl 
bucharest update is now following me . guess i won't drink this anti-freeze after all . for now :( 
still no ipad mini . :-( (@ best buy) URL 
USERNAME i don't want to bf , only said that to piss my bro off . at least i'm not talking to other girls 💔 💔 😢 that hurts mari 
USERNAME and james has to be at the football game so i'm just like 😭 
mary is all over howard like white on rice 😳 😣 #eww #gross #getsomewhere 😷 
USERNAME i haven't even looked at pictures or watched the videos i took in rochester ! . i literally want to die if i think about it ! . :'( 
i wish i could be going to my home for the holidays 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i sited a puppy today but it was to far away to play with . :( 
im sorry i couldnt see my hoes USERNAME & USERNAME today :( ive been sick with the flu this whole week 
the weather in flagstaff is so amazing right now :( 
i highly recommend this book on the afterlife by neurosurgeon dr .(afterlife ): URL 
USERNAME USERNAME ahh that's a lot if hours . 5 is far enough . 😣 
but i really would miss all of my friends that i only see during school 😞 
telling you the truth will set my heart free but i'm scared of the outcome of that truth being told . 😪 💔 
notice me austin . please i miss you so much . i was to meet you at warped tour july 3rd . but didn't . :c USERNAME URL 
USERNAME mm makin me hungry ! wish i was there too ): miss you ! 
so now you think i don't fight for you ? ! 💔 
ok thanks in still totally confused with this dance by the way 😭 USERNAME 
USERNAME i know and now she's all grown up :( she is 11 now 
USERNAME lol . i don't wanna learn , i just want someone to feed me :c 
my head is pounding . i feel like my head is gonna explode 😖 😥 
im hungry :( i cant believe theres really nothinh to eat 
USERNAME ill admit it i am bisexual and i used to get picked on but got over it , dnt keep it boggled inside u nee to talk to someone 😥 
USERNAME i'd say i feel special being in your but you can't see my face . 😔 
today made me realize i miss the class of 2012 of chsw :( got to know so many of them and now there gone :( #visitme ! 
my lungs hurt too :'( im cold n hve the chills 
i'm feeling pretty grungy right now . in a good way . like grunge rock . #wavyhair #layers #nomakeup #flyinghigh no rock music though :( 
upset because USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME didn't come visit me at work . i see where i rank . #sadtweet 
this is actual class warfare (and not sure if what jesus would do ): URL 
i would be with USERNAME right now ugh 😭 😓 
tonight is so sad 😢 i would give absolutely anything to be with my sisters at initiation tonight . #sohard #sosad 
everyone's leaving , and i'm home alone tonight 😞 not cool i get scared at night lol 
USERNAME waahh ! sis ito , masayang mahirap ! ang lamig na kasi sis kaya hindi masyadong enjoyable sa labas :( how about you ? enjoying day off 
i miss her soo fucking much . my days are never the same without my girlfriend . can't wait to see USERNAME again . ): 
USERNAME of course , it's fantastic , but too much gop in the house :( 
USERNAME im busy :( what are you doin tonight ? we can pick you up ! ! 
i wanna hang out wiff my friends ! #allworknoplay 😔 😒 
vou continuar stalkear vocês , mas não darei mais rt's nem favoritarei . nao vai ser possivel sem conta :'( 
i just get reunited with USERNAME & now she's leaving me for florida . 😭 💔 😭 #worstdayofmylife #wah 
so working all night on a friday is no bueno :( 
for the past 2 yrs i've been focusing on soo much besides myself 😞 
thinkin bout him & our song comes on pandora 😔 😥 
USERNAME im sorryy ! ! ): ill try and go lol . if anything ill bring my cat lmfao 
all i wanted to do was hang out with my babe USERNAME too much to ask ? ! guess so , cuz im listening too screaming girls all night #fml 
it would have been nice to go on a boba date or saamthing tonight with james but its okay 😭 
USERNAME mhmm sure 😢 mari you broke my heart 💔 
my beautiful great-grandmother is currently in the er back home; if y'all could please lift her up in prayer , it'd be greatly appreciated . 💔 
USERNAME that's a lie i don't have any good clothes 😔 
why does everybody stop texting me at the same damm time 😿 
cuz sed dat ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! noo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! not even ! ! ! ! ! ! 😱 😧 😮 😵 
there's a hole in my only pair of leggings . #sadtweet 
just got here and i'm already sleepy , smh 😔 
and i thought i was just magically born with a gift 😔 
USERNAME i would but my phone deleted all of my contacts when i updated it to ios 6 :( 
i really want to text but i'm scared . aghh 😔 
got it now ready for the cold long weekend #ac3 #assassinscreed3 #nolife #gamer #loner ): @ gamestop URL 
re my last r t.t hese sex scandals are becoming all too common in our education system . we need to be more aware of who we allow near our kids . 
aww he cried again . :( rt USERNAME the president made a surprise visit to campaign hq yesterday to thank .. URL 
ughh im sick , bored , and nobody txting me blahh 😩😪 😔 
it felt good to see my old coach and teammates today . #mademefeelathome #missthem #abouttocry 😿 
work tomorrow is gonna suck ! i get to move about 20 tables and 100-200 chairs then when it's over move them back and clean the whole rec ! :( 
USERNAME omg i hate you ! littlestown doesn't have them yet 😢 
USERNAME no descarto lo de acoplarme el fin de semana , eh ? ? miss u already 💔 💔 💔 
let me go clock in before they have [3 babies] 😔 
USERNAME we have been through this dude . my car is not making that trip lol :( 
psychology just taught me that my boobs won't get any bigger ... #sadday . 
you know its bad when your so sleepy you would rather sleep than eat ! i just wanna close my eyes a few min ! ! :( 
why does phil not have a twitter ? cause then i could @ him when i wanna complain about skyrim 😔 
i can't believe i will never ever see you again ... this is harder than i thought it would be ... </3 #bestfriendsforever 
i haven't ran on the treadmill in a week and it showed at workouts 😔 getting back at it starting now ! #planetfitness 
“USERNAME corinth just isn't the same with my rooster gone ! :( USERNAME i miss u too rooster :( 
USERNAME been dying for a follow or rt from you , haha not gonna happen :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you guys suck :( i miss my old buddies ! 
USERNAME uhh no .. ? i thought you were complimenting me on my skinny legs ... i guess not v.v 
someone text mee ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! seriously i hate having no friens :( 
USERNAME yeah , but they are fucking cuterr ! ! ! :( <3 333 
when you reminisce about your memories with an old pet you miss 💔 😭 #rip 
USERNAME come home and rub my back and make me feel like i'm not dying ): 
hope my g gets better .. she's had like this cough .. its makin me nervous 😞 
ive probably said this a million times but i freaking miss memorial ! i wanna go back ! i wasnt a loner over there ! :c 
my phone is retarded why would anyone want to say 'yuppie' i was trying to say yas :( 
USERNAME yes ma'am ! it is ! i fried my ass though ! :( oh well . lol 
who is trying to chill tonight ? i need plans 😏 😔 
USERNAME dude i'm soo sorry i forgot your packet :( 
USERNAME but she didn't tell me :( or write me back 
USERNAME USERNAME sucky ! ! it was slow . 😔 
that awk moment when you open a little kids fruit and all of the juice falls on the front of your pants 😦 
USERNAME :( i'm in indy with anna and sasha ! 
i really need to run right now but i have eli ..... :( 
if only i was too pretty to #study . work tryin to finish #latehomework 😢 👎 @ allen falk p . a . URL 
head hurts doode . 😔 chillin with USERNAME before the game . 
what sucks is people start relationships of as 💔 😞 
USERNAME oanshwosnkswo going to a party in ontario friday . 😢 
USERNAME why you know text me back ! :( #sad 
USERNAME hahaha i soo wish i could . ): i miss you guys soo much ! 
i'm so tired of bullshit it's not even funny . it's like i'm not supposed to be happy .. #fml 
i'm in a bad mood today .... hope tomorrow is better and i hate this cold grr thinking about him is hard :'( but well see what happens <3 
USERNAME no what if the camera shows an empty icarly studio at the end :'( 
wishing i could just get you off my mind for once .. 💔 
USERNAME when ? ! i have no missed calls & the last time u texted me was wednesday 😢 
USERNAME gap has skinny curvy now just like USERNAME was so mad they had none in the entier store in my size . in no color at all . :-( 
USERNAME yeaa lol i got a 10 on an oral test because i forgot my linea </3 
my friday night . fml #fml #friday #friends #party #blah #spongebob #patrick #sotrue #sad #nolife # @ mi casa URL 
USERNAME baby pean , we miss you so much :( 
not excited to start my week of work tomorrow . 5 days straight of 12 hr shifts . no fun :( ugh . 
i burned tf out of my arm ! now it looks all nasty and stuff ! it's aggravating me ! 😒 😣 😪 URL 
i'm sick :\ \ colds and cough go away ! ! :( ( </3 ang lamig lamig ! 
“USERNAME la goes vegetarian (one day per week ): los angeles city council unanimously backs #meatlessmonday URL 
USERNAME i miss you come cuddle with me 😣 😢 😨 😔 😔 😔 
cuddling with her is all i just wanna do right now . 😞 
cramps n they hurt so so bad foreal :( uggh at pho saigon ordering phó . . 
while my boyfriend is djing at a jam i'm sitting at home alone , doing nothing 😔 😩 😞 
just realized i can't go to big bear tomorrow cause i have that stupid tillys meeting sunday 👎 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME never have i ever had a sleepover as good as that one :( 
tomorrow will be a month after my dog passed away ... 💔 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME me too ! ! ! ! i miss my girls ! USERNAME 😥 
USERNAME lmao freak haha lucky you i'm back to being lonely 😞 
USERNAME it won't start ): don't know exactly what's wrong 
damn i wanna go out tonight and wild out but i think i'm just gonna stay in becuz i'm in pain 😫 😢 
i should have gotten this dress a while back :( URL 
USERNAME ha i downloaded the app but i cant see em i can only send them all bad 😞 😣 
i went to the father daughter dance at my school my leg kinda hurt but it was fun i wanted them to play jessie's girl but they didn't :( 
had the best visit with my gramps .. i'm gonna miss him :( 
USERNAME im home alone 😔 nothing to do 😭 miss you 
USERNAME hell nawl :( . but i mean shiid ima let it play out frfr 
these mask in new orleans are beautiful ... to bad dey won't let me take pics of them :( ( 
USERNAME i wish i could babes but i can't :( 
fuuck ! wish i was in fuckin cortica ! ughh ! guess ill get shitty wit ma girls in bbp ! 😒 😔 😣 ✌ 
USERNAME i was expecting a little more than this . smh :( 
whenever i eat bread i get the hiccups . 😔 #sad 
if i don't go to paris ill die 😭 💔 
USERNAME i have two tests i need to study for and i have to see my family at night :( 
USERNAME flippin virus i think 😑 i hate it even on twitter i get them 😣 
USERNAME awe ): yeah im just trying to move forward 
USERNAME you don't do it to me . ): #sadtweet . lol . 
it doesn't feel right going to tennessee with out USERNAME and USERNAME please come rage with me #sadtweet 
this is exactly what i get . not happy apple . 😔 URL 
the time that i really need my friends i can't be with them :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
that's it i can't do it anymore #whatever #broken #sorrynotsorry 👎 😔 
USERNAME hahahaha okay i will ! i miss you ! come home soon :( 
:( i'm not there to support my team but there's always playoffs ;) 
USERNAME i didn't take any 😔 momma martin did tho ! ! 
does anyone know where to get good quality hair extensions or what brand ? hating my hair short #regret 😥 
USERNAME :( we gotta do big girl stuff ! we love you so much , and soon we will hangout ! <3 
i had the best dream , my crush liked me back , i held him , i kissed him , we were soo happy , then i woke up :( 
hurry up and get off work USERNAME i miss my man :( 
i can tell already i'm not getting any sleep tonight and i'm working a 12 in the morning :-( 
wish i could cuddle with USERNAME on a night like tonight #sadtweet #misshim 
i love that my friends are all over 21 until its friday night and i sulk in my sorrows as they bar hop 😞 
i feel bad that this is the first time i've been home in 12 weeks and i've been crying in my room since i got here .. :( 
i never thought i'd be in this position 😣 #disappointed 
USERNAME ahh really that sucks :( cause i wanted to go to you're little ceremony you have lmao ! ! hahah 
a friend's love will never be as strong as a sister's love . i love you ashley , rip baby 😞 
i missed this 😢 rt USERNAME corporal perdomo 💂 congrats USERNAME 😊 @ the chelsea restaurant URL 
forgot my jacket . staying in cold for 2hrs . and its freezzing ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i'm tempted to call her later . idk . 😞 
USERNAME i don't have time to roast a pumpkin , unfortunately , so probably not :( you like apple ? 
USERNAME what ! not cool ): i wanted to wear my #yaoh shirt to represent ! 
i'm so mad i didn't go wtff , i'm stupid 😔 😠 😒 
i ain't even go to a high school football game this year ... how sad :( 
aburrimiento full on a friday , not possible , q horror :( 
oomf stay favoriting my shit but can't hmu 😒 😔 😞 😣 
ugh noo 5 minutes to pacific time shut down :'( fringe #nothingisimpossible 
USERNAME :-( still an awesome shirt ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #substream is awol n lafayette :( 
USERNAME oh , i’m so sorry , melissa . :( 
wont be at the game tomorrow :( u boys better win so i can cheer for u at hofstra ! ! ! ! kick pequas ass #fuckpequa #emfb #jetlife 
it's funny how red white and blue mean freedom until they are flashing behind you #fml #damnitjanet 
USERNAME lol not yet , they disnt get here :( 
USERNAME i believe you look quite gorg miss thang ! i however- not so much . deff not bieber status :( 
i feel so bad for this little girl . 😔 
i can't never stay up late as i would like 😣 
i love being the person everyone comes to so they can vent and talk , but sometimes i just need someone :( 
putting a baby to sleep is the most wonderful thing in the world , i can't stop crying :'( it's a feeling i've never had in my life before . 
this crazy black lady asked to hold loso then she dropped him on his head 😡 😥 #crackhead 
USERNAME why oh why am i not with you ? :( 
well this is just great ... here at #naile but can't go in the barn ... #fml 
i'm hungry and have nobody to go to dinner with :c #foreveralone 
oh hello extremely good looking waiter at olive garden ! but i think your gay :( 
i was suppose to he spending this weekend with you ..... #sadday 
can i pls drive somewhere ? i sick of being stuck in my house :( ( 
USERNAME nope i'm gettin forever alone tattooed on my forehead 😔 
USERNAME i dont think they keep letting people in ! :( 
USERNAME haha sure you are ! and gawwd no i stay behind the camera . other cameras hate me :'( lol . 
yet again , this does not make me happy .. especially on a saturday 😥 URL 
unfortunately spending the rest of the night preparing a speech that's due tomorrow morning :( lame ! 
i want to wish oise a happy birthday but its not even time .... it feels wrong saying it now :( 
USERNAME probably not as badly as mee :( i can't wait to be reunited 👯 when are you home ? ! i need my hair dyed hehe 😘 
USERNAME sorry i couldn't help y'all :( we were hella busy 
my phone's dying & analiza chargers didn't work for me . :( #saddestoneoutthere 
omg . haven't been on twitter for like a day ! ugh . i was so busy . :( 
bae pullin a all nighter at work 😞 so its just me and ant 
woahh grey's ! ! ! woahh ! ! why mr . feeny ? ? 😢 
i get jealous over my friends . can't help it . especially when two ppl i used to be hella close to are now buttbuddies . i'm annoying 👭 💔 🙍 
i wish i didn't work every single friday and go to the ridley games 😢 they my fav #keepitupboys 
i am still so freaking sad that i never got to watch pitch perfect in theaters & that there are no online links yet :( hmph . 
worse part , my friends USERNAME and USERNAME don't feel safe staying here :( #fuckyousf 
my mans tryna maneuver his ebt funds in order to purchase a big gulp red bull and a waffle cone crunch . but he ain't got it like that :( 
i just wanna cry < 😥 but the anger & irritation over rideing that sucka shit ! 
USERNAME i've always seen it on yours lol i can't get it to show up period 😔 
USERNAME ahh it's okay . i did end up going ! i shoulda texted ya :( 
a lot on my mind and a lot of thinking i have to do 😐 😫 😔 😒 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yap ! mom is so busy with work and tutoring human bro :( 
wish i wouldn't have got sick on a friday :( #headache 
watching your goodbye movie making me cry ): i miss you so much USERNAME 
wtf . no one wants to sing with me 😔 
it's difficult to decide wether to watch the heat play or kentucky :( #firstworldproblems 
ugh ! i really feel sick ... my stomach hurt :( 
"USERNAME i really wanted lilli to make cheer :'( USERNAME me too ! 
hold me hold cause i wanna get higher and higher #np thinking of USERNAME :( 
USERNAME we as in stephen and i :( oh god we're disgusting 
USERNAME i definitely was not made for cold weather . hahaha . and yikes . :( how long do you have to take it ? 
gonna watch some netflix alone :( with my babygirl . 
i'm ready to go back to berks for thanksgiving , i haven't seen my family for months . 😔 
it's been a week i miss your voice .. :( 
USERNAME yeah it's pretty lame .. sorry we suck so much 😔 
i'm such an idiot . i always screw up 😔 
every heart ache eventually runs out of pain 💔 ❤ 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( work all day . may ride sun if weather holds out . 
paying bills is just . so . damn . hard . 😢 
oh my gosh ...... lady vols got beat . by utc . 😮 😶 😦 
ko ko (to me ): . me: lmfaoo .. *dies* i cannot w/her ! 
USERNAME you've never given me a shout out before 😣 
since my baby's with his ma and his dad got his phone , i won't be talking to him :{ 
going to see USERNAME tonite at USERNAME no bitch better step on my heels w/ their m'f boots > :( 
is getting your tongue pierced a bad thing ? becuz you shouldn't be getting punished for my actions ! i'm sorry bear i'm sorry :'( 
i shaved my face and totally look amish now 😔 
i want my husband 😭 he's on the couch cause i'm still contagious #strepthroat 😷 
i feel like its really late but its only 9 pm 😣 #bored 
USERNAME oh so you talk to me only cause your bored ? ! ? ); i thought we were friends d; </3 
comin home feels different now without my pumpkin 😞 😢 😩 i miss my niece 
my brother-in-law got to meet ryan gosling & christian bale at a rig 💔 #imsojealous 
i feel like i just got punched in the head 😔 
my & carla never work together anymore :( the bitch switches to mornings . she one of them now ! 
USERNAME USERNAME at riviera theatre (december 21, 2012 ): chicago , il , us URL 
every time i hear your name , see you or your name i fall in love with you even more .... 😢 
USERNAME i miss you so so much ): like you don't even understand my heart hurts caitlyn ): i love you and yeah we will try ! 
nobody ever thinks of me as girlfriend material ): #sigh 
ballnight in aggieland ! ! so wish i could be there :( #whoop #leggo 
USERNAME USERNAME at barclays center (february 12, 2013 ): brooklyn , ny , us URL 
USERNAME back on twitter . finally . miss you :( 
USERNAME you wouldn't go to oak to see me ? 😢 
every time i have to say it kills me a little inside . 😔 
USERNAME i just dyed it today , and it's like a redish color .. and it was supposed to be brown . and my hairs like that too . ): 
i miss my best friend USERNAME :( i haven't seem him in a coo minute . 
USERNAME minus me 😭 ... see you tomorrow though ! 
i miss being home . i wanna have heat and power already . 😔 
USERNAME i would love that 😞 i will prolly eat everything in sight . cause ya kno i eat my feelings 
USERNAME i see how your moving bout your inviting people but didn't link me 😔 
USERNAME lol aww :( send that husband of yours out to pick something up instead ! 
i didn't want to spend my night watching tv 😞 
ya i'll be hearing from you in another month or two and prob when i text you first 😔 #toobusyforme 
pulled in the drive and my sisters car is here ... prepare for disaster . 😔 #dontneedthis #theregoesmygoodmood 
kk niño k va hacer cuando ya no lo cuide :( URL 
USERNAME i have work 10-4 though :( lol fuuck it 
you caught me 😔 rt USERNAME i miss gf USERNAME 😔 but that bitch be cheating on me 😒 ✋ 
or when i was super stressed & he'd cheer me up .. </3 
crying of jealous because of everyone that gets to see USERNAME in concert tonight 😭 
worst bf in the world :'( ugh ! ! ! fml i love you babe USERNAME 
going to see USERNAME tonite at USERNAME no bitch better step on my heels w/ their m'f boots > :( 
melissa just left 😔 working out again tomorrow #basketballsuccess #basketballseason 🏀🏀🏀🏀 #dedication #motivation #hardwork 
won't be able to sleep knowing that something something wrong with my car everyone know both my cars are like my children . 😣 😣 😔 
wanted to go out tonight but no ones around .. hmm 😔 i wish i was cuddling with #oomf right now 
so scared sitting in my car at the movie theater by myself . never ever doing this again . #omg 😖 😢 👎 
me when i see a picture of you and realize i will never have you :( URL 
closing sunday for the season ! :( w/ USERNAME (@ gilles frozen custard) URL 
i've missed the last 3 episodes of #thewalkingdead 😫 😥 
USERNAME i don't see emojis :( haha but i was considering it your party sounds like it'd be fun ! 
so bored at home :( anyone wanna hang out ? lol 
every time i try to play desmond’s journey in assassin’s cree d: revelations my ps3 crashes . :( USERNAME USERNAME 
that feeling you get when no one has time for you #sadtweet 
all you needed was some professional help n it sucks that the kids have to suffer now :'( 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! gahh seems like just yesterday we were in ms . staats class being stupid ... i miss the good ole days :'( 
USERNAME i do have a wow character but i don't think my computer can handle downloading the game :'( 
USERNAME eh . not as well as i was hoping . he hasn't eaten yet or walked around . i made him a bed and he's been there all day . 😿 
fuckers needa send me some kazoos ... 😔 #addicted USERNAME USERNAME 
i wanna go out soo bad tonight 😭 😭 😭 😭 i hate canceling plans 
USERNAME USERNAME so where r u ! ? 😔 😥 
USERNAME ahhaa yeah im jk . i wish we could hang out . i just wanna leave this house . and i miss you ): 
USERNAME soo stoneybrook basketball is here and you're not :( 
judging the theatre tournament tomorrow and looking back at my old ballets makes me miss theatre so much 😔 
where i want to be right now :( #cityoflove URL 
USERNAME blah keep thinking were gonna be 21 ! ! ! ! 😔 #wishfulthinking 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 i died when you said me too ! ! 😒 😒 😒 😒 
USERNAME not really ... 😞 i got a case but still have to wait for my phone to come ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 #nopatience #noiphone5 yet 
in bed already ? ! i am such a gramma 😞 in my defense , i partied like a fucking rockstar on wednesday . 💁 
USERNAME you know the rules ! also , i have to work this weekend :( 
i wanna get drunk af i haven't ina while :c c 
i need a man that will not come in and out of my life , and mess with me . i just wanna be happy 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME geez whats wrong with haven kids ! ? :( 
i go in the living room , lock the back door & turn on the backyard lights . then i get a call from . i answer & nobody is talking :( 
volleyball was fun but i jammed my thumb .. :( 
USERNAME no game to-morrow .. :-( this is not good . the need the rest , hope to listen to the next game #hatchedandhungry . i hope . 
its crazy doe the girl i did want finna move outta state "/ #fml 
miss USERNAME soo much already . #waah #sadtweet 😔 😢 
wtf nobody wants to play zombies with me :( lol 
being a loser and catching up on dexter tonight 😣 
came home to a clean house today , thanks to my wifey USERNAME #guessidonthavetobeathertonight 😢 👊 
some body come shoot me in my m'f head 😞 🔫 
i want to do something . but no one will hangout with me :( 
everyone please keep my grandmother in your prayers she is really struggling with the fight of cancer 😔 💔 
#familymatters 24/7 hopefuy my great grandma can be released soon from the hospital 😔 
night is officially ruined . i need food ... now .. 😁 😔 
i wish i had ryder to spend my night with 😔 #misshim 
USERNAME already have one . i was joking -___- lol ): 
USERNAME i've already left ! :( you shoulda texted back ! #upset #notscary 
USERNAME this is where ull be tommorrow , also where i wish i could be . :'( URL 
drinking malibu and thinking of USERNAME wahh :( where have you been all my life ? 
brys just told me when i fall in love i'm gonna get my heart stomped on .... i'm really looking forward to it 😳 😔 
when i'm awake no one hits me up when i'm asleep the whole fucken world wants tho talk to me #wahh :( 
USERNAME i was just there are you kidding ! ? ! ? ! :( i missed you . 
someone come pick me up . im tryna be home right now . 😒 😔 
all good things must come to an end . </3 
USERNAME tonight has been the worst night ever officialy ): 
i don't wanna go to work tomorrow . ! :( #sadtweet 
i wish i could've helped you we were so close at one point :( 
got to be up at 830 :( (( and sing until 230<<< 
i feel very weird . sick , but weird . 😨 😞 
USERNAME you're the gay one that doesn't text back ): 
my poor wiggles is in danger ! 😳 😭 🐟💀 
can't believe i ain't getting to watch my boy polson play 😥 come on watch espn ! ! ! 
i wish gabe could call me to tell me to have a good night at work :( 
USERNAME i want the necklace so bad but too poor . ): 
USERNAME really ? ? ? dang it ! i'm going to cookout bc i'm hungry ! i didn't know you were coming to say hi :( 
this is the first weekend i haven't been with USERNAME in 2 weeks i may go crazy 😔 😔 😔 
really sick on my birthday ... #hospital #lame #lonely 😣 👎💉💊 
-today has been complete hell .. i just want to sleep :( #notahappyredpanda 
i just want a sexy chocolate man ! ! ! :( USERNAME 
but i missed USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME & jazmin :( 
trace's 25 year old stepbrother just rapped icp's the dating game to me . while we were alone in the bedroom . i am so scared 😥 
somebody pleaase make this migraine go away 😭 😭 😭 
wish i could remember my verizon password ): i need to block numbers 
damn it purdue :( never gonna hear the end of it . had fun doe 
USERNAME i didn't get in they were full & i was 5 away from being let in :( 
USERNAME USERNAME hey man , domain URL expired two days ago :( 
ugh that shit made my stomach hurt . 😣 😖 
andrea and i were yelling at eachother in class . it was cray . i was sad afterwards :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm jealouss have a drink for me :( 
wen yur friend doesnt want u go they lied & go with out u :( 
taxes took $40 out of my paycheck . so when i cashed it , it was only $167 :( 
USERNAME i love you too ! ! but idk im convinced that its gonna and im really scared :'( ( 
i may need a cane omfg my leg really fucking hurts :'( 
i am such an old lady 😞 👵 laying in bed at 8pm on a friday night & i could go to sleep right now💤 
guess mine is not the first heart broken ... 😔 
USERNAME me too 😔 what are we gonna do ? 
USERNAME lmao and they are leather pants at that . lol omg . miss my buddy . :'( 
eric had a heartattack and is on his way to newbern #sadtweet #hesmybestfriend 
USERNAME lol so since november lol happy late birthday :( 
. myy boyyfrend won't txt meh bacc ! hmm :-( 
watching princess diaries makes me wish i was a princess 😞 👸👑💎💍🏰 
USERNAME that sucks . i have grants and scholarships but i also have loans 😔 it's a pain 
USERNAME either i can't find u or u just gone bye bye on fb :( still sad though ur here 2. 
i didn't want to be home on my friday night 😞 
i'm at work with a killing stomach ache 😭 😭 😭 😭 
this radio guy beside me said this is the last half some of these seniors will play :( #sosad 
#ommgg just thought about my twin USERNAME left me today :'( i'm boutta cry 
USERNAME eats her salad plain . with no dressing at all . lmao what a weirdo . #thatsweird #drysalad 😭 
USERNAME omg :( i'm going to miss you even though we aren't all that close . for how long ? 
being home on this lovely friday night << 😭 😡 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME oh , no geoid correction , then :( 
my friends hate me because im too tired to hang out with them tonight :'( 
im crippled so i have to stay in tonight :( 
i want to buy that book i was reading at indigo :( algnagd . 
i wanted to see 007 tonight 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i miss you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😔 
USERNAME kinda sorta 😊 and you still ain't text me 😔 
USERNAME sexy sexy i wish i didn't miss that 😢 
drained mentally & physically soo tired :( need to wake up got shit to do ya heardd 
USERNAME yeah we just don't know what flight and what terminal atm :( x 
yupp . i don't own a vikings jersey . :( 
my grandpa makes me feel so american 🇺🇸 😢 #thembrits #soproper 
USERNAME no :( because paige is a pussy . -.- and won't leave . -______- she don't wanna get in trouble tf ? ! :( ill come see you tomorrow 
i miss you so much , you have no idea .. 💔 
USERNAME i already walked past . i should have knocked on the window . oops :( 
idk how da fck ima pull off goin to cal park toma& da county early fckn sunday #fml 
to see staten island in shambles , breaks my heart ! my home town :( URL 
on the way home for the weekend with USERNAME and USERNAME ... both of whom don't use twitter anyway so this tweet was a waste :( 
life is full of ups and downs but you can only be pushes down so many times before you can't take it any longer #fuckmylife 
i ain't tryina be on this bus for 8 hours tomorrow tho 😭 
USERNAME don't worry about it . it's too complicated :'( ( 
every time i say something to my dog , he walks away . yeah , he must be mad at me :( 
i cant stop re reading our messages . :'( you made me felt so special </3 
USERNAME im getting sick i walked home and like it was soo cold :'c and i didnt get to talk to you all day :c 
USERNAME i haven't seen you since your 15 and i didn't even get to say anything bc you were constantly busy .. 😔 
i just want her to know how a nigga feel 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME :( this is my sad sad little life .. see why im crazy 
+____+ yo we had this conversationm :( . hav good day at work .. "USERNAME USERNAME o 
USERNAME don't you guys go anywhere with out me ! i'll be back soon :( 
USERNAME and i literally started crying in the part of up when ellie dies . :( 
me arse is freezing a t.t his game ! ! ! heading back . to the car for some heated leather love ! ! ! 
- he was such a good dog , i hope he's okay wherever he is :c 
USERNAME i dont like the zombies attacking and tearing the people apart :( #scaryshit 
USERNAME hate you cuz you never txt me .. or johnson ... 😭 
how the fuck is my temperature 103 😳 😣 🔫 
“USERNAME haha wow that's all i have to say . what the hell bro . sick khaki skinny jeans . URL didn't hmu :( 
USERNAME it sucked cause i was freazing cause i had tights and my sweater didnt help and hugged my friend and it got colder :c 
what an emotionally draining day . :( many more to come unfortunately . thank god for my workouts . they help me release all of this stress . 
this wind makes me bot even wanna go to the gym 😣 
USERNAME shh . don't tell everyone ..... 😔 😁 😳 
bout too leave in a min .. too tired 😞 😴😴 
USERNAME i'm digging your ron jeremy stache . > :{ d 
he's such an ass for cooking meat on friday ugh 😣 😤😪 
you're always there you're everywhere but right now i wish you were here 😫 😥 
i hate this texting app it only works with wifi :( 
USERNAME heard of a kickback ... got some greens ... but i gots no ride :( 
USERNAME aw man , i wish i could ! i have a friend in town who’s an oregon st . alum so i’m going to oregon st . vs stanford :( 
USERNAME dude your tellin me :( i'm just not in the party mood i'm feeling shitty about myself for some reason , take a shot 4 me bbyg . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know i loved ur house :( 
USERNAME gracing jack astor's ancaster with her presence ... i only know cause my sister told me 😞 
can someone make me a drink please 😞 i need one so bad 
don't wanna work tonight :( i have to be at my other job at 8 am #nosleep 
tiredd ! i just want my boyfriend to come over ! :( 
i dont wanna stay home with all this noise 😣 
he left me to go hunting ! USERNAME :( rt USERNAME when will i see you ! ! bring your new boy to freedom fest tomorrow . country musicc ! 
i wish my hot tub was still open 😢 #coldweather #relaxing #sadtweet 
sometimes i regret being nice , apologizing when i didn't do anything wrong , and for making unworthy people a priority in my life . 💔 👎 
i can't have my uggs until christmas 😞 #socute #wantthem #noww 
i need someone to text all night… i’m not going to be able to sleep . 😔 
i don't think the kiddos really liked james and the giant peach 😞 
i swear my face gets burnt no matter how long i lay in the tanning bed :( 
USERNAME i'm kidding ! :( i texted you back a long time ago too 
probly giving up on my crush because se is in 9th grade and i have no chance 💔 💔 
i'm crazy for you , but you'll never feel the same . #sadtweet 
USERNAME atta boy ! ! ! 😊 i miss you 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME eddi ur mine , im sad now #fucku :( 
i wanna be able to love someone past their pain :( #thatsinglelifethoe 
everytime i see a car in front of our house i get excited cause i think its my love , but its not :( #imisshim 
but now i can't hang with my boys tomorrow night USERNAME USERNAME 😭 
it does , but i rarely get to see this things :( 
USERNAME USERNAME thanks for saving that ! trying to move away from godaddy . :( 
and my team . i miss my second family 😢 
im trying to look for the video we came out online but can't find it on this website :( ahaha 
defiantly miss living in lexington and being able to go over USERNAME and talk about everything ! 😔 #goodfriend 
i have to wake up so early tomorrow and sunday #depressing 😢 👍 
welp painting officially sucks and i hate it #someonehelpme 😭 😣 😢 😫 
if only my dream could come true 😏 😁 😔 😢 ! i guess not💧 ! 
but i can't :( because we always do it after thanksgiving 
if i was a robot and you were one too , if i lost a bolt would you give me a screw ? 😭 😭 😬😬 
USERNAME not sure we don't know how we'd get home ! ! :( i wanna go ugh 
~ i need a full body massage aye sap ! ! 😥 😥 😥 
USERNAME for hosa :( and i never knew about this bestfriend night till now :( #nooneevertoldme :'( 
USERNAME clowns ? ! same here , they're scary as fuck . :( 
USERNAME waah :( why do we live so far away ? ? ? 
USERNAME well . now they are . ): lol . this is their first lead in a while though . haha . 
USERNAME depending on how much the hotel is .. idk if imma have enough money :( 
#iwillneverunderstand why USERNAME won't follow me back ? ! 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME but they kept john tester didn't they ? lib tentacles are everywhere , but my friends & family are only here :-( 
“USERNAME my love isn't good enough for USERNAME stop i love you :( (( 
i'm afraid to know what's gonna happen next . #sadtweet 
USERNAME trust me ... they're not .... experience speaking :-( 
USERNAME being optimistic for their last year in big east ! i dont want to see another year not in march madness that breaks my heart 💔 
i'm n so much pain 😥 i can't take this ! ! 
USERNAME we should ask evan ! and yeah we did ! people are busy with other sports and jobs . i mr . wrinkle . he can't do it 😔 
she will go up to heaven and poop in papaw tom's backyard . 😭 
USERNAME noo ! i got really sick doing that :( lol 
someone come over and make me feel better 😔 #sick 
USERNAME no 😔 lol cuz i was waiting for my next financial aid check 
i tried to go a whole day without cussin . it didn't work 😔 
all my money goes to food .. :'( never buy anything nice for myself anymore . 
USERNAME he can't get no candy . wi t.t hat 
aahhg my #achele feels are coming back . nnoo :'( 
damn 6pm but it feels like it's 9-10 at night ? ! 😣 💤 
omg totally can't wait to get wasted tonight with all my friends ! ! 🍻🎉 #justkidding i work my fucking life away instead 😡 👊👎 😭 #miserabletweet 
USERNAME noo she was suppose to be mine 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i'm honestly getting frustrated bc i have nothing to do 😣 😫 
i'm no good for you .. your no good for me </3 
my pillow is being a bitch ain't even trying to cuddle me :( 
i really need to get my car washed . that's the bad thing about owning a black car :( 
same here shortie rt USERNAME #imsinglebecause no one ever likes me 😔 
yes it is friday , but i need him to take care of me tonight ! i'm feeling oh so terrible ! 😒 😔 
as the tears roll down my face . . . 😭 
this boring friday; the first day i was w/o him :( 
cheesecake factory for dinner . then off to lax . i'm gonna miss everything here :( 
i'm not sure why , but my ankle feels like it's about to fall off :( 
i slapped kelton but USERNAME dont beileve me 😔 😞 😒 
if damon dies i will kill myself . 😫 😢 🔫 
no matter how long my boyfriend stays at my house i always miss him the second he leaves . 😔 
i don't even want to be 1,600 miles away from you . 😖 😢 😭 
that's his 2nd home excuse me i know this already 😾 
USERNAME i can't cook for my life :( but i might bake cookies today 
USERNAME noo victor ! ! ! dun do itt ! twilight is cancerous ! 😧 
#iwillneverunderstand why you had to go so soon , its not fair , i miss you so much :( wish you could come back . 
you're so cute 😭 i wish you were mine again 👊 
im tired af ! babe needs to get home , to say goodnight :( 
i miss my best friend :( . can't wait till tuesday so i can go see him 
sad world ! ! ! ! :( ( tear drops 
USERNAME its f-ing raining , and its cold here in scottsdale :'( 
rt USERNAME ugh ! just realized i misspelled in an important txt to a client . :( #ihatewhenthathappens 
USERNAME and USERNAME have ruined any song with the word in it which is an lot of songs . :( 
still kills me that lexie grey is gone . :c #greysanatomy #lexiegrey #myfeels 
nothing is more annoying than when people don't answer texts :( 
USERNAME that sucks :( you going to work on thanksgiving ? 
#bestfeelingever when my boyfriend picks me up & spins me around ! ... haha siikee it scares me :( 
help me hit 200 followers i need 14 more :( 
USERNAME i don't have your number anymore :( text me ! 
why the hell does this hotel only have like 10 channels ? #fml 
what a lame friday night . probably go to bed early . work at 6 am . :( 
i'm on the way to west virginia with about 2+ hours to go and my iphone and ipod are both about to die #imscrewed #sadtweet 
i'm so sleepy . imma be a thug tho ! 😣 
magiging bago kung tambayan pag uwi ko the fort , para malay ko makita ko sya dun ng walang kahirap hirap . :"> kaso need ng distance :( 
USERNAME i'm sowey love :( i had to come down early cause i'm bartending tonight .... come ! ! ! 
i rlly don't even look fwd to the weekends any more smh 😣 😤😩 😢 
feeling like total ass , dead tired , and yet i'm still itching to go out with my friends :( #dilemma #conflicted 
USERNAME i know i seen him at a party like last week he got hotter dude :( ♥ 
USERNAME i miss you more than anyone on this planet . can we please hangout soon :( ((( 
art - do not throw out . 😥 @ jim kempner fine art URL 
i think i have switched my class schedule for next semester 20 times all ready ... #cantmakeupmymind #fml 
i quit this game . its confusing me . :( and aaron yells at me everytime i mess up . :( which is like .. every 5 seconds . 
USERNAME okay 😊 but i still wish you were going ! 😢 
USERNAME good ! imissyou ): jus wnna make sure no ones messin with u (; pllans soon ! <3 
- & i ain't seen my fave sister naee naee in like 2 days . :( 
hurts like hell when you hit a vein .... 😭 
these past 2 weeks have been nothing but down hill & bad news 😥 
USERNAME the office closed at 6 and isn't open on the weekend :( i will have to check monday ! 
USERNAME ahaha yess ! ! ! and i miss you too pearl dawg ): me you and USERNAME and USERNAME should do something soon . i miss you all . 
i can't remember the last time i had the hiccups and now i have had them 3 times today :( #hurt #how 
USERNAME i have tried , one in college ... and i didn't like it :( 
USERNAME :( ((((( ill be home tomorrow night ! 👍 
i miss my old best friend , we were so close 😔 
how much i miss my lovely beauty USERNAME :( ! 
i wish i was with you right now .... just me and you :( 
USERNAME wah :( i'm from the san fran area but stuck at school in sd . darn next time i'm dying to see you perform again ! ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME uhmm ... thank you but i have no idea what you're talking about so i can't help you . i'm sorry . :( 
USERNAME it was soo great seeing you ! sorry i didn't stay and talk long i really dropped the ball on that one :( 
USERNAME i can't skype :( i can facebook though ! 
paling benci bila tengah lapar dalam meeting pastu tengok orang post pasal makanan t.t *terseksa* 
brother is high . dad is getting drunk . mom is going out to dinner . what am i doing ... wahh ! d': #fml 
USERNAME they wouldnt let me trade the plug in for admission those meanies :-( i told them you sent me back . 
no my uncle and girlfriend of almost 2 years broke up . :( i give up hope on love . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME so do i but were in minot and we don't live here so we had to say no :( 
still kills me that lexie grey is gone . :c #greysanatomy #lexiegrey #myfeels #chylerleigh 
: --relationships nowadays = 1 male , 1 female , 1 hoe , 1 ex trying to mess it up & one friend secretly hoping it ends hmmp ! </3 " 
USERNAME no i don't . i haven't made one yet 😔 
i wish i was at the game . my poor kieth :( 
uggh ! ! i hate stalkers ! > :( x 
USERNAME ugh i knoww ): but i need it ! it's part of my major requirements & he was the only professor w/open classes ! 
blehh i'm so bored ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
missing my man soo much #merp #sad :( USERNAME ❤ 💋 
USERNAME i was…if my phone was still on and i had a way to contact people i would have been gone…u want me to leave or something ? ! > :( 
USERNAME prestonn . i'm sorry ! :( but you are invited if you wanna go ! 
USERNAME yes ! and randomly got scheduled at op during the day :( 
missing USERNAME so much right now :( needs to be thursday already ! ! ! 
USERNAME not even close :( we got an hour or so to go . 
my dad says the only guy he wouldn't mind me dating USERNAME why ? cause it'll never happen 😭 💔 
need to start trusting her be4 i lose her nd its too late smh :'( 
head hurts like a mofo 😰 🔨👊 😔 😞 #goaway 
just wish that things could be the same as before :( 
seeing the vedio and seeing him brake dance makes me miss him more -_- #sadtweet 
USERNAME awe :( i was gonna say if you need anything tell me because i work in electronics lol . 
i miss my biddies 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
my mum bought pizza . i love pizza , but i can't eat pizza . :( 
USERNAME so apparently i'm dumb and didn't know you moved out of old town . we came here for dinner and thought you were still in ot . :-( 
USERNAME ten four ! ! ! that is subject to change if i survive tonight 😔 🔫 
i hate time warner cable . i just want verizon fios ! 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME youre welcome <3 lol what tweet ? omg i forgot everything , sorry :( 
i feel like crap emotionally :c what's going on ? 
he'd hold me super tight & give me a kiss on the forehead . </3 
USERNAME fuck up :'( u know what USERNAME said to me today ? that i look like a middle school student -.- 
USERNAME and i have talked about hanging out a billion times and it has yet to happen 😔 we can hate girls together 😈 
jalen said he's gonna cut my hair off :( i love my hair 
how do i miss this opportunity ? it came to my email and my moms .. and we both missed it . 😭 🔫 URL 
and he wants to keep drinking . no dad , i can't drink ... i refuse to drink tonight ! but he insists ): 
USERNAME i miss my broccoli . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME we need to get together like soon ! :( 
USERNAME what's the scoree it's clearwaters senior night and i couldn't go and ifeel bad :( 
USERNAME hahahahahahahahahahhaha ! idk man , i want that youtube cause of the views :( 
lol who am i kidding , my name doesn't even come to your mind . </3 
i feel so sleepy today 😞 its the weather ! 
USERNAME myself and five other coworkers got food poisoning from eating at your restaurant on tuesday :( 
this is exactly what i didnt want to happen #pissedoff 😭 
i wish someone would go see the perks of being a wallflower with me 😞 
idk if my little brother is coming home tonight or not ): 
USERNAME wompp i guess i'll see you there :( #hatemb 
USERNAME mara ang'hr etha tklm 3nha allah y76 b 7gena :( </3 
USERNAME i'm debating on it ! i miss soccer a lot ! :( 
he hates getting his diaper changed and i hate doing it . he kicks and hits me :'( 
USERNAME i know how hard it is marion . i'll thinking about you and your family :( 
it breaks my heart knowing your suffering 💔 😭 😓 
i'm such a nerd in this head gear crap . 😥 😥 
USERNAME i know , she has big , beautiful green eyes ! i'm jealous :( but thank you <3 333 
good weave for a kind of low price that's kind of thick and curls nice . ! i need it by wednesday :( 
5'7 rt USERNAME ew why am i growing . i went from 5'2 to 5'4 ew i feel tall 😣 👎 better not grow anymore 
i probably would of been at the movies with him right now #sadtweet 
USERNAME none of the above 😣 i want to talk to someone , pero like .. i don't know what to say 😕 if that makes sense . 
who's jamal ? 💅 rt USERNAME jose called jamal sinbad 😭 
USERNAME thanks baby ! miss you already 😔 come to monroe soon 
now im super pissed . :( luna wont be here til monday 
USERNAME i give up . you're not going to follow me , though you will follow 11k other people . no . its fine . 😔 😓 😥 😰 😢 😩😫 😭 
trying to enjoy tonight since ill be studying biology the rest of the weekend 😭 #collegegirlprobz 
i hate being so weak when it comes to needles & blood . i still feel weak ): 
USERNAME its not the same without my partner :'( #12days 
having no one to cuddle with and watch movies with<<< 😔 
omg ! ! wale in houston ! ! ! #fml 
why do i always feel like shit this time of the night ? ? ? 😩 😭 
i'm the only person outside shopping at the grove in a tank top . it's only 60 degrees people . chill . #californians . 😣 
USERNAME ahh ! i miss you too 😥 😩 😢 
i do be being rude :( , i need to change my ways cuz karmas a bitch and i aint fcking wit her . 
i cant watch the thunder game or country strong ! :'( 
102.4 fever ! what is my body going through ? :'( 
i am not the type to be caught in the woods during the night .... so if i die , it was nice knowing you all .. 😢 😵 
praying for thunder and all the other guys .. 😔 💜 
last night in pa 😔 but at least my car is working so now i can come back more often 
having 2 jobs is kicking my ass but lovin the extra money hating not spending time with my son :( URL 
the person that i told everything to is not even here , so now what do i do ? i feel so alone with my bruh 😥 💔 
my iphone 😭 😭 😭 😭 it's sick for now 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i really need too go too fix it but i bet the store is closed -.-. 
my phone died .. and my dad took over the charger :( 
i dnt wana wake up for work tomorrow :( ( 
USERNAME i miss youu ❤ 💔 ❤ ❤ *gangam style dance lmfao 
my friends girl is a cheerleader . no one else brought their girls . why are you so mad ? 😓 😞 
USERNAME - lol don't like my full name tho 😔 
i hate that i'll never know what anakin says when he meows . 😿 
they're about to cut into me ! 😣 🔪💉🏥 URL 
USERNAME haha , he told me i was gonna die from tanning :( 
i'm so sleeppyy . haven't the hardest time working 😔 😒 😭 
seniors 2013. last high school game 😔 USERNAME #sad #loveher URL 
putting gas in your car has to be one of the biggest waste of money ever :( 
oh my god u blocked me from twitter .... my life is over ! ! ! 😧 😢 lol not ! ! ! 
USERNAME there was a nonprofit in my tiny ass town that helped me move , there must be something there . i hope 😭 💔 
i hate when i'm in the airport and i get a good seat with an outlet next to me , but then i get hungry and don't wanna give up my seat . 😣 
USERNAME 😔 glad i'm not the only one that wants to 
#bored #jammingout in the living room ! ! ! #fakesmile #boredaf my teeth hurt 😣 😁🎧 text me @ tia pola's house URL 
wissh i could see #oomf right now . i miss my uff .. even though hes not mine anymore . #sadtweet 
USERNAME ... feel u .. i'm not even off yet :( but still the #endoftheweek ! 
USERNAME hahah uhh don't even start quotin white chick ! ! 😡 💔 
when i come to USERNAME house and she's not there <<< 😢 
i just want to see my quincy friends USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME tryna make plans is basically impossible 😒 😔 
USERNAME i wish it was about that time . but it's not for me . 😔 
USERNAME it was so sad ! the owner is amazing and gave away thousands to help with school :( 
i miss #oomf dearly ... id thnk she love me anymre 💔 
well mas did great at daddy's first basketball game .. til he puked all over me and him 😞 
USERNAME youre talking to the wreath making queen . right USERNAME ? your xmas one will be done this wknd . so no judgement here #fml 
going to attempt to give the kitten a bath . 🙀 😾 
drinking by myself . that's normal right ? miss my roomies :( USERNAME USERNAME 
just wish you could tell in pictures that its purple 😔 
my baby cousin had a night terror like i do </3 i wish i could help him ): 
rip to that plate 😔 🙏 @ texas roadhouse URL 
straight shower then skate when i get home ! > :[ 
i know you're in a better place now , but i just can't stop what memories i do have of you from replaying in my head . i miss you grandpa </3 
USERNAME bc i hate working with u ... you are as slow as shit :( wahh 
USERNAME why do you hate me ? text me back 😭 
that moment when you really wish you could tell someone something , but you know you can't .... 😔 😔 
lost my sun glasses 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
you should come here :( rt USERNAME USERNAME you can come over & cuddle with me if you want *shrug* just a suggestion you know . 
USERNAME from the moment i get up to the moment i wake up my head and stomach hurts sometimes so bad it wakes me up it sucks :( 
bye bye new-york i will miss you 😔 😭 😢 💔 🇺🇸 @ american airlines - admirals club jfk URL 
aria has a runny and stuffy nose & keeps sneezing . :( sinuses suck . stupid weather . 
USERNAME that is very true .. i'm slow ! ! 😞 
at home sippin on dis pinnacle alone :( wish i had sum drinkin buddies ugh 
i just don't have the motivation to care anymore . 😞 i'm tired . 
USERNAME i was gonna come see you tonight but some stuff got in the waay :( 
it's like i don't even get disappointed anymore ... i already expect the worst 💔 
i will get a bad case of nightmares . 😣 
last time i was here ... was with #gssa :-( i had a fake mustache that day ... this day is no different lol URL 
USERNAME and i'm missing it ! ! ! i'm in connecticut w/no cable ! ! :-( ( 
emily is bestie do lyfee and i can't even see her doe :( (( smh 
all i want is a cute fitted alabama shirt to wear on saturdays to work . why can't i find one ? :-( 
USERNAME i even walked home too like at 6:10 from my friends too and then the wind it got worse i got the sniffles :c 
USERNAME i wish i was there boo ! ! 😔 tomorrow night ill make up for it 😉 😉 😉 😉 😉 
USERNAME i didn't mean to unfollow you . my twitter has been hating me lately 😔 
i forgot that what u do best is show ou t.t hats all you know 
USERNAME can't do the entire drive after a demo day anymore . of my new lifestyle . :-( 
what am i going to do for the next 2 hours -.- football game or be home :'( 
USERNAME nice lol hope that's a lot of fun for u lol i have some stupid crossfit competition :( 
USERNAME that sucks i'm a whole hour 1/2 late for work 😔 
USERNAME fuck . i shoulda came home with you denn 😔 
:( threw a pick six and that's the difference in this game right now . 
USERNAME there are no words to describe how much i miss you 😥 😭 😔 😞 😡 
USERNAME aw man , i wish i could ! i work all night today and tomorrow 😔 👎 
USERNAME haha . i hardly check them because don't like the ux . i can't believe my ex-coworkers from webos team designed this :-( 
is it bad that i've been more excited about food lately than anything else ? 😭 
my boys said they miss me :( ... mental note to go visit them soon . #secondfam . 
dont think this is good at all :( hate being sick 
USERNAME aww :( ! well good luck babes ! keep in touch 
phil jackson back , ? about to have these niggas like this 😤 😭 😕 😶 😑 
i just have one thing to say ...... shin splints hurt like a mofo ! try forgetting about them and standing up real fast . owwie :( 
i just wanna know what zach's wearing at the game 😔 
#nothingisimpossible tell that to my husband . he thinks i shouldn't go to college for writing . > :( 
jags game last night ... they sure know how to make your heart hurt 💔 URL 
a month is a really long time . and i still haven't told any of my friends . fuck , i don't know what to do . 😭 😥 😨 
i didn't think i could cry this much over something that happened back in 2001 guess i was wrong . i miss you 💔 💔 💔 
the fact that i'm single and talk to no one 😁 😔 <<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>>><<<<>>>>>>>>>><<<<<>>>>><<<<>>>><<<<<>>>>>>>><<<<<<>>>><<<<<>>>>>><<<<>><<> 
USERNAME no sleep ... just failing again ... as usual ! ! sk tired of failing . > :( 
never thought i'd fall as hard as i did 💔 
my hip needs to fuckin pop but it don't want to ! 💢 😣 
this hurts so much & i can't even say anything about it 😞 
😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #whydiduleavemeagain #mine 😠 👯🙅👭🙍 
💔 🇺🇸 😔 😢 😭 @ american airlines - admirals club jfk URL 
i don't feel good ... my tummy's all bubbly :( 
i really just started crying . when USERNAME walked out the door wit bags i just knew how boring this weekend is gonna be . depressing . 😭 😢 😟 
how's 7 hours for a power nap ? the only bad thing is i slept through the game :'( 
USERNAME ugh , i know ! while i was writing it i kept thinking why couldn't it be real :'( 
i'm that girl that always ends up partying with a bunch of guys by herself . #fml 
walkathon tomorrow at least it'll be about 68 degrees with sunshine :( 
:o ahh my head hurts everytime i think about that :c i didnt diserve that . 
i miss , you too baee :( an hour seems so long ... 
friday night and i'm sitting home , upset and pissed 😔 
USERNAME yes . :c oh . why don't you believe me . ? #porque d: 
the boys keep scaring me , first i swallowed my gum & then they scared me while drinking water . 😞 
USERNAME the school thing was okay i just miss talking to you , but going to my bestfriends house was on me cause the wind :c 
USERNAME did sydnee doo what i told her too ): 
my check looking weeakk .. ): its right tho lol 
USERNAME bummer bro :-( next time well colab and figure out some ish ya dig ? 
well not like my night could get any worse , dropped my iphone and it shattered more . 😔 #notmynight 
USERNAME being a kid sucks cuz i cant buy gac cuz guardians wont let me ughh no #simplysouthern :( 
yup it's cold over here ... i'm already missing texas :( #cold #newyork 
bye bye :-( (@ winchester walk apartments (welsh road)) URL 
#iwillneverunderstand why people , that i thought i trusted in , screw me over . what did i do wrong . > :( 
he probably gonna get the air max 2 . ugh :( im jelly . 
eating as many roundys fruit snacks as possible before christmas since they wont be fun to eat when the braces go on :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME :( miss you too . wish you were here . i wanna see to when i get back . 
USERNAME i miss you guys too aunt denise 😘 😔 👙 💜 💃🌹 
today i kind of regret being extra small , i couldn't find any dresses 😢 
USERNAME i can believe i miss the ellen show so sad i really want to see you guys . i have been talking about it for over a month :( 
my twin is going to hate me this weekend USERNAME 💔 
can i stop being sick during homecoming week 😢 #bummer #dying 
USERNAME i've missed you ! ! ! ! ! 😣 
USERNAME i feel like he doesnt trust me after he did that ): he didnt have a full conversation , but he still sent a message as me . 
i'm pretty positive if mr . erkman could've brought a gun too school and shot me and got away with it , i'd be dead right now . he hated me . :( 
i need to learn how to sleep early so i can get my mind if somethings .. 😔 
i remember when you came over all the time and you would roll a ball back and forth with me while you talked to dad . i wanna go back in time 😭 
i hate it when people are mean to my sister , cause she's too nice to defend herself </3 #sosad 
i don't know how anyone puts up with me . :( 
USERNAME i didn't :( :( i was 5 away so mad 
i miss my baby girl 😔 she at her grandmas for the night ... 
i am pretty sure this is going to be the first time i've missed kali puja festival since 2007 :( 
i wanna go :( a cuddle buddy sounds great right now . 
USERNAME i thought you were in atl and i got excited 😔 
why won't these warts go away :( they just keep multiplying 
#iwillneverunderstand why my husband won't let me do what i want . (education--college) why won't you just be supportive ? :( i want to write . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME can we all have a girls night , like soon ? pleaase 😔 [pouting face] 
ohmygosh i have to get back to work :( ( 
well , it never fails ... service was okay and the food was not good ... i'm very sad now ... no food in my stomach ... :'( 
USERNAME what ! ! ! ! ! no :( i love him ! ! ! ! 
dont think this is good :( hate being sick ! ! ! ! URL 
i need to learn how to sleep early so i can get my mind of somethings .. 😔 
i miss you too , baby ! ! 😭 USERNAME 
:( rt USERNAME brandon roy with a sore right knee , out for the night . 
& he talks about going to disney world twice next year . 😔 thanks a lot disney for making me break my four years olds heart . 
USERNAME i miss you too ! come back :( (( 
good game boo <3 lol i wish we was still playing with each other :( USERNAME 
j is singing everything instead of talking like a normal person #fml #stfu 
growing out my eyebrows is proving to be one of the most difficult things ever , hate the way they look right now 😞 
USERNAME pero ute me va a mandar muchos vn :( 
USERNAME hey you twat . i texted you a question & never got a response :( 
my night was like >>>>> <3 & now its like <<< :( 
another sad night i guess :( really need to go out and get my mind off everything . there is nobody around and no gas to go far :/ 
USERNAME like i seriously think my vpl-vw100 looks better than dlp imax :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm sad i'm missing this game ! what a waste of tickets ... :( ( hope to see you soon ! 
USERNAME son las .6.38 ? ? hahaha no moree football games for me :( ((( 
why is my phone charger so far away from me 😿 #firstworldpains 
"USERNAME yo tomorrow night going in w/ my mama USERNAME wish USERNAME could tag along ): 
USERNAME i miss you ! ! 😢 😢 and i need you 
today was not a good friday .. especially practice 😔 
i miss nebraska . 😔 😭 😢 😞 💔 #home 
USERNAME miss you more ! :( we haven't been apart this long in awhile ! 
USERNAME did i make someone mad on fb :( (( 
i was really hoping oomfs would text me <3 ): 
tonight's dinner: spongebob mac & cheese soup ..... put too much milk in :( 
it's tough dating a waterhead ... they're mean & he wouldn't even buy me a milkshake :( 
me and jenni were supposed to kiss on the jumbotron but we got nervous 😔 USERNAME 
this new abreva concealer cold sore thing- would not work for my cold sores . mine get actually on my lip and get big :( 
16 hour work day and i can't even wind down with a cocktail . :( #preggerproblems (@ the ginger man w/ 2 others) URL 
USERNAME don't feel bad girl i do it every weekend 😒 😔 haha 
mirah said she hate me y'all >> & she suppose be my fave 😭 😭 😭 😭 😩😩😩😫😫😫 😓 😓 😓 
just renewed my subscription to xmradio for $100 a year . not sure if that's a good or bad thing ? :( does anyone else have xm ? ! ? 
USERNAME work ka ngd ya bisan d kpa gd ayo ? 😞 
you ignore my texts , calls , face books all because of this #wtf #makemefeellikeshit #pleaseanwser :'( 
damnit , i was really feeling the zoo tomorrow 😔 
wahh my stomach is starting to hurt again :( i thought i was getting better . 
dammit , we didn't quite get into the wand shop for this show . another 10 minutes to wait in line :( 
wonder if anyone even sees my tweets :( #foreveralone :( 
feel like taking someone out . but nobody to take out 😩 😔 😪 
i didnt think id miss him but i do </3 
if someone doesn't say i look cute in my twitcon i'll hang myself :-( 
USERNAME , man everything best ! im tired / : :( ;( -__- </3 
USERNAME #blown 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME i haven't yet either i don't think they will ever come were i live . :( 
i retweeted it lol i just don't think i'm doing anything wrong ! :( 
my boyfriend is just like my bmw <3 ..... i dont have a bmw </3 #foreveralone 
USERNAME USERNAME oo he dnt wanna see you then lmao jk nd oh okay :( 
a . i . c pajama-jam ! so sad i can't go :( 
i just wanna break down , in tears & let it all out :'( 
and i swear things for me just go from bad to worst :( 
USERNAME oh no honey buns i'm horrifically hideous . .-. </3 
i am in so much pain from these damn wisdom teeth :( #wahh 
is there a band aid for my heart 😥 💔 
i missv USERNAME hockey . i miss USERNAME cotton candy . most i miss seeing and hanging with USERNAME :'( 
i wish USERNAME would go through pictures from this summer 😥 💔 
USERNAME hmm ... not if i'm going through an emotional episode . :( 
USERNAME me too 😣 i promise i'll see you soon . 
USERNAME porque quisiera estar en playas con el clima asi :( 
eveverytime , it never fails . i get the same exact feelings back ! what did u do ! lol :( im about to cry 
i spent $18 wendy's .. and still didn't have shit on kyles $6 feast .. 😔 
USERNAME i wouldn't have seen it anyway 😔 😔 😔 
my but cheeks are frozen , like i can't sit down #fml 
USERNAME i am so sorry :( ( i want them lookin cute . 
football game with my bestfriend >>>> or wait 2 hours for my boyfriend .. ohmygod ! ! ! :( 
the bank doesn't open until monday ... which means i can't eat until monday ): 
USERNAME i only have crew ones right now . 😞 
USERNAME that song is soo depressing ! i heard it like a year ago & my heart broke 💔 
i wanna cute boy to cuddle with . 😞 #soiknowirsreal 
i'm sorry USERNAME :( it'll heal by tomorrow ! #elbowtotheface 
USERNAME lucky ! ! ! 😞 talk to me on whatsapp ! 
USERNAME 😢 ull always be my big princess ! (i got 2 little princess' 😉 ) i love you ! ! ! 😘 💓 
USERNAME i'm crying in pain from cramps and can't even move .... i think everyone else is going out tho 😔 
i wish i were at iubb not working on stats homework > :( 
i am sad because today was my last tigers football game maybe in my life :( 
i wish my family wasn't so upset with each other right now 😞 
i can't dm USERNAME cuz he didn't follow and i know he won't see my tweets this is messed up :( (((( 
USERNAME anche io camomilla :( ho mal di pancia :( ( 
USERNAME not really ... it used to be unfortunately date night was crappy food :( 
i wana c muh scorp .... bt i cnt :( 
kinda sad though , how i wish i could turn back time ! i'm sorry babbyy 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yeah and i was the reason we came close to winning so shut up ! 😔 
okay i just punched the wall because i was pissed i broke my charger and i'm my hand is vibrating now . #fml #angerissues 
USERNAME it really is dog . but cause i don't live in the burg . 😔 
i know im not the best looking person but i pray to god i don't have ugly children 🙏 😳 😭 
USERNAME i know :( me too ! it wasn't easy walking away 
waiting for your response sometimes is heart pounding ... 💔 
i can't imagine how scared charlie is right now :( 
my uncle: i cant go to the store because grandmas too high to go ! ): 
my sister got me the boots i wanted ! & a red blazer ! 😭 if that's what she gets me a regular day , imagine what she'll get me on my birthday ! 
if i lived in new albany i would be hanging out with genuine people who actually care about me . 😔 
this makes me so scared for when i start driving ... :( 
USERNAME i have a new phone :( i dont have it 
i feel like im wasting my time for nothing #dontknowanymore 😔 
USERNAME u aint sorry :-( i wanted to enjoy life to .. im the life of the party but its all good ! ! 
so i love how USERNAME texted me this morning & then doesn't reply till 12 hours later smh smh smh smh ! i so feel the love :( 
my sister made me cry 😢 thanks you asshole . 😞 💔 
USERNAME 💔 💔 💔 💔 soon you'll have even more to edit , duh . 
i'm so glad i have an amazing friend who comforts me on a friday night when i start crying 😫 😭 #sorry #thankyouforeverything USERNAME 
no school until tuesday ! ! ! ! although i will miss my bffl tierra hamill :'( <3 
:( ill stay home . i wanted to go too ! *sigh* 
moma's still not back & the volume is down on her phone ... :( 
USERNAME do you really mean what you say when you're mad at me ? .. i dont ): 
USERNAME at home playing black ops . matt didn't come this weekend :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME right now i only have crew hats ! 😞 
i think i'm coming down with a cold ughh i need love 😔 😉 
who keshun/marco is not coming back like he fucking promised :'( 
i hella want to play soccer in college cus in high school the coaches didn't choose me ⚽ 😔 
USERNAME omg it was so scary ! ! ! ! ! like i can't even ! ! ! 😭 
USERNAME i don't have either of things . sorry 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm nah going to bing ! ! ! i sent diego and jose to rep chappy :( 
USERNAME i was just wondering what you thought about it , or what it could be . maybe that way i would a fighting chance against it :( 
USERNAME i think we can come back , what quarter ? 😧 
cough , cold & flu ! omg ! 💔 tadinho do meu fael ! mae sofre junto ! @ mma house👊 URL 
😔 i just want you here , why doesn't it matter what i want ? 
USERNAME enana ! ! yo mucho muy sad that me no see you for long time .. ): #comebacktome #megaplease ? ! 
USERNAME and USERNAME are awaayy cooler then me . #iwish i was as cool as them :( 
starting to feel the backlash of having a n iphone 5 ... legit can never play my music on ihomes . 😭 😪 
. hate too hear that sad sound in he's voice :( 
finally starting to feel better after a day of vomiting and chills and a fever :-( 
lol all i see is fucked up in my tl , makes me . feel like errbody talking about me :c 
when my snap chat isn't working so i can't see USERNAME and USERNAME pretty faces :( :( 
USERNAME like that was probably the most dramatic event ive ever experienced #neveragain #wah ))) ): 
or not 😭 dish crapped out . living off netflix til sunday . 
USERNAME i know 😞 not ready for xmas yet . looking forward to celebrating thanksgiving w u first ! 😊 🍗 
USERNAME ahh no , i know i suckk ! i am so sorry ! :( (( my mom still says its a go for me though haha 
USERNAME it iss ! ! i know i miss yours more :( 
just watched my brother's last football game ever :( so proud of him . love you USERNAME <3 3 
i had a lot on my plate than i thought i did :c 
USERNAME gotta head cold ! life sucks right now ... 😞 
USERNAME wahh i wish ! ! ! ! no car :( 
the fact that lyndsay just gave me a kiss on the cheek before i left , and told me she loved me . just made my night .. 😢 💜 
USERNAME i just moved out here , don't punish me for it . come back . i'll make you food 😥 
USERNAME people copied me ! ! ! ! > :( 
so like this really hurts . it hurts to think . might've hit my head a liittle too hard ... 😣 
took my nails off . now i feel like i can't function . 😣 💅 
im so lonley . im just watching movies . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME thankss ! ! i wish you were here to be in it ): #wedwinbyourselves 
USERNAME ayy qué suerte , yo no :( sí, son hermosos <3 
next friday is the last time i'll ever wear a star shirt . i still remember the first time i went to star . :( 
USERNAME he'a suppose to protect you , not make noises . :( 
just found out friend pasted away and the funeral is tomorrow in austin . gonna miss the clinic d'lo brown clinic . that sux ! :( 
i’ve spent a good $66 on USERNAME since 2008 an i can’t get a rt 😔 
USERNAME *sniff* *sniff* i wish i lived in la 😑 😭 
t t.t t i really need a hug . and hot chocolate with marshmallows . 
hmm ..... he called me fat .. done hurt my feeling :( 
i learned today that i suck at call of duty ... and video games in general #sadday 
getting a massage tomorrow morning for an hour , soo excited , since USERNAME never gives me one 😢 
this is a handicap for me :( rt USERNAME #pisces are popular due to their easygoing , affectionate , and submissive nature . 
those answers u wanna get , but the question can mess up what u have << 😔 
remy martin on the rocks and some netflix ............... 😒 😔 😕 😞 so sick of being poor . 
USERNAME so you don't want phil jackson back ! ? 😢 
when USERNAME doesn't answer my love you text << 😭 
i haven't ate 1 thing in 2 days 😢 #hungry 
USERNAME lol well you said im not your friend anymore :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ahs goes 3 and out . fake punt . norris at ahs 25. :( ! #damn 
USERNAME i was gonna kill you if you survived ! don't scare me like that girl ! ! ! :( 
can you do powerpoint on an ipad cause if you can idk how to do it 😢 
finally going home . i need to be in my bed all warm cause i'm freezing :-( 
yup this is going to be a long ass weekend #fml 
i think entirely too much that i get scared 😳 😔 ughh 
😩 😿 next time you're home we all need to hangout ! 
USERNAME you should have took care of her :( lol jk no but for real -_- 
i just really wanna take the bike and remind of the shit i live for #sadtweet 
maybe i should start my homework that was assigned 2 weeks ago 😒 😣 
thought medicine was suppose to make you better .... not worse :( 
dancing by myself 😔 hurry up babies USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
#wilton #course #2 #last #class 😭 😊 👍 @ michaels URL 
when your favorite singer (eric church) looks like the person you miss the most ..... it sucks . i miss him :'( #everythingisamemory :'( 
USERNAME your song choices these last 3 weeks have just about killed me . i can explain here in my new blog post ! URL 😭 😩 
damn i think she bouta make me stop 😔 😞 welp 
and i'm here ... buut tony isn't :( (@ merced amtrak (mcd)) URL 
just gonna die here of boredom thanks USERNAME for leaving me her to rot 😞 #sadtweet 
USERNAME aww :( does somone need a hug ? URL 
your tweets are not amusing me while i wait in this tf2 queue . :( 
omgg my best friend might be getting in trouble :( 
USERNAME USERNAME ahh shit . it's real if u used a 🐱 face 😧 
USERNAME i havent cheated on u ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i know :( thanks :( that makes me feel so much better 
i hate to be hungry & then people decide to upload pics of food . #thestruggle :'( 
boo . USERNAME is all pout-y because tomorrow’s food truck event got cancelled . no food truck brunchin’ for us . :( 
i asked my boyfriend what he would do if a girl just came up & started kissing him& he said it depends on who she is .. (omg ): -(badnews) 
USERNAME i just got out of work at its an hour away 😔 
USERNAME she is soo pretty , i love her 😥 😭 
this song , this weather , my bed it all reminds me of the times we had 😔 💔 URL 
USERNAME you guys have always been so awesome ! :( 
i just wanna get drunk so i can forget just how pissed i am at you right about now 😔 😒 
i don't ever want to be 1,600 miles away from you 😖 😢 😭 
i wish i was USERNAME right now 😔 lol . bored as fck in the city 
i'm always the designated driver . i can never turn up :( lol ... i need somebody to drive for my birthday weekend . 
jesus . this kid came to play in jeans and cleats .. you know your in trouble 😔 
it's about that time . go home . kick back & relax ... until i get tired enough to fall asleep , just to wake up at 6 a . m . 😥 
torotodan ozledigim ender insan USERNAME vefasizlik ettigim icin kusuruma bakma :( 
i'm so scared ... i can't figure out how to express how i feel right now ! :( 
just landed in utah ... it's snowing too 😔 , might go snowboarding tomorrow though 👍 
i'm never gonna say hello ... because i don't wanna hear goodbye </3 
please let me not get sick ..... i do not have time for this :( 
mañana entro a trabajar a las 5 am #quegenialmivida 😔 👌 
USERNAME haha mines probally 10 feet away from me it's just 10 feet to far 😔 
“USERNAME first time having to pay for our weed #princessprobs USERNAME #sadday 👸 
USERNAME USERNAME i knoww 😔 sorryy i wus freezin i had to walk their from a friends lmao next time thoo for sure 👍 
USERNAME ohh damn , i'm sorry . :( you're not the only one 
USERNAME USERNAME he refuses to sing for me 😭 💔 
why do i keep thinking you'll make an effort to talk to me ? 😔 #bouttocry 
and i don't want you to move , so i ferl forced to be with you now , so that i don't lose you :( 
USERNAME me to :( home alone . downloading music /: i needs a life 
when i was 💔 my niggas was there for me . 👌 it was only for 3 hrs but ima always remember that ! #loyalty 
USERNAME i love yours cant . wait til mine ge t.t hat long ... imma upload a pic ... 
USERNAME aww i miss you more love ! ! 😭 😭 😭 
i want to kill amanda for making janel this cd for her car 😭 🔫 
watching last episode ... battlestar galactica: daybreak: part 2 (s4. e20 ): URL (w/ moyra at USERNAME — URL 
already upset about having to go to work in the morning 😔 ☕🕙 
i hate having nothing to do this late when i'm not tired 😔 
USERNAME miss you :( i'm in bakeshop n don't get to play around anymore :( work work work 
couldn’t get a good pic of jordyn wieber for USERNAME though :( 
USERNAME wahh i would but i homee 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME yeah , other than wishing i was in dallas this weekend . but randy has to dj , so we couldn't go :-( 
i miss cancun ... and my grandparents . so much . 😥 
ughh fuck you 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
karlee and devin are leaving me :( twerking by myself tonight :( 
got a letter from the school im going to , made my heart drop ! im fucking graduating soon ! :( 
they . wont even let me play ! ! ! :( ((( 
USERNAME 😢 😩😩😩😩😩 i'll make it up to you sunday ❤ 
so while i'm at home grounded these mothafuckers playing beer pong :c 
boo-boo panties 😔 were showing today ! so she had to get a wedgie👆👆 
😿 rt USERNAME USERNAME thanks for one of the best sets at USERNAME last night . USERNAME missed out . USERNAME 
USERNAME you didn't go approve my married request on facebook yet :( 
shit i haven't tweeted all daayy ! dude USERNAME and i babysat the cutest boy ever today 😭 URL 
USERNAME all i ever want to do is watch the lion king ..... #sadtweet #christmasiscoming (; 
USERNAME oh my god alexandra greenbaumm i miss you so muchh you dont understandd i think im gonna cryy 😭 
bored ... wishing i was with you ! ! # 😔 
USERNAME yeah . 😔 . hopefully she realizes it soon . 
i really do not have nothing to do need USERNAME :( right now 
i hate the holidays and my birthday , and guess what's both coming up ? :( 
USERNAME :( take em off a car like yours ... ? 
5 minutes left till the lap closes and i'm not done yet . 😞 #s @ school of visual arts - photography building URL 
USERNAME trust me .. if i could i would . i miss you too 😔 
it's depressing that i haven't seen USERNAME in awhile :( 
USERNAME mm .. they aint much of a help here :( college town 
USERNAME ahh so sad i had to miss your meet today :( i'm sure you did great darling ! ! live you bunches ! ! 
USERNAME what ? ! i've been trying to call you 😔 
miss you little :'( we'll go crazy next weekend ! ! ! ❤ 😘 rt USERNAME everyone's talking about their bigs and i miss mine :( 
exactly 1 year ago i cut my hand open with glass ... guess history rly does repeat itself . #fml #justmyluck #er #round2 URL 
USERNAME does spotify renew the $10 a mo . automatically ? i'm almost up on my free trial :( and still have ricky martin .... 
USERNAME i had a boil and the dr had to cut it open to drain it😷 😢 
lets just be honest . why was today so horrible . 😢 
USERNAME if the bed is a rockin don't come a knockin . 😭 
i have more music memories at fakehaus than any other venue :( rt USERNAME rt USERNAME end of era in west philly . fake haus was sold 
i ate burger king and now my tummy aches//: not a poop ache like something stabbing me from the inside ): i did not want to have it this way . 
pretty sure pumpkin got hit by a car .... please be ok baby :( 
i hope quinton come over tomar , but he probably won't :( 
USERNAME i know . why is that ? ? ? everybody loves him . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
goodbye marching band season .... and finally farewell west side story .... :( 
seriously can't wait to see the boys on ellen , oh wait i have softball so i can't see it :( 
USERNAME i had a boil and my dr cut it open yesterday to drain it 😷 😢 😔 
USERNAME i did :( & they didn't send results yet . 
i miss USERNAME just , umm ... a whole lot . :( #comebackintomylifejohn 
i keep accidentally favoriting shit :( my phones going psycho 
worst thing in the world ; seeing my best grind bawl her eyes out 😢 
USERNAME and sadness beholds me :c hmm well lets do something next weekend , piercing party or whaa ? ;d 
i wish USERNAME would talk on the phone with me :'( 
USERNAME i know i'm so bummed :( i hope you guys are having fun though , the loft is a good time 
we open the season with a loss to chattanooga=not looking good for our season :( #ladyvols #iwantpatback 
USERNAME yes ! too bad it had to end :( 
you told me it would be different this time but that only lasted for a day ): 
we lost :( but its okay . thy played there hearts out <3 #alwaysacobra 
USERNAME yeah , i haven't figured that part out yet . :( 
got brownies and star crunches but scared to eat them :c 
jake would rather cuddle with corey than me :( #lonely 
so sad i'm not at the house of blues tonight :'( #collidewiththesky USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
it’s so difficult to watch two of my boyfriends fight each other . :( javier bardem or daniel craig ? 
USERNAME oh my gosh ! i totally forgot it was your birthday today ! i feel awful ! 😭 i hope you had an amazing day baby cakes ❤ happy birthday 💜 
USERNAME don't front me on fb . i'm sorry :( 
but i waited all summer for this opportunity 😔 😒 
i wanna be real but i don't wanna get hurt again :( 
been a minute since i've had a margarita ans this shit has me feeling right ..... i can't even finish it :-( 
staying in for the weekend because i'm sick as fucck . #fml 
i hate that the team i do the most and spend the most time with , treats me so horribly , like beyond what any normal person should endure :( 
if anyone feels like keeping my miserable and sick butt company tonight i'm all awone 😥 
i feel like i honestly have no one to talk to and it sucks so much :( 
i definitely need a massage , i sore all over :( 
i want to be holly madison so i can have a million pets and spend all my time at disney :( 
i wonder if you ever wish she was me . </3 #sadthought #inmyfeelings 
USERNAME USERNAME have fun ! ! ! ! ! post a lot of pics ! i didnt end up going :( 
fuckk here we go , here we go again ! lets get it . 😔 😒 
USERNAME yea :( i wud have decked it to i can't have a fast car that's why i drive trucks 
memory lane hit me right about now ! i remember orientation like it was yesterday ! :( 
watching our guys scrimmage and geez i miss basketball so darn much ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 🏀🏀 
please get your hammer out of my head .... feelin sick :( 
mad tired .. n i still got a couple hours left ! :( 
i'm back at the hospital ! stupid ass cough #ugh #sick 😞 thank you jackieflo @ valley presbyterian hospital URL 
the day i wana drink everyone is being lame #fml 
i have nobody to talk to ! ! 😔 😏 
all i want right now is to hear your voice :( 
USERNAME i enjoy them ... ur my twitter fav . :( sorry 
USERNAME well thats the only way i can actually talk to you :( 
as soon as i hit the road tomorrow turning my bby off ! ! ! ! right now i feel like 😡 💢👊👊✨💢 until i finish taking all my 😤 out 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME how are you doing bb ! ? ! ? ! what's wrong 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME i saww you at the movies on my birthday , and you didnt say hey :( 
i wish i knew what it was like to have someone actually like you back .. #ifeelsoalone 😞 
USERNAME these suburbs and whatnot really confuse me . and i'm tired . :( 
USERNAME same here and i'm at wrk ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
no chillin' zone . 😔 @ campus corner bus stop URL 
USERNAME en usa puedo conseguir el manuscrito encontrado de accra en español ? no lo encuentro en amazon :( 
i don't like when stuff like that happens under my supervision .. :( :'( 
USERNAME i am passed out . 1800 did a girl some good .... too bad i am single :-( 
USERNAME me too . and i have an unfulfilled queso craving :( 
my phone only has 2% but i'm so comfy and dont wanna move :( #fuck 
USERNAME aaww fuck my phone ! :( i was hungry as fuck too .. 
this sports bra killing me and these pants hurting me vjj :( 
this night just turned to shit . i need plans . :( 
that moment when you sit in a public place for an hour waiting for someone to show up ad they never do . 💔 👎 #ouch #toomanytears 
the kids got me sick . the cough that comes and goes . sore throat , dry coughs :( 
USERNAME i know :-( you were the one in mind , at least you noticed though ! 
got a good shift on black friday i come in when the madness is gone thank god ! but i come in to clean up 😔 
so much for being happy ... oh well .. at least i have a job now what's everyone's plans tonight because i'm single :( #somuchforahappyending 
i hate living in dhs ! ! ! i'm stuck at home all alone :( 
i cannot stand the smell of cleaning products . they make me gag :( 
and it's the time when i'ma always be fucken cold 😭 
USERNAME shut up ! ! ! hahaha don't be mean :( 
USERNAME cinema just came on ! :( aww ! i miss my hollywood treasure ❤ 
now be honest with my twitter :( are my eye brows too dark for my hair ? or too dark in general ? URL 
noo i am so upset nastasia got voted off :( #antm i loved her , she was gorgeous 
why do i have so much trouble with being alone ): 
mouth hurts way too much right now . 😥 👎 
laying in bed all comfy with ur light on and wishing all u had to do was clap for it to turn off :( 
not getting to talk to you anymore annoys me ... 😞 😒 
USERNAME i need you to teach me how to shoot :( #nobodytoteachmehow 
reading that message was one of the hardest things i've had to do in my life ... #sadtweet 
getting my mind set ready 2 make a classic feel good record(- :( -: 
USERNAME aww stop ! i didn't know yous were actually hanging tonight ! i'm salty :( 
USERNAME adrian :( answer me i wanted to go to victoria gardens 
can i just die already , alex puked i did and megan did . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME why i ain't get no love ? :'( 
i'm such a chicken when it comes to being home alone 😞 😒 😒 😣 
i can't take it when my love ones cry ... 😥 
i love being curled up in bed with a good disney movie when i'm sicky :( 
wishing USERNAME would follow you . ! ! 😥 💔 
#ripchris he missed one hell of a prank :'( USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME so i realized i never answered lol but sadly no ): plane was too expensive ! i will for xmas though ! ! ! 
just broke a sweat and killed my buzz sprinting to the new terminal 😞 
USERNAME babby :( tomorrow's your b day , gotta be happy *; 
oh no ! :-( rt USERNAME USERNAME i'm on day 12 too 😒 
USERNAME :-( new beginnings is a part of growing wiser ♥ 
i haven't cried during cheerleading all season until today . this stomach pain is horrible . 😭 😥 
the fact that i have to be up at 5am ... 😔 🔫 ... 
wasting my friday nigh t.t hanks ravi for holding us back . 
USERNAME USERNAME oo last na . :( ang sad . 
last photo i took ... before i saw my new #iphone5 fall screen first on a concrete floor ! 😢 😢 @ fiesta mexicana URL 
i know the seniors all took this hard . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME love you guys ! we were there but had to leave before y'all were done with pictures :( 
should have never dyed my hair .. these split , dry ends are really getting to me now . 😢 
i just wanna curl up in a ball and cry . #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME if not imma just die at home :( 
that awkward moment when your friend wants to see pics of your ex and you accidentally send them a friend request #fml :/ USERNAME 
USERNAME haha ! esque pues .... :-( no tengo tu telefono :-( 
when both of your feet are asleep . #laughinglikeanidiot #fml 
i really wanted to go to the game w| him ): maan 
g . m .. i miss the road when i went to home in seattle 😭 💔 #saudi #seattle #us #uw #usa #home @ lake city way URL 
#oomf said he doesn't like high school relationships .. :( 
the weather isn't looking too too promising this weekend :( URL 
i take it my daddy aint coming to get me :( 
omg so hungry but i'm having trouble holding water down ugh :( (( 
kibrisa gitmesin ya :( ben gelcem turkiyeye o kibrisa gitcek :( 
i think i'm going to cry seeing my seniors on the field for the last time :'( 
USERNAME sorry ! ): i didn't think you'd care ! 
USERNAME no cause' my stupid grandparents evepect me to be perfect . i want my mom and dad back ): fml 
picking up some provisions for my poor baby ... he's not feeling well ... :( (@ h e b) URL 
so kc and i come to walmart for make up and she grabs the lightest shade ever and says 😞 
i still can't find my ed hardy scarf .. so depressing . that's my favorite one . 😔 
i'm real mad that i just went to valley and realized that i arrived 30 minutes late . they wont let me in . #fml 
ugh i want to go to the beach ☀🌴 😥 
USERNAME sadly i didn't take the test ): but when i do trust me i will ! i went but i need my birth certificate . 
i just wanna spend tnight w/ oomf .. shit aint gon happen tho 😔 
USERNAME i'm home , but i am changing into something else and stuff . prob be over in 10-15 mins . i can't spend the night though ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm a perfectionist , stop judging me . 😭 😭 😭 
reading that message was one of the hardest things i have had to do .. #sadtweet 
in other news ... i don't wanna come home tomorrow ! :( #florida4lyfe 
it makes me really sad to see old men eating by theirselves at a restaurant . :'( 
USERNAME girl , you're not the only one . 😔 
USERNAME yeah lets be honest my mom loves everyone .... except for me </3 
USERNAME week in south euclid and your bout to go to bed ! :( 
i know this girl light skin beautiful smile , talked but havent seen her in a while :( 
USERNAME oh noo ! ! sending love & well wishes to ms . diana ! ! :-( 
bad way to start my night . finding out broomfield got shut down . :( #damnyoucityandcounty 
being sick literally is miserable , and having to wake up early in the morning . 😔 #yuck 
USERNAME i wish you were out with me ): i shall take a shot for you . 
in gonna break down in tears when parenthood ends 😭 
i got a fuckin toothache dis shit killin me 😔 😔 😁😁 
i really miss keiauna :( she was the sweetest person ever 
this is what face i'm making because i have a lot of hw ! :( 
USERNAME who is that dude hittin you up on tumblr 😦 
so much love #ldvb 😭 💚 💚 💚 💚 💚 💚 💚 💚 💚 
USERNAME wow ms nancy ... ur makin me wnna cry ..... i thnk i'll call my dad now 😢 
i wish i had a body like a victoria secret model #wishfulthinking 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i dontt i love you both 😔 😘 ❤ 
i wish my little sister was here , USERNAME :( 
if you feel some type of way about my tweets awee boo . :'( find your life . 
i'm going to miss the seniors so much ! 😔 
hyena , alarm clock , fire alarm , squeaky toy and mouse .... all words to describe my laugh ..... #fml 
i've spent all day with my mom today . why didn't i do this years ago ? 😭 
these so called funny twitter pages that be URL reps low key :( 
arctic monkey distracted me so i couldnt get a screen shott :( ((( why ? ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME why ? ? ? when ? ? that's so sad ! ! :( 
USERNAME wow what the hell ! ! ! are you going to be okay for your party tomorrow ? ! ? ! :( 
USERNAME ): i'm sorry . make tyler teach you . 
USERNAME 😧 i will ! i'll make you thanksgiving dinner 🍷🍗 
USERNAME smhh i see you forgot about me again :( 
don't leave me thinking cuz i kill peoples souls .... :-( 
omg ! my furby said his first english words 😭 im so proud ! ! 
best friend left /: watching anaconda by myself ;c still sad </3 *sighs* #horriblenight . 
who loses a whole blunt ? ! lmfao , i do .. 😔 😒 🙍 
home from macon and i am now broke 👎 😭 💸 #shopaholic #canthelpit 
first swim meet tomorrow , and i'm doing the 200 i . m ... kill me . just kill me now . #gonnasink #fml USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i hope you aren't just being sweet just to get access to the cupboard . i would be devastated 😥 
jealous of everyone at the comeback inn .... i need their breadsticks :/ and i miss friends </3 #bummed #workinggirlproblems 
when your job makes you bawl right when you get in the car ... pretty sure it's a sign you need a new job :( #badday 
USERNAME i hope whatever it is works outs for the best of you and whoever it is ): 
USERNAME i was too i was boutta loose my #beautifulraccoon :( 
on our way back to fresno ! 😢 😪 @ the worst place to run out of gas . URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm so jealous ! i'm stuck at work reading your twitter updates :-( #envy 
USERNAME when kristen leaves and you get all upset :( thats how you know its bestfriend d; * 
im so used to sleeping with my boyfriend <<<>>><<>> i need him here 😢 
i don't like it when my sissy USERNAME is sad and i can't be there for her . 😔 
USERNAME lawl . i wish i could afford that much time off work :( 
USERNAME my mom told me she saw you when me and her went to walgreens . i didn't see you ! :( 
broke my iphone today .. 😥 😔 😭 😭 😭 😭 but i will be getting another one very soon 💔 glad the front didn't break ! ! ! ! 💔 
going home to write a paper & take 3 quizzes sounds awful 😔 
i didn't get a big booty hoe for my birthday 😫 😞 💔 
USERNAME you can come keep my concussed head company since i'm not supposed to be tweeting but i'm lonely 😔 
no , no , no , no , noo ! ! come on :( 
hell no this bitch just used my favorite cereal bowl > :( 
i have my o . g under my bed i lost my light :c 
#artiststhatsavedmylife #beyonce USERNAME USERNAME ⬅ thr #breakupsongs helped me alot 💔 
USERNAME yes but now i'm getting an ice coffee by myself :( lol #lonerlife 
USERNAME i'll try but i just don't know how . :( 
hating everything today and not even food from la esperanza could cure 😭 
i still cant believe your leaving in less than 2 months :( as soon as senior year is done im getting on that plane & visiting you . 
seeing USERNAME on the field one last time made me and elsa cry :'( 
oomf needs to text me and make me feel better :( 
USERNAME lol i know apenas me di cuanta lol pero ya vez aqui miss picky lol noo im soo slim :( maybe para la night pero este para el day 
USERNAME why u leave ? ? ? this was suppose to be the best wknd ever , u ruined it ! ! 😿 
USERNAME i was wondering why you did . -_- 😔 yeah my twitter probably looked like some pisces horoscope devoted freak .. 
i wish USERNAME would hurry up 😔 😪 😥 😢 😓 💔 
USERNAME yeah :( she jumped out of my arms and ended up hurting herself and died before we could do anything . absolutely heartbreaking . 
it hurts me when i can't give my sister what's she wants 💔 😓 
if im there for you then you should be there for me . when i dont look for you is when i need you the most :( ( 
i don't think i've ever felt this stressed out 😤 😥 
biofreezing the shit out of my shoulder , what pain 😭 
but really ... i'm so lonely someone talk to me :( 
USERNAME sorry you feel so bad ! when it rains it pours . hope you feel better #suckstobesick 👎 😢 
hmm ! voodoo juice :( ) (@ skylark diner) URL 
i would get stopped at some stupid freaking check point with my license and not knowing my social :( 
im pretty sure i accidentally told a senior at the game today my biggest secret and he said well talk ablut it later .... great ..... 😞 #salt 
my cousin won't take me to the projects ): #firstworldproblems 
that can't be true because they are a beautiful partner .... :( 
USERNAME that's true , these were my back up because i busted my dr . dre beats headphones :( 
omg , those couples on the novelas that look so happily in love :c 
am i the only one who cries during scary movies ....... 😭 
i feel like such a little kid when my feet don't touch the ground 😔 #shortgirlprobz 
three puppies have been sold tonight . it's so sad seeing them go 😔 
USERNAME bwahahaha i hope you made a lot of cash :{ 
USERNAME haha i'll try . i'm sure you'll have a better time than me #sadtweet #justkidding #goodfriendsgoodtimes 
USERNAME you're so close , but so far . URL USERNAME :( aww 
wntz my light off but ii cnt move tweh turn it off ... #mylegzhurt :( 
it's friday .... i have no plans . what is happening :( 
why is the halo campaign so short ? like maybe 6 hours of play time . i prefer rpg :( 
USERNAME i know .. i'm sad now ! :( smh 
USERNAME omf . alex i just read more of your tweets .. :( if you wanna talk , i'm here .. 
USERNAME i know :( we're all so sad . she was precious . 
i've been up on only 1 he of sleep :( 
USERNAME i'm at my bosses house :( i should be home by 11 or so ... come pick me up with the truck and we can get alchy;) 
well goodnight . basketball final try outs tomorrow . #nervous #scureed :c 
2013 and you still cant hang 😒 💔 😢 💔 😪 💔 
i can't believe USERNAME is moving to winsconsin ! ! ! 😔 😳 
hate: wen you gt on the phone wth ppl && dey nva tlk bout nun . be the most borin convo eva :( 
i'm staying single for a while cause i be fucking with the wrong type of girls ✌ 💔 🚶 
USERNAME you blew my cover 😥 i asked you not to say anything 
when your driving and you get a cramp on your foot >>>>> fuuck :'( 
what ? ? ? crying ? ? :( ( gosh i can imagine it omgosh he such a cutie . 
USERNAME i'd love it if my manager didn't hate me :( 
why do you always gotta do this to me omg #makeupyourmind 😡 💔 
rt USERNAME aww , i miss you more :( :*** i love you ! 
USERNAME that still upsets me that you haven't had a thanksgiving in so long . 😔 thanksgiving should be a required law . 👍 
ending my day off with food poisoning :( so glad jess is here w me . 
home early on a friday night .. what is up with my mood right now ? 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME haha wow i wish my neighbors was cool ): 
maybe you will soon realize that you wrong before its to late i love you dearly but it's gettin to hard to just wait 😔 😔 😔 
i'm going to be so creeped out tonight .. 😦 
USERNAME wish you were in jersey ... i need someone to cuddle n eat baked ziti with </3 
why am i the one who feels guilty ? ? that's not really fair . i guess i'm the only who has a fucking conscience . this is bullshit . 😩 😥 😢 😔 😞 
i wish my job wasn't open on the weekends . 😔 
i know a lil freak at utsa she be giving head all times of the day 😭 
going home makes me remember all the times we spent together . i miss him more now than ever . :( #comehome #35days USERNAME 
i'm bored as shit , i wanna go out tonight ! or at least hang out with somebody :( 
USERNAME cuz u left me ! :( and no ! ! and i lost my id ! i have to buy me some new earrings i loved them earrings too 
so sad :( . go visit before they close ! "USERNAME the galaxy cinema in cary closing on sunday URL 
when USERNAME doesn't text me back 😔 😔 😔 😒 😒 <<<<< 
can my life jus come to an end right now ? tired of feeling this way :'( 
yeah not liking the new partner at all ! i miss jackie 😔 
im tired of faking my smile ! i need that person to give me my real smile ! ! #sadtweet 
USERNAME my phone is being stupid and isnt recieving or sending the texts . :'( 
ck 😭 little miss piggy strikes again ! ! couldnt resist a homemade pho ! ! 🍜🍜 #pho #bomb @ sandunes burrow URL 
USERNAME me to ): did you do anything fun on your friday night ? haha 
USERNAME bad news . everyone already knows . :-( #worstsecretever 
cuddling alone because tyler is always working 😔 i feel #forever alone ... 
i hate the fact that everything's broken and there's nothing i can do to fix it 😔 #injuredpeopleproblems 
back at home . tried doin some fishin but had the pole in the water for an hour and not a single nibble on shrimp :( URL 
i wanted to be the one less lonely girl :( 
USERNAME i use to have it lol , but i deleted it :( but i legit want a color sesh 
i miss the late nights drives with USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME jon & brian 🚙 💔 🌌 😔 
no creo :-( i looked it up rt "USERNAME creo q en plaza las americas debe de ver o en los outlets“USERNAME 
USERNAME thats the same thing quan said to me last night i was hurt she coulda talk to me about it i know she hurting :( awe my sister 
i have has the worst mood swings lately 😔 #periodproblems 
my grays are out of control , y'all ! :'( #25goingon60 URL 
my friends are gay , they're all hiding from me :( 
i'm so scared to see how much my bill is going to be ! ! 😳 😩 😧 💵 stupid drinks ! 🍹 
USERNAME the worst part of the show tonight was when it ended . ): 
USERNAME yo no carreteo acá ! sólo en ocasiones especiales además si tuviera planes no me da el cuero ! estoy raja ... como anduve de elvira :( 
USERNAME how long will the website be up ? what will be next for all of you ? 😢 
i hope the bug going around isn't to severe . my poor spurs are sickie 😥 
USERNAME how can our friendship be worked on ? #iwannafixus </3 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sabias palabras ! el problema es cuando uno se encapricha con un solo libro :'( 
no , please don't text me while i'm out with my friends ! :( 
USERNAME so sad you didn't even think twice about my cookies :( 
USERNAME hell yea lol 😖 😖 😖 😖 😖 😖 i'm not liking this ha :( 
wish bayy wuz hera tweh keep mehh company cuz im tweh bored .. #ugh :( 
USERNAME i was to when you said you was moving :( 
USERNAME just realized i'm still forever alone .. #sadtweet #haha #pathetic 
watching old kids movies iused to like #allbymyself . 😣 
my mom nd dad came down to see me but they in austin 😭 
“USERNAME USERNAME 😁 URL 😦 why no ! how dare you i have never in my 20 years seen such buffoonery ! ! 
losing my iphone had to be the worst thing that could happen to me :( 
USERNAME wtf is wrong with you 😭 😭 😭 hahhahaha 
all i want for my birthday is a big booty ... cupcake 😔 
USERNAME esta aburrida :-( si estubiera yo aya , ya hubiera ido por ti ! 
USERNAME i'm sorry sis ): two weeks . cross my heart 
USERNAME he's still fucking calling me . every damn night he blows up my phone 😡 😡 😡 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME wtf ? my phone spazzed out and i couldn't finish the last round 😔 😒 
i just no it i just never no wat to do .. i just get sad a just face it . :( 
so over trying to convince you of the fact that our son should come before your friends . it's breaking my heart :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME lucky ass i'm sittin in my room by myself cuz all my friends went home :( 
i thought i was gunna get to see USERNAME tomorrow 😔 😩 lol 
i wish all the cool kids from sa would visit me in colorado springs 😔 💔 
USERNAME why ? ? ? we miss u esha :( #sadface 
seeing all the twitards on tv makes me sad . i wish i was picked to camp out . so so sad 😞 😢 #twilight #twilightsaga #breakingdawn #teamedward 
i wanna cry just can't bring myself to do it . i love them hounds . great game , just came up short . ughh 😔 
next weekend better be good > :( i wana enjoy my birthday . 
my buzzy boy , ate mad food while we was out<<<< :( #mypuppy #buzzlighter 
early work meeting tomorrow at 7 ... #fml #itsfridaynight :( 
or just continue to listen to those songs that bring back memories rather then those that illustrate in my head the way i feel v.v 
USERNAME okay voy a tratar sino hoy sigo tratando mañana es q el telefono me esta fallando :( 
mestilah ... u tau kan i ni cepat jeles .. sampai hati u :( 
november has got to b the worst month for me every year since tragedy struck my life 4years ago , but life goes on and so has mine 😣 😞 😢 
i miss you summer . i don't like seeing my breath when i am outside :( 
USERNAME ha to you but not to me . ): 
#iwillneverunderstand why guys hurt the ones that love them ... ): 
USERNAME i would ): you need to come over asap 
USERNAME i ran over my first animal today :( made me sick to my stomach ... hope you're ok though #roadhazzards 
USERNAME :( i was just watching videos of me playing . :'/ 
she dnt fckn get it 😔 😞 😒 😩 😧 
ma girl has me being a cupcaken ass . 😔 🎂🍰 lol serio 
when me and USERNAME are together i'm never not laughing . miss my babe 😔 
i like how my cousins tweet but don't tweet me ☹ 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i wouldn't be surprised . i'm in my mid 50's and diabetic my physician will not prescribe for me :( 
literally so stressed out i just wish it were tomorrow night 😣 
USERNAME i'm sorry for yours too dev 😔 but it just takes time . we can get through it 
90%sure i just ate ranch dressing 😢 😭 😡 ew 
justin is all upset :( this is not ok . 
it was so sad seeing everyone crying 😭 😭 😭 
i am gonna miss USERNAME so much ! i will always love you ! ! ! 😔 😚 
my espn app still has rangers games on my upcoming games . just take then off . it's a sick , cruel , teasing reminder 😢 
the pain will never go away . . . 😢 
ko pomenu sarmu ima da mi kleči u ćošku , pa bre nisam dotičnu omirisao skoro tri godine . nije svejedno :( 
getting your nails done is great an everything until one comes off holy fuck 😫😩😤 😣 
sam was saying you guys are going to san diego the tuesday after it comes out 😭 ? 💔 
USERNAME i wasn't able to go :( i am in atlanta for the weekend 
what my mom just said to me thouu :-( :-( :-( :-( 
words cannot describe how bad my head hurts right meoww 😿 
USERNAME awhh i do remember that ! i miss those times . :( 
USERNAME mmkaay :( didnt see you in class so i got worried . take care of yourself <3 
everyone got a fuckin mission lined up but me :( 
help me ! my toy is stuck :( #macymay URL 
i feel as though i deserve better than what i'm settlin for 💔 
USERNAME well ... that's what i thought ... if u came this week ... i was going to give u ... but ... :( 
USERNAME i wish you still lived closer . meaning still in the danger zone at coachlight :( 
USERNAME my prayers go out to you and moms . 😥 
USERNAME looll will do . i feel bad for you :( would you like me to reunite you and sleep ? ill put in a good word . 
USERNAME USERNAME what ? ? ? ? omg ! no ! :( 
phone died ! ! :( USERNAME lmao ! send me a picture of my room ! ! lol 
i hate how i couldn't make the last game 😞 #bummed 
USERNAME me too ! ahh , i wanted to play club so bad . :'( 
where the freak to parents get the names for there kids from . sometimes i be like 😦 
sliced my 👍 on this sucker :'( @ clashville URL 
i wish i was with my best friend tonight :( 
USERNAME so you would kill your pudd ! ? :( 
must resist . must stay in and pretend to write paper . 😭 🍺🙏 
i'm watching & every time she cry i cry . i'm such a whimp :( 
my wrist it's throbbing omg it hurts . so bad :c 
USERNAME it is for me too , i dunno why . :( 
USERNAME if i can't call soon ima go to sleep :( without you :/ 
anyone wanna let me come over so i can do nothing at your house ? it's more fun doing nothing together than alone 😔 haha . 
USERNAME i hope you feel better baby . :( i miss you in school ! 
USERNAME :'( so sad . ice that shit , pain killers , stop stressing that spot . 
USERNAME that's not fair :( ((((( smh gosh atl is something else like i'm paying 400 to be in the front it should include the m&g 
biggest fear is that i'm gonna lose my dad because of him smoking ... 😞 
i have to work tomorrow . time&1/2 but i'd rather be in bed . :( 
USERNAME i am ! last night 😢 💔 it was beyond fabulous ! 
this is exactly how i want to spend my friday night . #fml 
when your bff says she misses you :'( #loveher #sisters4life 
USERNAME ahahaha ! ! like right now i just wanted to retweet you and couldn't ! 😢 but that's why i haven't privatized mine yet lol . 
for real , i don't get this . :( #soupset 
USERNAME well a lot of people still hated me . d: and i'd like explode of sadness if i didn't get to visit ... :c 
its a friday night and no one to cuddle and watch this movie with me :( 
wanna see oomf . he too busy for me anyway ✋ 😔 
all the people i used to be considerably close with have all turned into dumb bitches . 😳 😔 
USERNAME just picked up yogis ! ! i'm screwed for the rest of the night 😥 😥 
devastated . #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml #fml 
USERNAME true . the whole plot is just really sad :( 
lol that awkward moment when you bring up something nobody else remembers but you 😔 
working with assisted living can be rough sometimes . 😥 #sad 
i can't even watch netflix :( tonight is gonna be a long fucking night 
too moody tonight ........... guess that means bedtime for me :-( 
this will be the my first thanksgiving & christmas with out my granny . i sure do miss her more than i could have ever imagined . 😓 😔 
so much for that and so much for my boots… 😭 😞 😒 
i hate when come wake me up comes on my shuffle 😔 
“USERNAME “USERNAME i hate long distance relationships . . 💔 😔 
ready to get off work 5 more hours 😔 👎 
“USERNAME just want to be with those two pals right there ...... 😔 URL aaww ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ 
it really sucks , but i wouldn't trade the past year for anything # 💔 
USERNAME lol i can't go anywhere im really sick :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME d gurl i will make hatud the relief goods para sa staten island ☹ 
USERNAME she added me and i thought it was a little girl she's 14. 😭 😭 😭 😭 
this will be my first thanksgiving & christmas with out my granny . i sure do miss her more than i could have ever imagined . 😓 😔 
USERNAME oh dang we lost 😔 .. - facepalm - 
USERNAME i really miss you on the show ! 😞 
why do i randomly have coughing fits when i lay down 😞 
omfg i didnt even know iration and the expendables had a concert tnight 😭 💔 
cold sores suck so much . im in so much pain :( 
i see it now .. i was not there and some one came and care for her and it because of me :( 
i want to go to sleep but i can't :c 
USERNAME 😞 😔 aww it's just a show . it's better than you watching jersey shore or some other crazy show . 
USERNAME wait what ! no i won't allow you to get lost ! i'd miss you too much , twinnie . 😭 text me if you need to talk about something ! <3 
USERNAME aww :( :( *hughughuugs* chicken and stuff then , maybe ? 
i still wanna see a christmas carol at the palace theatre 😭 
anyone wanna pay pal me some monies ? i are a poor student :( #pathetic 
wth ! i cant find my chucks :( they disappeared :( 
USERNAME i wiish . i'm strapped for cash right now and stayed upstate :'( 
i miss san diego ! :( (@ seaport village) URL 
everyone i like is either older then me , to attractive , or has a girlfriend . why me ? :( 
i need a phone and some friends ... i've been talking to myself since 12 ... smh 😔 
USERNAME i didn't even get a chance but to text twice smh ): 
USERNAME so u have a ride to go there :-( .. loca 
USERNAME gi delete ko sa fb ni bonleon ;/ nganu kaha :( 
sweet . n . fiesty . at t.t he . same . damn . time 
USERNAME i hate you bc i'm obsessed with you and i was looking forward to getting shitty with you 😔 
USERNAME :( i'm hip . but changess aree good cousinn ! hows school ? when you coming home ? 
love her ! ! cant believe the nights almost over :( URL 
if i didn't have a hair appointment tomorrow i would so be visiting USERNAME right now 💔 
i sat on my glasses and now they're crooked 😔 
i wanna go to lubbock tomorrow & go shopping ! but my mom can't go anymore 😔 
somebody come hang out with me . i hate being alone . i get scurrd :( ( 
saw USERNAME parents tonight , we were reminiscing on the good ms . leola days #missyou 😢 
i've been waiting for my dad for 3 hours ... where this bitch at ! :'( #scarred #darkhouse 
i think i'm getting sick :( it hurts to swallow #wahh 
things turned around :( this is the most boring friday in a while ... 
i can't believe what i just received USERNAME USERNAME 😦 😦 😦 😬😬😬 ❤ ❤ ❤ 
this f7cckimngjfdihf picture won't tweet . its of me bein a big girl & takin a shot too :( what thee fuck ! 
USERNAME no cause if not you'll have my eyes . and mine are just brown :( plus you have bad eye site . 
USERNAME 😣 its so boring & i jst woke up hungry 😩 
hearing this rat squeal <<<<< so sad 😔 😞 😓 😥 
last thing i texted him was i can't believe he might die :'( #getwell 
USERNAME wait for me ! ! :( i csn be ready by 8 .. :( (((( 
USERNAME you have all weekend for that , but okay 😔 
USERNAME my dad does not agree ! ! ! ! ! ! ! bcos he has tattoos my dad doesn't like tattoos > :( 
USERNAME you never say hi to me in art :( . 
USERNAME must be working . i miss her ! :-( but as long as USERNAME USERNAME r here . i'm humble ! 
why did i decide to watch this movie 😭 😭 #crying #sleepingalone #dying 
USERNAME i know i am 😭 i miss you more ! 
awh miss u too ashh 💚 rt USERNAME i miss USERNAME and USERNAME 😢 😪 
USERNAME i get that a lot :( i wass jkaaying thoo ! no but forreals hmu tomorroo 
wish i could come stay wiff you :( #girlfriendwithdrawals USERNAME 
ok i miss talking too USERNAME every day :( #waahh #imissalabama 
missing my lil princess right now wishing she was laying beside me in bed :-( 
USERNAME ughh so lucky ! i wanna move up north . but i'll miss you at work 😔 
USERNAME is ripping noel right now . saying he doesn't move on offense . #sadday 
USERNAME i do too ! josh is making me wait :( 
just came from a lil movie date wit my lil sis nd older sis .. perks of being a willdflower was just so sad 😥 😢 
USERNAME missed you too boo ): we desperately need to hang out outside of this stupid project . <3 
i have the worst case of the hiccups this is embarrassing ): 
alright been with my family all day now i need to go home and get ready for this double tomorrow 😔 
USERNAME nao tem mais jeito , eu tentei , fiz de tudo , mas nao deu certo , ele ja ta nesse caminho , n tem como tira-lo mais ): 
when you're 15 and somebody tells you thru love you , you're gonna believe them 💔 
got real sad when i saw this photo of what big did after we went to bed last night 😢 @ the bunker URL 
dont think i should wear makeup tomorrow , its gonna be a sad day for me #lastdayatwork # :( 
USERNAME went on and forgot about me now that i'm all coffeeless 😔 
i hate it when people wake me up from a good ass nap ! > :( 
guess its me and my music since USERNAME aint cumin 😢 
USERNAME this new chic will never have the chemistry u & donnie had , can't believe u are not on :( 
i want to see my sister i miss her 😥 😅 😱 
USERNAME i've had a lot of those about things in general :c 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME noo wayy we were gona g eat there t.t 
yarın bütün günümü alışveriş merkezinde geçireceğim . ne hallere düştük tek eğlencemiz alışveriş :( olsun yinede güzel ;) 
wanted to go the game but like always . . . no ride 😔 😔 😒 
i hate this uncomfortable feeling of not knowing if to stop or keep going .... 😔 
i tweeted like once today . i feel like a terrible person now . 😔 
ugh i need my eyebrows done , my nails &feet done a bodywax and my hair needs to be done 😔 and because of wrk nothing was done today grr 
i hate seeing the people i love the most hurt . 💔 😔 
getting meds and sicky soup for my honey boo boo :'( (@ cvs/pharmacy) URL 
USERNAME why ? ? ? ways wrong ? ? :( 
USERNAME same to you ! ! ! miss you also ! :( 
last night was weird , today was weird and tonight is weird . wtf is going on . 😔 
all alone at work because USERNAME left me 😿 @ al phillips the cleaner URL 
USERNAME i'm pretty sure riley and i aren't hanging out anymore #longday #communicationprobs #sadday 
USERNAME i want it to go away now ! :( 
USERNAME me too ! 😢 we'll have a starbucks party sometime this week ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME my blood is boiling . #warpath they can't do that 😢 
USERNAME 😔 ash needs to feel better ! ! ! feel bad to see her feel bad .. #roomiestat 
USERNAME it was funny :( i don't have anymore lol 
i feel my heart just broke into million of pieces 💔 
this was the saddest night ever . yeah i cried ! 😞 
seeing him likes this makes me want to cry . 😥 
he ain't get on the field but 1 time 😔 .. next time they better have him on there all the time . 
USERNAME ohh sorry ! thought you were like everyone else and trying to be a smartass about it #sowwybarbie 😔 
me & USERNAME were like uh suppose to hangout today but i forgot 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i try my best so that we dnt argue but i guess i was wrong 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME definitely ! let me know when you are free ! we forgot our picture . :( ( 
i dont feel good i need someine to cone take care of me ): ): ): 
when we get to the point to where you don't care , uh uh ... </3 
50 mins wait .. :( (@ the cheesecake factory) URL 
right when i leave tyler and his friends USERNAME joins in :( ((( 
whyy am i going to rehearsal at 9 am on a saturday ..... i dislike the planning of all the rehearsals :( 
USERNAME no :( ((( i didn't know it was today :/ 
my weekend life would be a lot more exciting if USERNAME would be home 😞 
wat . u . mad . fa . u . knew . wa t.t his . was . bitch . u . a . sidelinehoe ..... 
USERNAME we miss our 3rd hoe :( not the same without you #comeback 
damn it he called me .... i didnt get to answer :( ( 
USERNAME yeah 😥 what are you taking next semester ? 
last game of the season :( we made it far this year . #fridaynightlights @ saline high school football field URL 
i use to love you but i still do that's not goin change we went from a good relationship to do no wit happened ❤ 💔 
i just heard someone unload a whole clip outside my house 😞 #livinginthehoodproblems 
i want to throw up i feel and look like shit :( 
USERNAME USERNAME ahh ik . i miss you girls too :( 
cause when youre 15 and somebody tells you they love you , you're gonna believe them 💔 
shell and skye is knocked tf out and i'm the onli 1 that's up 😔 😔 
its gone feel so weird sleeping without him tonight :( 
USERNAME im sorry love :( it was kind of spur of the moment 
USERNAME your guys stuff is so much cooler , and guys are way better than guys > :( 
when i grow up i wanted to be a tattoo artist but the only bad thing is i can't draw for shit ! :( 
i am going to be sad when syracuse leaves for the acc next year . :( 
USERNAME i lost USERNAME shirt at band practice 😖 😭 
USERNAME no it wasnt 😐 i was enjoying those munchies and you took them away ): 
it's so heart breaking seeing your parents cry . 💔 
my senior year is the worst year of my life .. i swear ✋ 😔 
to sick to go to two parties and asked out :( 
just opened my box from USERNAME and loved all the teas in my order but sad there was no sample even though it said it was included . :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME we're not even in a car ... :( 
nothing to do , boyfriends asleep , im cold . ughh :( 
dam she told meh to wate she'll be rite back and never came back :( 
USERNAME he told us both two days ago the only reason he harassed us is because he liked us ... 😭 😖 😷🔫 
... she doesn't know correct the words to wild boys ... :( 
woke up from a nap &' my stomach hurting really bad :( ( 
USERNAME i lost my USERNAME shirt at band practice 😖 😭 
quick stop at the pharmacy to get something to get rid of this nasty sinus headache 😣 . 
USERNAME im really ticked because i had a craving for those chocolate cheesecake ball things we used to have but they dont have them 😞 
USERNAME plus i messed up her twitter name-_- #fml hahahah 
i'm dying 😫 😭 😭 😭 😭 😷 😲 i have never felt so bad in my entire life 
USERNAME USERNAME btw gel miss u ... haven't seen u anywhere :( 
i keep on having to remind myself that he doesn't want me . ugh 😔 
i've spent the past 4 days in bed . like literally . why ? b/c i'm sick :( i have the stomach flu ! ugh ! i'm so upset , someone cure me 
dang :( i really wish i could be with USERNAME and USERNAME doin it right tonight ... but i gotta be home with my family 
USERNAME lol yep i aint heard from you or seen you since i seen you at the movies lol 😔 
USERNAME that's weird 😔 you're gonna pass so don't worry ! 
cramp , stomach hurts , and im so freaking cold :( 
USERNAME ugh i need to tag along lol my shits look bad 😓 😔 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 it's never ending 😡 😡 😡 URL 
ihope ill never have to wake up one day and find out my grandma passed away because of her cancer ibe scared but itry to think positive :( 
USERNAME .... they are gold . you don't like them :( :( :( :'( ((( 
literally about to cry my eyes out bc of this pain in my knee ....... 😭 #owowow #worstthingever 
USERNAME omg :'( ((( i just checked my txt messages 
USERNAME no ! i haven't :( if i had been i woulda responded ... damn imessage ! 
expecting the text you know you'll never get . 😥 #inneedofahug 
USERNAME lool abeg fill me in i don't no the ans oo 😔 
USERNAME that is so mean :( one direction isn't gay 
>tfw it's impossible to reach your bestfriend because she's always grounded 😔 #stahp USERNAME 
USERNAME i got real depressed when i couldn't retweet this :( 
#superjealous #fml so glad none of my other girl friends have twitters .. 
i'm kinda pissed . i lost one of my favorite chanel earrings . ): 
USERNAME i wish my brother had twitter so he could say this ... #sadtweet 
USERNAME i can't get anything else until i'm 17 /: so we can't be twins yet :( 
afraid to fall asleep after almost knocking myself out with a car door ): 
USERNAME 😥 i'll be there everyday this week but tuesday come see me ... i worked with your previous flame today lol 
USERNAME soo disappointed , the girl in #humancentipede2 gives birth in a car rather than someones mouth :( #disappointed 
listening to USERNAME over and over and over because i feel so bad and their songs help ! #heartbroken :'( #listening now 
saw a kid w/ down syndrome get slapped across the face by his dad b/c he asked to get something @ the checkout :( #youdontdeserveakid #smh 
was on tha phone w/ metra fa five minutes 😞 i didn't wanna get off , i miss her 
my body is going to colapse anytime now ... #whyy 😔 😕 
USERNAME omg i'm so sorry i feel bad ): 😔 😔 😔 😔 
all i wanna do is govget some icecrwam but j can't . sad times :( 
USERNAME trust me i realize and it's breaking my heart :( 👭 😰 💔 
watching transformers but sean wants to go to bed . boo :( 
goodnight twitter . toda was a oky . friday for me . :( 
USERNAME why can't i be 21 ? ! ? ! :( 
i use to love you that's not goin change cuzz i still do we went from a good relationship to a bad just no i still got feelings 💔 
USERNAME nuhuh . i need a long text . :'( 
USERNAME oh , ok i see :c but its good you're good lol 
USERNAME it was alright . except for yesterday when i received sad news 😔 
USERNAME don't say that :( you were soo excited ! 
wow i fuckin miss my #dog #titan boy alot today ... #fuckintears and shit ... 😥 🐶 
papaw frank sent to the er 😔 prayers prayers prayers 
sick as hell .. fever , nausea , cold chills , body ache .. seriously , fml ! ! :( 
my wrist hurts so bad but i didn't even know what i did to it ? :( #somethingisalwayswrong 
tht bitch juss pissed me off dat damnn fast abt to choke this hoee :( 
USERNAME look so desperate . you are making a bad name for your self plz . don't get mad i'm just trying to help u . love ur self . :'( 
my dad just did the gangnam style dance ... i've never been so embarrassed and were only in the car ... 😞 
that movie was so sad omg i just tied my eyes out 😭 
USERNAME i can't come thursday , i have to close 😭 
yahh , sorry klw pun lo marah2 ke gue spy balik ke indo gw jga ga akan bisa nepatin boy :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry i really am :'( omg . i'm so stupid 😖 . next friday forsure . imma put an alarm to remind my self . 
i miss spending every moment with you , talking to you , and cuddling .... i miss cuddling :( #singlegirlprobs #missingyoi 
just hit my 9 year mark with #xboxlive and i get nothing :'( thanks big #cooperations for not #recognizing loyal customers #douche 
USERNAME i have none ! i dont have any #s because i dont have a phone ): 
y r parents soo confused with new stuff i just want it cause its new on market that's the only reason :( 
i try so hard .. but i can't remember what ice cream and a hamburger taste like .... my two fav things in the world . 😭 #missjunkfood 
:( i need me this blunt to ease my mind from all this bullshit ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME hey why ? is my love to you unanswered ? :( ((( it's ok ... 
i hate when it's cold my tattoo gets so raised and itchy :( 
USERNAME you talk to me all the time , it's the least you could do scince you won't marry me 😥 i'm devastated now #dayruined 
even sal gets taken out and i don't . :( 
i miss my aunt ! haven't seen her or my babes in a lonng time ): 
last game of the season for amc tomorrow :( and last game of the fall for my family ... 
i had coffee instead of dinner . i'm literally shaking and can't sleep 😒 😔 #nobueno #earlymorning 👎 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( (( i love you ! ! ! 
last time :'( (@ chili's grill & bar w/ 5 others) URL 
USERNAME okay my love but im still feel bad :( lm 
cool it ! ! ! ! ! ugh hate when it cold :( 
poor santa won't have enough #coal this yr 4all these naughty libs :( 
tf was i doing this whole time ! ? i had the wrong thought , his phone done showed it , highly upset . :( 
my moms ganna beat the living shit out if me , j lost my retainer #shit #fml 
this is the bullshit i can't take anymore ! 😡 😞 
im so upset that i havent seen #skyfall yet #depressed #needsomedanielcraigtime :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry ! ! ! :( come to dennys 
what is going on with these kids nowadays ? 😔 
😤 i love this emoji but have never been mad enough to use it on someone .... 😔 
USERNAME we .. we .. we .. won ? 😦 ..... woo 😮 
USERNAME just so you know you have my 💗. please don't 💔 it . i miss you so much ! ! ! ! 
my moms ears , all of a sudden , work really good . :[ 
USERNAME they are ! my tastebuds were like me no gusta ! d; & f-ck you & your emoji's ! :'( 
hey USERNAME wanted to take a USERNAME class in #nyc tomorrow am , but they are all booked :( #tryingtostayinshape lol 
i wanna go home && shower then get in my bed 😔 
this is honestly my life no matter how hard i try i'm always looked at as a liar and i'm not :( 
i never even see most of my friends when i come back to town :( 
USERNAME why doesn't you're mom let you go out :( & they invited me i wasn't part of the whole creation of the event lmao 
i need my best friend devin right now . :'( 
USERNAME what happened to me ? :/ i guess my bestfriend forgot about me :( 
i'm so sad that tomorrow i won't make it to USERNAME quince 😔 
USERNAME sleeping ! :( my job sucks and i have to be up at 6 :/ 
USERNAME just the right side . and it won't let up and it's causing my right eye to have an infection . i'm all sorts of sick right now 😭 
good game ! almost hit a cycle , just needed one more homerun :( 
chuck's here , where is my boo USERNAME ? :( 
i just want a beanie 😞 someone wanna get me one ? ? 😱 
had a dream the counselor let me into student council . but no 😭 😭 that's fantasy not reality 
so sad knowing this is going to be the last night we're all gonna hang out :( tmrw it's off to the airport #sadtweet 
USERNAME 😔 i know how you feel ❤ here if you ever need to talk 
somebody should call me :( so that i can express my bordem 
USERNAME USERNAME and yeah i did invite you guys :( 
man i think i'm drunk but i don't feel it 😭 😭 😭 😭 i'm a keep drinking doe 
USERNAME right now i have to work :( but i'm trying to find someone to cover for me ! ! 
this is why we don't have nice things ! #iruinitall 😔 
all i want is to be on top of my mountain right now but i can't ! 😭 💔 
i am in a library on a friday night because my friends refuse to go out . all the other grad kids are out ... this can't be my life . #fml 
my son thinks this is a restaurant and has requested to substitute mashed potatoes for roasted potatoes . #fml #cookyourowndinner 
USERNAME gay ! i was trying to drink tonight > :( 
all this talk about tattoos on my tl is making me want another one even more :( 
sometimes i really just need someone to talk to but i have no one #coldworld 😔 
i wish she would believe i'm telling da truth :( 
USERNAME i thought we were friends ceddy , damnn 💔 
going out tonight without kynnidi <<< seriously . 😒 😭 
(401 ): you said you would race him to taco bell but you slipped in the parking lot and just laid there , crying . #tfln 
might hang out with nay tomorrow . i haven't seen her in forever . 😔 
'lzmry 'from the book likee 💃ugh i'm so happy i have vowels that shit sound crazy 😭 
USERNAME dad follows more fans than scotty . :( why don't you follow me ? ! 😭 
USERNAME i know :( same here , the poor kid started crying ... i teared up seeing it 
what has 2 thumbs & is the biggest moron on the east coast ? this girl 😢 
USERNAME yes but like from the worst spots ever :-( but yes assfgjkll 
all the time i wish i went back to the moment i opened my bigg mouth & left you ... please come home ): 
*sigh* me too . i wish he's text me . 😔 
watching ice hockey reminds me of when i played field hockey 😔 #memories #missit 
USERNAME where'd you go i lost you 😑 😱 😱 😢 😢 
why do i have work at 7 tomorrow morning ? 😞 
why do i always shake uncontrollably after i do my nebulizer ? ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME wish i could have stayed til the end ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME no waffles' :( / buh you can make yo own w . the waffle maker 
i don't wanna watch tv just cause i know i'll fall asleep , fuuck . 😔 😒 
USERNAME deephers deephers eerywhere but not a chelko to be found 😿 
USERNAME that's why you weren't in chemistry :( i hope it gets better soon ! mr . m was killin it today lol 
USERNAME i knoww ! :( im off next weekend tho ! 
it's randy's last night in pittsburgh :( ! (@ 5801 video lounge & cafe) URL 
she said tha man killed himself , then his family ....... 😔 help her lord 
going to cry myself to sleep 😩😩 😭 😭 🏉 
all i wanted for my birthday was a big booty hoe but then my boy brought 5 obese bitches over so now all i want is to stop vomiting 😰 😞 😷 
wish i had the lord of the rings movies . :( i would watch them every week . 
aww i miss rodeo :( i love you man rip bro 
i wish my dad would take me hunting ! :/ #butno he don't trust me #sadface # :( 
USERNAME dude i was telling paul he went to bonfire :( i totally forgot to tell you ;( 
d . delaney #3 signing out for now ! 😥 
this is the story of the girl , who cried a river and drowned the whole world 😭 
when i become interested in someone i seriously act like i'm 10 again .... #fml #embarrassing #shy 
i was hopeing he asked if i can hang out with him but guess not ! :( 
just wanna be with my boyfriend . tonight ... :( 
i miss his close USERNAME and i used to be #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sorry dig :( i didn't see you in the vid . forgive me ? #please 
i cannot believe i missed another episode of USERNAME tonight . how am i ever going to catch up with you guys ? :( 
why is there nothing to do in these towns ? ! :( #soobored 
i miss my miami lakes people so so dearly 😭 
it's only 9:40 ? aww :( im still missing all the parties . fuck y'all . 
USERNAME it really has :( when was the last time i saw you ! ? ! 
USERNAME USERNAME i wouldn't have wanted to go with me either :c 
USERNAME never been there for new years 😔 hopefully this will be my first 
tonight your holding someone else in your arms at your last home football game . </3 #memories 
(330 ): go ahead , bitch , glare at my waffle one more time . i will fuck you up . something you might say ? lol USERNAME 
USERNAME follow me ? i'm sick ): i would like a dying cat #random 
you may have a pretty face but your heart is ice cold 💔 
USERNAME you are in town , and i'm not ! ! ! boo :( :( i wanted to see you ! ! ! ! 
fuck not even the heater helps me keep warm haha #fml 
USERNAME yeahh yeahh :( i see that i'm forgotten about . it hasn't even been 3 months :( 
USERNAME sorry for the language , but that's just really shitty of him . :-( i don't get support from my husband either . *hug* 
USERNAME USERNAME boo i'm at work and love that movie :( 
got in trouble with my mom cause i was with marvin today . 😭 
USERNAME i thought you'll invite because that tweet was meant to be a #sadtweet . 
i hate people w/ heavy ass accents .. especially them jamaican & haitian accents .. i don't understand anything 😒 😞 
sick of being sick . 😢 😷at least i had the crazies on USERNAME to keep me company tonight . 👹 
i seriously cant wait for my dad to come back home drunk ... -_- #fml #alone #someonetextme 
cody simpson just instagramed ! ! ! ! ! ! oh nevermind , he has clothes on 😔 
just finished working out , hair sweated out ! ! ! mad as hell :( 
aww is my baby ok <3 USERNAME it really breaks my heart hearing that you cried during be alright . ! <3 💔 i love you justin ! 
USERNAME u hurt my feelin im cryin 😩😫 😭 😪 
USERNAME i was kidding:* & idk maybe , my dad kinda laughed at me :( #asshole 
if you really love me , then why are you leaving me ? </3 
USERNAME :( (( i missd you i wanna go out soon :( - 
USERNAME yeah , that doesn't sound too bad . wish it were a little further west though . :( 
jealous . i love that movie so much . haven't seen it in so long :( 
ronnie dropped me on the concrete lol , it hurt :( 
USERNAME oh gaahh lee ! ! ! further from me :( no te quieren ver conmigo lmao 
USERNAME my appendix burst last week had a major surgery and still really sore :( 
USERNAME =''( so can i throw a brick at yours ? ? and you will know how it hurts missing you too ! :( 
the one night i choose to drive past nine , i get hit by a drunk driver . #fml 
i hate this concussion my head hurt ... and i have to wake up every two hours ugh :( 
if i don't get hours at work next semester with USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME i will 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 forever and ever 
wish i was drinking , smoking me a fattie 😿 
i feel like i haven't seen them in forever 😔 😩 
USERNAME the news isn't about me . it's about a friend of mine 😔 
like its only 7:42 & i'm already sleepy . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
she look like she got the type 🐱 that'll have a bitch like 😭 😭 😭 😭 URL 
found some #benadryl time for nighty night time in 3 ........ 2 ......... 1 ........ #screwyousickness #hatebeingsick 😔 😴 😨 😿 👃👎🏥 
my relationship with my father is degrading more and more every day . #fml 
USERNAME like i honestly miss you :( and you 'on even fuck w/ your sister nomo ... 
USERNAME now yes , thank you for asking ! my homies car over corrected and we spun out quite a few times and almost flipped 😥 😖 
day 2 of my mini vacation consisted of this .... can't believe i got sick . unfuckinbelievable . 😞 @ desert hell URL 
i just watched the saddest thing of my life . this lady has quads and only 3 survived and they showed them setting aside the dead one 😭 
USERNAME i dont like u right now lol i almost started crying at work :'( 
USERNAME ahh nice and it's very boring i'm home laying in bed :c 
one day they will believe me .... hopefully it won't be too late 🕛🕜🕒🕟🕠🕕 😿 
USERNAME i snapchatted him but he hasn't opened it yet :( 
i was seriously hoping it'd be different this time 😔 
have to be up super early in the morning :( 
depressed . signed up for spring semester classes #sadtweet #reality #fschool 
USERNAME i've noticed ... i miss my j . o team :( 
USERNAME wish you were coming out with me whore :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i wish it was spring semester , i'd have the money for a decent donation :( but i'm saving piggy bank style 
is that a no to the all nighter ? :c 
USERNAME USERNAME hi . um i'm not in that pic . you forgot me ): 
i need to fucks with USERNAME he has all the bitches . 😭 😏 hey boos . 
USERNAME noo ! 😭 😭 you know you're my number 1 love ! ! ! 
so i was 🏃🏃 to my ❤ 👰 🏡 when i saw a 🐉. then i was all 😳 and 🏃 the ➡ way . i told my ❤ 👰 and she thought i was 😱 👎 and we went from 👫 to 👦👩 💔 💔 
USERNAME my family said no because they're in bed ))) ): come sleepover my home ! 
my mother threw out my pom poms .. i am two seconds from crying . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
my little cousins are sleeping over for the weekend 😩 😭 
jackson got me crying we lostt 13 - 21 fuckk the westt i still gott #generalpridee :( ( 
USERNAME USERNAME me too :( i miss all you guys <3 
(425 ): i'm hoping that by this time next year we will be smoking some weed at a gay wedding , asking #tfln 
i had so many plans ... i just wanted my family's support ... why did my mom have to cry :( it's not for another four years ... 
don't wanna work a double tomorrow ): oh well , it's all ot(; $$$ 
i'm done . you haven't done anything about [us]. so what am i supposed to do ? ) ): 
i hate that your so far away ... i wish i could b in your arms , kissing your lips , and rubbing your back ... it sucks witout u :( 
i'm , sad now :/ bouta listen to , music :'( 
yay ! palav here , i feel as if i haven't seen you in 68808643 years 💔 💔 💔 💔 
the worst part about having angel stay with me this weekend is the guilt i feel going out </3 #sorrytoleaveyou 
:( people's feelings aren't meant to be played with . 
USERNAME hey ms rude you forgot to put your number in my contacts all you put was your name .. i'm hurt 😢 
noo ! i hope its not wat i think it is .. :( 
s/o to USERNAME for having a dope ass avi & not following me :'( 
i wish USERNAME was here to go out with me tonight ! #missmyroomie :( 
USERNAME USERNAME when u guys sign plz don't change :c bcuz i love u guys so much & i will b so sad u guys make me happy ily <3 
my poor paola got stuck in a stupid car accident :( 
USERNAME sinto saudade de vc a essa hora era pra estarmos falando mal da lady gaga e rindo do flop dela aqui no brasil , nao some :( (( 
i hate watching a movie , and see them kissing i start feeling lonely :( </3 .. 
USERNAME i wish you came :( (( ashwoo loves ya me too ! ! ! 
me & boyfriend argueing about the dumbest most littlest things 😟 💔 
USERNAME i know ! :( i'd be the best cuddle buddy ever . 
pain is there , love is lost , drink it down , till it's gone .. 😔 🍺🍻 
bqaby got me sick as fuck right now .... outta nowhere :( 
everyone is falling in love and then theres me falling in love with someone whos already in love with someone else :( 
i hate being alone on friday nights  #depressing #toomuchtimetothink 
no . no no no no no . why am i still up :'( 
i would seriously do anything just to see my pap one more time 😓 i wish i would just stop thinking about this already 💔 
i love both my parents to death but i don't have a very close relationship with either of them :( 
i hate being tired all the time , if my life consists of being tired all the time ill cry ! 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME wow at first i thought u both were at home tonight :( 
USERNAME wish you could drink this with me :( URL 
almost just got caught downing that drink USERNAME cracking up 😭 😭 👍 
i just want to go to sleep , but i have laundry to do… #fml 
USERNAME no , i won't get to see you again ! ! 😞 i'm gonna stop by sunday then to say goodbye ! 
i hate hate fighting with my best friend . 😭 i wish she would see she deserves better . 
ofcourse the night that i'm extremely over tired , my friends want to hang out . :( i wish i wasn't such a sleepy girl right now 
USERNAME USERNAME wait what ? ! 😵 are you serious ? ugh i've been at work since 7am 😔 
USERNAME im still comin just gone be a lil late , i had took off but they ain't give it to me :( 
they're really gunna cut open my head , and keep me awake ? ! ? ! 😭 😭 😭 😫😫😫😁 😳 😤😤😤😤😤 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😤😤😤 😭 😤 😭 that's what i will look like before and during . 
noone to ever talk to when i need to talk .... #depressing 
seems like everyone is coming down to bako today but didn't even hmu :( 
i just want to spend a whole day snuggled up watching movies with my nieces and nephews :( 
hmmp i guess USERNAME doesn't love me ... i didn't get a hug 😔 #jealoustweet ... 
wish i wasn't so cranky ad irritable all the time 😣 
USERNAME i know how you feel ! that happens to me all the time ): 
USERNAME USERNAME did you go to the game ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? #rude #thanksfortheinvite 😔 
“USERNAME r e t w e e t if you agree </3 URL 
staying in tonight , i hate being this sick 😭 
there are not pretty picture drawn on my car 😔 
really don't enjoy seeing my boys so upset 😢 i love y'all USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME yeah seriously , i talk to so many cool people on here and i'll never meet most of them :( . 
wow that last time i tweeted was ages ago .. i'm sorry guys :( 
USERNAME colin ! sorry dude lmao i didn't realize i left my purse in your car 😞 
i just want a man like him ! now 😭 
looks like i'm watching sad movies alone because USERNAME hates me . 💔 
i wish i wasn't so cranky and irritable all the time 😣 
i dont know how tf i'm gonna be able to stand at work tomorrow for 6+ hours with my back messed up like this :( ( 
i now regret not going to #beleivetour tonight 💩 😥 USERNAME 
ians on his way thankgod , or else id be bored cause jaz is obvs sleeping :( 
USERNAME guurrl ! i want to trust me but can't find a move tonight :( 
USERNAME i hurt my foot during rehearsal last night :( 
USERNAME dude . i would but i just threw up ... i'm sick again ! :( 
if not . i don't know how i will get there , but i will see him ! ! i miss him so 😔 😘 
USERNAME told me to give her my number like it was a life or death situation , and she has yet to text me ... ): 
im done watching season 1 and 2 of walking dead and now i wanna see 3 but i gotta wait :c 
it's pathetic how i'm going through legit shopping withdrawals . i am an addict . :( i need to go shopping wahh 
even though your mean , i am a faithful customer of yours .... ill buy from USERNAME USERNAME 💋 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME omg , i wish i was there ! ! :( i'm sure mamma joni enjoyed that . ahaha #lovenmissyouguys 
sitting here watching USERNAME clips on youtube because i always miss it now that school started 😒 😞 
#artiststhatsavedmylife USERNAME i swear , i don't even know if rip paola would've trended by now :/ ;( #thankyou alot 😔 ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ 
retard mode is activated when i am around cute guys .. 😔 
damn no follow from my own sister that hurts USERNAME 😢 
i don't even wanna go to bed but ... 😔 i just wanna text youu . 
me listening to music .... .... (grandma: 😦 😑 😒 ) 
s/o to USERNAME for being oomf but a stranger smh :'( but follow her 
USERNAME omg you don't talk to me no more :( 
my nephew broke . my long . mirror ... :( i wuz rly pissed but my sister will b . buyn me a new one . mine wuz awesome tho it wuz heavy duty .. 
paranormal 4 is about to start and i'm already dying out if fear . 😭 😭 #getmeout 
some days i just wanna forget it all . but most days i know there's something worth fighting for #notsurewhattodo #confused 😣 😔 😥 
USERNAME yes ! he just walked out , didn't even say bye to anyone :( 
USERNAME said i wasn’t pretty 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME perhaps i spoke too soon . :( 
chillin i guess i didn't have any choice bu t.t o listen to music .... i miss my westling but its cool #johnny taylor soul heaven 
aww i'm 😢 😢 now i hurt somebody special to me USERNAME 
deadd rt USERNAME 😭 rt USERNAME instagram be making me want a son or (cont) URL 
USERNAME i wish there was a black guy on emoji :( 
so bummed that motocross season is over 😪 #why #sadtweet 
i just wanna be happy for once when i go to bed but i guess that's to much to ask for cause i seem to always go to bed upset 😢 
my tummy hurts ): these pills got me all messed up on the inside . #sorryinsides 
USERNAME i asked the cheerleaders where you were tonight 😭 
it's been 5 years and it still hasn't gotten any easier 💔 
USERNAME i was at the game i didn't see you 😭 
ok i seriously need to stop being so hard on myself . can't stop stressing 😔 
buut; i'm sure isaac won't send me a cute long message to wake up to .. 😔 oh well .. 
USERNAME shut up you're the bad one who let cadon sleep at zac's 😏 and damn i forgot about the keys 😾 
eventually you have to run out of tears right ? 😢 
eating all my popcorn before the movie starts ... :( 
i really hate this and feel uncomfortable . i want to go home . 😔 😢 
titanic is killing me .. if i ever had to get on a life boat without my dad or husband .. 😭 💔 
USERNAME woww ! no i think mon is mad at me :( 
USERNAME ah sorry ! but i work until two 😔 
now gonna lie .... that ice cream was gonna hit the spot :( 
it breaks my heart when i think about the amount of people battling cancer )))) ): 
USERNAME that's so mean , you trying to say my tweets are lame ? 😞 👍 
sometimes i wish i was still talkin to him :( 
USERNAME i tried to make it up to you ! i even told you i'd go 😔 
USERNAME lmao ! i wish i was drunk right now 😭 
USERNAME are you serious ? ! i want one soo bad :( 
USERNAME i miss you bunches :( ( i never see you anymore . wahh 
USERNAME come back to paterson i want to play with you 😭 i miss u 
ultimate disappointment . i thought i bought a can of very cherry . apparently not . #sadtweet URL 
fck it . it's wuteva . do u 😔 😞 
USERNAME why you sayin that ? its just a simple question :( 
i have amazing relationship advice for my friends just not for myself :( #ineedadvice #badly 
i am drunk , lost , and freezing where the fuck is los & steezy 😔 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME wala . i just gonna keep it to my self :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME hags it's okay nevermind , but we still need to hangout soon , i miss you guys ): 
i can't see thru that smoke ! i missed what happened ! :-( 
USERNAME come back soon , i miss you and your asian glow :( 
i've missed 2 times to get to talk to hayden :( 
hello mr . dinosaur ! too bad i couldn't party with you :( @ royal ontario museum URL 
USERNAME that makes it better ! ! ! #youknowyourefatwhen .... hahahaha i want auntie anne's :( 
tore my room up & didnt evem find my moola :( ((( 
gym , you are so close , but i'm so lazy :( 
quit offering me soda ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
i got lotion in my eye and it burns , me muero , coñaso :c 
USERNAME i will ! it just angers me that people are this low and petty ! 😔 
j cole reminds me of every moment i shared with you . every single moment . his lyrics explain everything :( 8 months gone . shiit . 
jadrian is making me food but i already ate :( 
USERNAME haha , i just want mild ! im a puss ): 
seriously about to cry . i havent gone to a tournament without my ipod in almost 4 years . #depressed 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm not at the embassy . :-( 
USERNAME you tagged my old twitter name , i'm just now seeing this . omg , yum ! miss you 😔 
USERNAME and USERNAME thank for leaving me stuck with USERNAME 😔 #kidding 
can't believe my boys lost tonight . it's so hard to watch someone play their hearts out and it not be enough for the win . 😔 😪 💔 
i wish i had an iphone so we could facetime :( 
so i have a 1000 piece christmas puzzle , but USERNAME & USERNAME won't be here to do it with us ! #sadtweet 😕 😫👎 
can't believe my kitty is gone 😭 😭 my favorite little man 💔 💔 
rele dw b back here it doesn't make it any better #sigh 💔 
boys i'm proud of all of you , your amazing & did a great job tonight 😭 😊 💖 
USERNAME shut upp mann ! ! ! :( do me a faovr ? 
USERNAME hahaha absolutely ! ! it's a shame i still haven't found people at my store to make these jokes with :( 
USERNAME back ach a zageeya . </3 lol ! ! ! 
USERNAME ur talking about my mom . for the record , my mom went to go see ptv with me :( 
USERNAME hhahaha im not ready tho ! ! ! :( 
... just please don't let it come out in my car .. 😞 
USERNAME i've eaten a piece of abuelita chocolate before . it was the worst piece of chocolate i've ever tasted 😔 😲 
USERNAME that's the price we pay for living in the middle of the woods 😣 
a bowl of ice cream would be nice right about now . 😔 🍨💗 
i wish i could hug you just one last time :'( #torn 
but those hoodlums ruin it for me . can't be proud of that ☝ 😾 
wish tiffi was home to snuggle with me in bed again tonight ): #comehome #snugglebuddy USERNAME 
USERNAME wahh ): idk . i'm so nervous . i'm stressing myself out like crazy . i'm just overwhelmed right now . 
i'm so sad i'm not at the #igoconference 😢 #longdistanceprobs i miss everyone ! USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME language ! > :( ladies do not speak that way . 
i hate being sick :c especially when its my birthday tomorrow . #bummer 
whyy am i not on my way to ann arbor #sadtweet #gocats 
USERNAME you are precious . but no i'm about to see sinister and i'm going to cry 😭 😭 😭 
just got home from work and damn it sucked well off to sleep to do it all again #fml 
really ? j . russell b . gabbart t . jackson c . henne t.t ebow i mean this list can go on forever . 
USERNAME USERNAME just seems like when i need people the most they are never there :( 
when people dont shut up oh my god my head why do people argue when they know its never going to end shut up shut up shut up 😣 
biggest headache in the 🌎 right now 😞 😞 😞 😞 
i knew i never shoulda looked at them pictures 😔 
USERNAME i know mike brown wasent the greatest coach , but still , its the team itself :-( 
drew and katie literally just chased down a mouse and killed the poor little feller :( #hatethem 
USERNAME no unfortunately :( i have to let them know if i'm not going and i guess i can use it towards something else , within the year 
ugh , i wish my neighbors would get their damn critters , oops i meant children -_-, running back and forth down the hallway > :-( 
USERNAME i dont know ): i want to be bebe 
so sick to my stomach with everything i seriously think i may puke . :'( 
sigh . also . rt USERNAME maybe i'll be enough for someone one day . 😔 
USERNAME uhm ikr ! ! ! it was a sad night , they said it was boring 😔 😔 
it's friday night , i should be out having fun .. 😔 
they didn't have my size :( ugh ima cry my niggs 
i dont want you to go to work . i wanna fall asleep cuddling you , not texting you . ): #lifesnotfair #lovehim #9 .2.11 
ok rt USERNAME someone pick me up from downtown at 8 :( ill buy you food .. 
tired 😣 😓 long day today ... nothing but work . but it will all matter in the long run #workflow 
and i guess they didn't include éponine in the entire thing , ah , that makes me sad . :( 
the vid that USERNAME sent me made me cry ..... i miss my franns ! :( 
i just want to be home in my bed 😔 this work day needs to end right meow . #sickling 👎 
USERNAME no way , isn't it edible ? it's disgusting with water 😔 milk is where it's at 😁☕ 
senor iluminame o eliminame pero no me dejes lleno d dudas . el peor sentimiento es no saver k aser . si seguir intentando o alejarte :( ( 
USERNAME USERNAME did when you first asked ... but he dnt follow back ! ! :( ( 
back is killing me :-( feel like crying in so much , pain 
aww watching hancock and it's so sad when he talks about gettin left as a baby #tears 😥 
trying to find the best gift for a college basketball player is hard . especially when you have no idea what they'd want . 😔 
USERNAME a couple of months ! ? :( if that means anytime after december i may not be here :( (( i plan on moving back home . 
really dreading work tomorrow open to close :( i really just wanna sleep in 
i do a little bit of homework every night but i'm freakin exhausted . 😔 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME i can't take off of work :( omg i'm so upset i would so come . i'm looking up tickets anyways haha 
fuck i can't drive because i don't have my glasses ! 😭 😭 
i wanna see oomf ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( lol 
when lori says before (insert spoil alert)< ... 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME wait ! i can't my arbus going to be in the shop tomorrow :( 
sleep , cuddle , kiss and talking .... that's all i want right now .... but i can't have any .... :( 
USERNAME aight well i just meet y'all there then lol , 😔 ✌ 
this month ! ! ! i want to go to all , but noo 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME haha i did pretty dandy ... by myself . :( haha 
shoot . here come the tears . jackie and danny :'( 
that's a way to upset nhl fans even more ! ! :( rt USERNAME that nhlpa charity game scheduled for thunder bay on monday has been cancelled . 
this house is lonely ... but if i step out i might die . smh :( 
USERNAME i was just tweeting this to you . uhg . i guess that's why he was crying tonight on stage 😥 
i hate seeing you like this , it breaks my heart , i wanna help but cant 😔 
USERNAME waah it is just be and matt fucking drinking and singing :'( 
i don't think i was meant to drive in the rain :( it has yet to rain while i've driven today 
love you USERNAME i'm praying for your team and you . 😔 
- miss her , but not sure if she misses me :-( 
USERNAME are we still getting our jackets ? ? :( 
wish this headache i've had for 3 days would go away .... :-( 
chris brown- im seriously in love with this song :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i have magic mike out with a tub of snickers ice-cream .. 😔 
so you can't buy beer at the gas stations here only at a liquor store and they close at 9pm :( #lame (@ the nest ❤ ) URL 
we won but i didn't ! i lost 😒 😒 😣 😖 
just deleted over 20gb of shit from my computer , including my entire anime collection . :( feelsbadman , but it had to be done . 
:-( my heart goes out to danny . #bluebloods USERNAME 
why cant i get emoji's in my twitter name :c 
USERNAME :( wow . ill make it up to you tomorrow . 
somebody please come paint my bedroom for me . :( 
USERNAME are we still getting our jackets ? ? :( 
USERNAME and i almost died tonight ! :( my hearts still beating uncontrollably ! <\3 
USERNAME USERNAME awesome the last day of august ;). and oo . :( . 
smh . . . reading all these football tweets . i wish my cuz USERNAME coulda at least got one ring . swear he deserves it ! 😔 😒 
sweet jesus i can't sleep at night yet ... gotta be up by 330 :( 👎👎🚑 
USERNAME USERNAME i guess they don't want to let the cat out the bag .... 😿 💰 
michelle used me just to go out :( (((((( lol 
nobody wants to hang out with USERNAME and i 😞 
-*i miss my auntie r . i . p . ! ! ! </3 
it's friday i'm drinkin n then i'm going out .... i wish my girls were here USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😔 🍸 
USERNAME i ain't have no body to fuck with in 7th period :( 
my best friend's mom is in the hospital .. </3 fuck .. 4 things gone bad this night . 
USERNAME sorry :( i'll try not to let it linger 
it's just now hittin me that i'm missing a home game tomorrow and more importantly hanging out with USERNAME and USERNAME 😔 
just gonna go into a depressed state and live as a hermit now ... lol :( 
USERNAME woo except we have to deal with some southerners :( 
😦 text me rt USERNAME USERNAME smh . if you say so 
USERNAME USERNAME maybe gregory will hang out with me again now 😞 
had to taste a straight shot of espresso tonight at work . #yack 😣 
no oh oh oh oh rt USERNAME die rt USERNAME ok rt USERNAME someone pick me up from downtown at 8 :( ill buy you food .. 
perfect cuddle weather & my cuddle buddy is nowhere near ): 
USERNAME USERNAME we all missed you so much ! 😭 
USERNAME im not cause none of them are in my town :( 
2 paged message i just sent to my 2nd mama . i need her & candyce & jd . ): 
deadass forgot i was supposed to call ray back . 😱 😦 
i miss my gurls USERNAME n USERNAME real tawk :( ( 
no gas scariest moment of my life 😭 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME control ur dog . 
USERNAME got hurt at practice tonight no bison open for me :( 
now i feel like i can't even have fun #justgreat 😔 
having a chill night watching spiderman with steph and kristal . i'm gonna miss kris when she leaves . :( #visitstochattanoogaareinorder 
he saw you . he met you . he wanted you . he liked you . he chased you . he got you . he had you . he got bored of you . he left you . he broke you . 💔 
losing my voice ! i sound like a dying frog ! :( 
what i wouldn't do for a cigarette right now .. 🚬 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME oh wow , i pray god every day to make it go away . but it never does leave . it's emotionally debilitating even for me :( 
days like these i just want to be with my besties 😔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i really hope you and alexis make it though this club season :( ( 
USERNAME i looked for y'all ! couldn't see you anywhere :( #wahh 
homeschooling event mesoamerican calendars and 2012 (drop-in family event ): free with peabody museum admission .... URL 
now i can't even talk to him about how my day went without him ignoring me like wtf have i done to you 😭 🔫 
USERNAME i thought u hated me . ? ? ? ): 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😯 😱 😱 this is not real omg 
going to see my baby tomorrow ! i miss him 😔 .. 
just realized how hungry i was . i haven't had anything to eat today :( 
USERNAME i do too 😔 lol , yeah deff text me i'm down for whatever 😁 
chillin ... and somebody ain't answering her phone . 😔 😕 
december is just creeping up on me ... when it comes to them , i have to make a decision 🙅 😣 #fml 
i miss everyone :c but i don't know if i want to go without my family . 
i miss USERNAME very much too ! ! 😞 😢 🔥🔥 #myawesomegingerfriend 
my best friend isn't here tonight ! ! ! :( it's going to be a long one ! 
broo be doing big shit but dont help his sis ! :( USERNAME 
really missing my favorite people while i'm in the middle of nowhere 😢 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME aww man :( that woulda been epic ! ! bad timing , huh ? lol 
USERNAME meanie ... photobombers play a very important role in a photo though :( 
im finna fix me something to eat , im hungry :( 
i've been trying to go to sleep for an hour now , it's just not happening 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME haha i said blake wasn't as cool ! haha blake doesn't follow me :( and cause he's never in texas when i'm in town 
remember when you had growing pains and your legs hurt real bad ? well , i'm done growing so i don't know why my legs feel like death . 😞 
i think i'm going to go to bed now maybe ... i dunno . gotta work at 9am :( 
i don't know what to think , other than to just give up and move to ohio with my grandparents . #broken 😰 😭 😞 
i absolutely hate that i'm not the reason you smile but is rather see you happy then hurting </3 
i know you've been hurt before , by someone else , i can tell by the way you carry yourself .. #takecare #drake 💔 
USERNAME good luck ! primo you been tweeting lately and don't even bother to tweet me ? ! #fake :( 
i'm dealing with so much it's not even funny 😔 
USERNAME lol sorry roomie duh i miss u too 😭 
well , tonight's kinda lame . it's 9:02 & i'm bored . :( 
there are so many scumbags in this world it's disgusting 😔 😩 #killyourselves 
until somebody came and turned her world upside down 😔 
this is all my spanish homework and it's due next week > :-( URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME that moment when you're left out of the convo :( sad face 
USERNAME USERNAME i don't think he's replyih to anyone :( 
i want you but im scared imma lose you because im impatient . :-( 
USERNAME i said fuck it ? it was never that . but shid smh :( 
i can honestly say i've watched titanic atleast 30 times , and i still bawl everytime jack dies 😥 
i look super cute right now and can't take pictures because im in bed and freezing . any my makeup looks perfect and everything #ughh ): 
bel air . this song is just soo sjshfsjansh 😭 😭 😭 🙌🙌 
a man is to evade if is in wait of his soulmate ... that he should see , but did not ... :( as she waits for him . 
USERNAME wish i could go . julie told me to go but i had work til 9 ): 
USERNAME i'll eat some for you .. your a lil' far away to share ! 😔 
wanna watch a scary movie but not alone . :-( 
stupid hoe at the nail spot cut the shit outta my finger today #ouch 😢 
i seriously have no life anymore #pathetic 😞 😠 😩 😑 🆒💬 
wish i could played with my team tonight ... 💔 #heartbroken 
was watchn the fights on USERNAME but my babygirl keeps throwin up so now were takin her to the hospital :( 
no 3m on the bred 13s droppin in 2013 😔 
i don't even want to bother talking to you ! you live far away .. 😢 
i did see that rt “ USERNAME :c reepy bug ! rt USERNAME twitter has no explanation 4 benghazigate photo bug URL 
USERNAME missed you at dinner </3 #jk i missed aubrey . 
the only thing i hate about basketball season is the early morning saturday practices :( #wahh #whycoachwhy #ineedmysleep #grumpybear 
watching superstar makes me think of USERNAME and our dances lmfao . miss you scabzilla :( 
i wanna listen to music secluded from everything thing else but i cant :( 
haven't been on stage in two weeks , feeling real home sick :( ....... so addicted ! 
USERNAME oh no :( text me if you need me booboo 
i thought i was gone be riding with my nigga for life but now ima solo driver :( 
i haven't been myself lately tired of feeling like this . 😔 
my pandora is not working at this time 💔 😡 <<< 
my brother is the most annoying person on the planet when he is on xbox live 😡 😠 😞 😖 
USERNAME awh man :( i couldn't find brenda either ... 
USERNAME please be on the look out for any houses for rent near by , i don't wanna move :( 
USERNAME omg 😞 and she posted a pic of him and the girl behind him 
my fishy died . rest in peace . 😥 🐟🐠🙏 💔 
i already miss summer .. i miss it being 8 at night and it's still light out . & the windows down & sandal weather :( 
and here we go with breathing treatment #4 for the day ...... :( 
USERNAME i want a little brother ): that lives in florida and has birthday sleep overs . wahh 
USERNAME my uncle has stage four cancer . in his bone marrow :( im sad , beau 
i can't get my fifth open aand i'm all alone 😣 where are my friends ? 
USERNAME are you okay ? :( i swear i am going to ask him what his deal is tuesday if its about who i think ... he's no good bbygirl . 
why would you wanna close schools . yup china is smarter . florida come on ... 😔 
so many people ! we were so far . 😞 but still an amazing concert . USERNAME @ izod center URL 
USERNAME i know your home and im not with you so gay :( 
i miss my friends from florida :( i wanna skype one of them .. 
i'm in so much pain right now .. i just wanna cry . 😭 
okay i'm done 😓 😤 😢 😑 just had to get that off my chest .. sometimes we just gotta vent yano ? #sorrytwitter 
but everytime i close my pretty little eyes , my body's like . -____- #fml . 
somebody save me from this quiet house ! ! ! ! ima be in it all day today alone . i miss the black car :-( can't wait til my aunt van get fixed . 
my dad needs to wake the fuck upp and fix my muffler 😾 
damn man i went to sleep like 3 hours ago wtf ! i'm so tired i don't want to be up right now :( 
my head feels like it could expode any second and i sound like justin bieber hitting puberty ... someone help me #sosick 😞 
watching coach carter ... brings me back to my hoopin days :( 
i anit get no funeal cake last night ! that was 1 of the main reasons i went ): 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( i just never see you anymore 
just dropped and shattered my coffee pot . 😫 💔 ☕ 
my momma sent me to go wash the clothes :c 
im such a wimp when it comes to him :( 
USERNAME awe :( but yay ! ! you're soo lucky😩 
USERNAME , idk :( im sad ithnk matt gotta girlfrann soo imight cum ova theree widdchuu lol , 
USERNAME get ur head in those espa books sweetie haa good luck , not that you need it ! have fun hope your head doesn't feel like mine 😱 😭 😨 
i'm getting text messages saying happy 12 months or year anniversary .. :'( 
i'm just going to stop eating . i apparently look like i'm going to pop a baby out any minute 😷 😞 
i really need to go to my dads but i'd rather not :( 
USERNAME yes .. nahi huwa . pata nahi kyun . abhi bhi jyaada nahi ho rahi . ek tha tiger ke tym pe my tl was full of it . but now , no :( 
USERNAME yeah it's true ! ! i play her in football- we were on the sidelines .. then smack .. i screamed ! such an invasion of my :( 
USERNAME i know . and once i get out of bed i'll have to start studying :( 
USERNAME USERNAME internetten izlersin , bende çok izleyemem erken yatmam lazım sabah kalkamıyorum sonra :( yaz olsa keşke 
USERNAME lol yes , now bring me some soup plz . :( sucks being sick . hru , tho ? 
i can't believe my best friend since 1st grade is leaving for basic training next week . #wow #gunnamissyou :( 
i can't decide what i want for breakfast . 😧 😯 
in a bad situation and dk what to do about it 😣 
USERNAME that's how the verse go's . who knows . maybe you're tricking us . and it's not thick . 😔 
whomp . took 2 out of my 3 helix's out . #piercingprobs #man #whomp #sadtweet #keloidprobs 
USERNAME thanku batadiya . nahi toh kitne log mujhe block kardete . hehe . rush flop hogayi naa ? kab aayi aur gayi pata nahi chalda :( 
a miss by pato to level the game between USERNAME and #fiorentina :( 
its mornings like these that can ruin your whole day ... #sadtweet .. 
USERNAME omg i miss story time so much ! ): text me and tell me ! ! 
as soon as i unplug my phone it goes to like 96% .. wtf 😣 😁 
being single sucks . the only thing i get to do anymore , is whatever the f i want to do . :( 
USERNAME hahahhahaha i still have every single one ! aw i love them ahahah ! and aw i would if i could :'( xx 
oh man today is gonna be sad day , got my speech ready #herecomethewaterworks 😢 😢 
we're not broken just bend we can learn how to love again #depression #pink #truthaboutlove 
i seriously don't want to function today :( my brain hurts 
don't wanna be sick anymore , wish my girls were here to take care of me :( USERNAME USERNAME #sickmommy #gottabetough 
USERNAME awh :( well ill post pictures the who time for you to make you feel better ! ! ! 
a friend was robbed last night on his way to his apt in lekki . he was locked in his car boot , laptop & fones stolen . :( naija ! 
aww my baby wants me to go back to germany to visit him . i'm sad :'( 
USERNAME i am bartending :( so i can't really watch but hope to make $$$ 
obviously must of been drunk as fuck . rip .. ): scuse me while i cry URL 
i leave today ... ? ? ? ! ! ! ! 😧 😮 
USERNAME i know you are ! ! im soo mad ! ! im soo sick :( :( 
sinus infection or cold ? either way i feel like poop :( 
at the hospital with my baby :( @ banner estrella medical center URL 
good weather on a sunday means to go out and enjoy the sun . ehh , im stuck again on doing schoolwork :( #nursingpains 
USERNAME i miss you too :( are you going to the game at 2 ? 
not being able to run is the worst feeling 😔 
i got glass in my foot las night ? ? ? can't get it out :( 
yay worked 12-830 yesterday now working 1030-630 today ... #fml #bitches #ugh #losing 
it's freezing 😭 😭 😭 and i've already got 3 blankets on 
the worst place too have cut is on your toe ! ! ! you can't wrap a band aid around it :( 
god ! ! i really messed that up ! ! i can't wait till i move to palmyra . then i could get away from all this crazieness . #fml 
USERNAME awwh ): have fun ! love you guys ! 
USERNAME noo this is all i want right now 😭 
USERNAME will you text me ? because i don't think i have the right phone number for you , and it makes me sad . :( 
did i really break that wood in half last night ? ... twice ? USERNAME yeaa i have a nice bruise where i broke it on my knee 😢 
what the hell did you put me through lastnight ? ! ! USERNAME USERNAME 😞 😷 
xtra late 2 sunday school this morn , smh , feelin like old times :-( 
helping reshingling a roof and i get stuck with picking up shingles .. #fml #terrible 
sleepy :( thats bad when u get church like that 
i don't understand how you say your life sucks . your life is perfect . 😔 
i honestly don't know how i'm surviving without USERNAME 😔 
no matter how hard i try not to procrastinate , i still end up doing it anyways 😔 
marley is trying to bite my belly ring off 😣 
i hate calling in to work . i feel so useless 😣 
USERNAME small bump gets me every time . 😭 i just want to hug you for being so perfect . 
i never have a ride anywhere because my dad is never home . #annoyingaf 😠 😞 
when i look in my inbxx i dontt see a unread message from him :( 
it's sunday ? ? ? already ! ? ... no :( the weekend goes by to fast i still have to write a paper :( 
USERNAME awh :( when will i get it ? ? 
USERNAME i hate you so much for seeing them u get to hear that new song of there's :( it's okay though i might go to philly 
USERNAME when is your next show ? we had so much fun ! you bounced right when we were about to get pics with ya tho :( URL 
i wish i could spend more time with you :( i hate that youre invested in sports half the time & the other tine you grounded . lol USERNAME 
USERNAME couldn't agree more . i just found out my little brother has cancer ... i wouldn't wish this feeling on anyone ): 
who the hell let me do all these dumb last night ! ? ! ? #fml 
now i remember why i hate drinking 😣 😭 #fuck #bedallday 
i want to go back home and go back to sleep , for six more hours :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i misses you , you dont luv me ): 
who the hell let me do all these dumb things last night ! ? ! #fml 
was invited to see USERNAME 3 times over the weekend and wasnt aloud to once #ofcoursenot #missyoubunches </3 
up and not so ready for this day to begin . 😔 
who comes ✌ the club ✌look sad 😔 and 🚶🚶 walk around wit the all night ! 
work at 12 .. short day doe ., no church 4 meh :( 
USERNAME thanksgiving week i'll be in town , happy hour ? ? i'm on the road all week starting at 7am tomorrow . :-( 
USERNAME even though i <3 twilight , the hobbit might win cus of all the lord of the rings luvers . :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME we should be at #disney right now 😭 
my touch screen is not wanting to work today on my iphone .. not a good thing at all :( 
USERNAME puuh , fik lige et sug i maven :( 
definitely not on my a game last night . how did i get home ? ugh , shower , then back to bed . #hungover #puker 😨 😲 😣 
i fucking hate having dreams like that ! 😠 😢 😔 
imiss my boos USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ♥ ifeel like such a horrible friend kuz ihaven't seen them :( 
holy shit i need sleep #fml breakfasts and jungle bungle in like 2-3 hours ......... 😴 😐 😯 😶 😑 👊👎 
my mind is still blown from what she said . 😦 😯 😧 
so sad that i didn't get to see USERNAME last night . :( 
omg woke up with the worst pain in my back ..... :( 
i'm done trying . if you want me in your life , let me know . :( 
so much shit to do then one thing comes up to take the whole day ! #fml 
i love waking up to USERNAME but hate 'waking up' from about 2 hrs sleep and feeling like my neck will detach at any moment #imsick :( 
why do i always forget the only charger i have 😔 
USERNAME followed another member of tb last night , and it wasn't me :( falling into a deep dark depression now . 
literally have a migraine .. gonna take a xanax and sleep . :( bye #sadday 
USERNAME omg thats so sad no more lets go blue :[ [[ 
#beingcornyforjustin USERNAME i lost my teddy ... ): will u sleep with me ? (; 
i'm jealous of everyone going out to run ! i have to work ): 
bittersweet moments today . i don't wanna leave ! :( 
hate being here with abuela . :'( (@ metro health hospital) URL 
i'm really starting to miss being tan .. 😞 i can't wait until it's march 
i did not plan for that to happen last night . i'm sorry everyone :( 
it feels like i don't tweet as much anymore ;( #sadday 
USERNAME it really does d'x all i wanted was to be happy with the guy i love but it never comes out that way does it d'x its bullshit </3 
USERNAME awh im glad i met you too , sorry i was sleeping :( atleast i talked to you through out the night ... lol 
USERNAME halo 4 was totally a 10. sad at ending though :( 
USERNAME aww :( it's cool thanks for trying though ! 
USERNAME lololololololololol i just want to hear that song love :( 
USERNAME really ? :( omg ! i hope you're okay ! how did u mange to fall down the steps haha ! ? 
i woke up thinking that was a really scary dream , and then i looked at my phone and realized it actually happened #fml 
USERNAME 😥 i mean there's always something to do on sunday .. i might just smoke some 🌳 
my head and throat hurt and i still have to work :( 
awuh ! my huge cheeks are going away . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME why ! ): see the live performance . zayn ! ! swoons . 
feel like crying my eyes out ! ! #pissed #crying #boyfriend #moving #oregon # :'( 
when i put water in my oatmeal instead of milk :-( 
hmm well i guess nothing since there's no food in my house 😔 
a year ago; i would've never pictured us being here . 😔 
fuck waking up this early , power went out and the house is freezing . i just want to cuddle my man and stay warm :( 
USERNAME really ? ! ? omfg same here mines like swollen shut .. it's so embarrassing , & i feel like i got beat w/ a bat 😭 
hate saying goodbye to my mom 😢 #momma 'sgirl obviously 
USERNAME i agree . mornings should be banned . but it will just ruin afternoons . ( afternoon the new mornings ): -) 
i don't want to work on science fair all day :'( hate my lyfe . 
went to bed upset , woke up upset . this day is going to be awesome . 😔 😒 
USERNAME correct ! we all thought he'd have off till monday , but thats isn't the case :( 
USERNAME ah ! no i hate it ! ! 😣 😣 
when you and your best friend fight #sorry << 😢 💔 
i'm sittin outside USERNAME an USERNAME house wish they were awake so i can say hi before i go to work :( 
i just want a day off , and i don't think i can wait until wednesday :( 
USERNAME USERNAME hell yeah ! me and USERNAME were supposed to be there right now :-( 
USERNAME yeah i'm in bloomington ! ! the one on ge road . no tshirt :( chris stark bought my food though haha 
USERNAME yeah i'm just thankful my area didnt get hit that badly i have such survivor guilt :( but we doing the best ! 
tickets sold out at the house of blues for USERNAME noo ! ! ! ! 😢 😢 😢 #weekendjustgotworse 
damn .... going to my abuelas , and not seeing her is going to be weird .. 😔 
cool reading & pulling apart a research paper for the next 5 hours ): 
seriously , i can't sleep in :( like ever . 
i miss you . i want you . i need you . :( 
USERNAME in school mode i have no life 😞 need to see you spon 
USERNAME i have no bread or ham or cheese :( to make you eggs wah 😕 
happy birthday to my beautiful gaurdian angel today .. i love you so much mom . i'm sure your having the best birthday ever in heaven . <3 :( 
USERNAME :( me wish i could have been there .... 
USERNAME love you too , but i haven't even slept yet :( 
USERNAME can you pleasee my mom isn't letti g me go :( 
it's so nice out and i'm stuck at work all day 😔 
i've never seen the notebook or mean girls sad life :'( 
USERNAME i'm sorry i didn't answer your call last night :( i was to tired lol what were you doing anyways ? ? 
wish i could just go to heaven for the day .. just to hug and kiss my mom with a proper happy birthday :( 
listening to espn on the way to the game and they seem to think the panthers are gonna win 😭 . i just hope peyton plays well😁👍 
i feel so bad for the poptarts in the poptarts commercials ): 
i miss my kitty :( i want her to get better so she can come cuddle 
waking up late for work bc my alarm doesn't go off <<< #fml 
you ah fuck nigga an ion fuck witcha yts (zay bricks) young3 & duece (fuck niggas ): URL via USERNAME 
my shits fuckin up , its gonna explode if i drive it . rip to the best whip ever :( #sadaf 
USERNAME .. but that's the life ! ahh thought you're coming back :( wht about rabuli 
USERNAME don't say that ! .. were you up this morning around 7 ? if you were i am sorry :( 
and i go back to december all the time 💔 
USERNAME i have two huge blisters on my right foot the size of quarters :( #ouchie 
all i can tell her is ilovee you & miss you :( 
USERNAME thats so lame ! :( im sorry . i don't even know what i'm going to decorate with this year . dont have a tree . 
USERNAME woke craving fresh pancakes hash browns and cheese biscuits #needisayimore lol the closest one is in homestead 😔 
goin back too sleep just don't know what i did too him ... smh :'( 
USERNAME wahh 😢 i miss my velli tho ... let me know if & when u get it again 
USERNAME edi waley , magmumukmok nalang ako sa manila bay . :( 
:-( dosnt want to work all day . sick as can be again . uhh hate this feeling . 
i really wish i can go to church but i got work :( 
i used to have starbucks on a weekly basis . now it's monthly 😞 
i've been up since 6 and everything is running through my head 😔 
ugh blocked from disneyland today & tomorrow 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 only a few more weeks before my pass is up ! ! 😭 😫 😢 
USERNAME woke craving fresh pancakes hash browns and cheese biscuits #needisaymore lol the closest one is in homestead 😔 
hoping i have my food made and my shower and hair done before my buddy comes to get me ... my car is broken 😔 
if i get any better i'll visit inglewood on monday . that is if juli answers my phone calls </3 
USERNAME i knoww 😔 so don't wear letters if you want to hang out with me ! 
USERNAME i wish ! ): i will soon tho <3 
i hate when my dad has work two weekends in a row ... #neverhome #sadtweet 
... i'm single ! i know you got alot going on but i'm doing alot to make you happy and at the end of the night you don't appreciate it 💔 💩 😭 😢 
USERNAME i dunno nugget . but i rearry miss you too ! :( 
i remember when he used to be my crush , << </3 
leavin for new york today ! #soexcited 🌃🌇🌆✈ but gonna miss USERNAME :( 
i wish curt would get up so we can go eat :( i'm hawngrayy 
USERNAME are u opening it ? i alwys wlk ovr there and noones there to open it :( 
3 years ago today jon lost his mom . i'll never forget that day .. wish she were still here , we miss her every single day ! 😥 
wuz goiin tweh church but my bodii n soo much pain ... ugh :( 
USERNAME ugghh that would be so hard 😢 so sorry ! someone would have to pry my son out of my hands #goodluckwiththat 
need to stay awake ... hate watching these orientation videos 😣 
i wonder if #ommf actually meant what #ommf said ... probably true though sucks that i won't get #ommf 😔 
now she won't give me any money cause she doesn't want to support my drug habit . 😥 my life's overr 
how USERNAME && USERNAME tell me iont have a booty almost all the time .. :( 
i'm really getting sad about not being able to talk to my husband for the next two weeks . 😢 
i'm not mad at you , i'm mad at myself for letting this happen again 😔 
not happy about leaving mobile and my cousins today :( 
i'm scared to go downstairs and say hi to all these people . and i'm starving too :'( #ugh 
kinda upset i get paid this friday and not next friday . no black friday for me :( 
my lips and face are all dried up aww poor jadey :( 
USERNAME i know . :( haha worth it naman . kaso pimples at eyebags . -_- 
miriam's not responding -_- i don't know if she's there or not ! 😧 
can't belive the season will be over for me after finals :( sad 
i can't act like i'm okay with life anymore </3 
off to work , i hate working in the morning :( 
omg .... still have all this shit on my mind ! 😣 swear my head is gonna explode 
USERNAME but we stand there .. doing our task for 10 hours a day lol . does standing there all day burn any calories ? ): 
USERNAME don't even get to see the sun set :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME i wish i was with you too ... it's depressing 😪 😔 i haven't seen you in 3 months 
some bitches try to b cute & different but they just fail 😣 
USERNAME i have no phone :( member it broke ! ! ! i used my dads phone last night but i was only texting one person cus i dont know ppls # 
rob's last mass as director of sacred music :'( (@ cathedral of st . paul) URL 
the thai place next door is closed all day :( 
grabe . laki na ng eyebags ko . :( @ worleyparsons URL 
USERNAME i don't want us to end . :( (((( when did we become so far apart ? </3 
today will probably be a sad day at church ... :( 
my friends text my more than me , wtff 😣 
why cant i live in a town with cute boys ? 😔 
why is oli sykes so good looking like why can't u all look like him ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ ☹ 
i woke up like crying cuz my mouth hurts so bad . its been 5 days .. when will it stop hurting less ? ? ? ? :( (( 
not feeling good at all this morning :( good thing i have twitter and can keep up with the highlights . #thissucks 
julia es mi segunda opción de mejor amiga :| (nadie me juzga como ella) :( 
when i look at my avi , i realize that i look nothing like my mom . kinda breaks my heart . she's beautiful . 😔 
USERNAME you look awesome ! why on facebook i can't had you like friend ? :-( 
selena and justin broke up its official that love doesn't exist 💔 
haha . this is so fun . ^^ sadly , kate has to leave soon . :'( 
USERNAME i jst looked & we aint got no pancakes :( 
on this roadtrip , i've seen two dead deer on the side of the road . never seen roadkill that big before . i felt horrible . :( 
i'm just going to have to live with this regret for the rest of my life #sadtweet 
USERNAME *crawls under a rock* .. not very nice ): 
damn i woke up feeling like last night was just a bad dream and then i realized it wasnt 😔 
omg my sore throat is always so much worse in the morning wtf 😔 😖 😩😪😷 
i wish i could be at church this morning , instead of work . ): 
drooling over doughnuts he can't have :( @ st . mary's URL 
USERNAME i dont know how :( you dm me babyy 
sinngllee </3 - he gets mad for no shit ! i'm dome xc that was on friday . ! 
USERNAME u hate me ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i think those hot dogs finally got to me :( 
it would be nice to get a full nights sleep & not wake up in pain and have to take yet another pill :( . getting really tired of this ! 
false alarm it was just mom doing the dishes :( 
drinking is all fun & games until you wake up hungover 😵 #sick 🍻🍻🍺🍺=😷 #fml looks like this girl will be in bed all sunday ! #lazyswag 
USERNAME :( i need to see that ! ! ! ! 
they're firing the cannons at the old fort .. #lestweforget 😔 🇺🇸 
i just wish i could sleep like i used to . 😞 
i haven't even slept at all in 24 hrs 😞 
USERNAME he says thank you ! my little bugger is growing up :( 
USERNAME my godson has his playoff game today too . i wish i was there instead of at work :( 
i don't want to go to work ! ! :'( 
USERNAME shut up balch springs is in dallas and its like im at home baha all ive done is eat and sleep and i think im sick :( 
USERNAME cause i’m always there ! 😭 but ngl i love my job i just don’t wanna down all day working 😩 
i haven't talked to you in two days and it feels like week ): get your phone back . 
USERNAME oh okay and you missed my party :( did you get a invitation ? ? 
fucking crap ! plans would get fucked over ! 😣 
its are 1 month and i cant even spend it with her :c 
USERNAME i'll still be at my dads though .. lol . what about this week ? & something better not have happened alex .... thas my bestfriend . 😔 
what if the people from ben's recognize me on university now 😭 😭 😭 
yeah you did fall asleep on me ! :( you gotta make it up now . 
i had the best dream ever , i was sad when i woke up ): 
USERNAME laamee ! ! ! lol but at the same aaww .. but then again yall dont invite a brother ... :-( 
it's sunday and nobody woke me up for church so i'm not there ! preston and josh are in a hotel after there concert and i'm just chillin ! :( 
i can live with all of the mysteries of last night if someone just tells me where my 5 inch manolos are 😥 💔 👠 
when she off i'm at work when i'm off she's at work 😢 
all i ask is to not be judge cause i have a kid before ya get to know me 😕 💔 
for my cousin who is unsure if he'll even get to come home alive or not #lestweforget 🇺🇸 😔 
gm folks . thank u jesus ! time to get ready for work . :-( 
' if this dog gets cum on me , we gonna have drams ' 😭 
actually sweet tart didn't do me dirty last night , USERNAME did :( 
iwent ta sleep thankin bot her , & woke up thankin bot her :( (( 
USERNAME omg at picture 😱 but miss you more 😔 💔 
my whole body aches ! ! ! work was a kick in the ass yesterday ! 😣 
#thatonetime when you fell in the hallway and no helped you pick up your books . so you just looked stupid :( 
i woke up and i sounded dumb af when i started talking lmao #sick 😭 
USERNAME , girl it was so easy celina got it before i did , but poor kaylah :( she'll get it when she starts counting . 
epic fail on giving blue a bath :( gonna have to take his big ass somewhere #professionalsdoit 
well ...... my entire life's career could be getting changed in the next month 💔 😫 😢 god-willing , i keep my friends through it all , i'll be okay 
USERNAME no they don't have it here :( wow oz will be amazing hope you have an unreal time there there . no were not working here . 
already up .. whats with these early risings ... kids . :( #tired 
my ear piercing is inside my ear 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i seriously dont think i can literally work today , im gonna have to call someone #fml 
USERNAME i tried but i could not find you 😔 
i definitely just fell out of the bed . 😑 😔 what a wonderful way to start my day . 
USERNAME did i hit my head on something yesterday ? it hurts 😢 
got a hole in my favorite leggings 😭 😭 😭 😭 noo😩 
USERNAME 😫 😢 💊 you too ! seems like everyone is sick 
"USERNAME USERNAME my sister need one of somebody's depression pills ... USERNAME dis is a serious matter ... n u make jokes :'( 
i don't make wishes on 11:11 anymore . because i realized my wish will never come true . </3 #ohwell 
my mom woke me up cause she was jumping on the bed singing diamonds 🔫 😡 😞 😒 
:-d i think i just saw rex , but i was going to fast to take a pic :-( USERNAME 
USERNAME i did that last night to my phone :( 
dang .. now who am i supposed to get frozen yogurt with ? 😔 😠 
USERNAME USERNAME i know dang it . if alabama doesn't make it </3 . somebody please beat texas a&m . 
ma bro droc mad her said he ain't seen me n three weeks i been working dirty :( 
two hours into the road trip and already got pulled over . :( 
USERNAME :( what about me , smh u hurted my feelings ! 
last night flirt , killa kam and lboogie did they shit in that who dat performance , we just missed my nigga earl :( free my boy man 
:( rt USERNAME i feel like shit at work . 
haven't had a full week of school in over three weeks . :( this week will suck 
ahh piss wagon ! these days are soo dull :( 
USERNAME USERNAME haha awh ! you two are so pitiful ... but i miss you both too :( 
USERNAME idk , send me a pic 😭 😭 i'm joking , yeah yu 
USERNAME eww that stinks . sorry you can't come . 😥 
my house feels so lonely without my family . 😢 😩 
i wish i was in a good mood :( ... 
USERNAME bul urang ga berani pilok2 disini ey takut di penjara :-( 
damn i feel like i've been hit by a 🚍✈🚌 😔 
then i realized i switched shifts with sam . #fml my body can even sleep pass 8:45 a . m . ugh hate i can't even enjoy my morning off #sleepy 
i want sunrises . but i don't wanna get up 😔 
USERNAME i can't wait to see that movie . it's nowhere in the south . :( 
i was on the phone w rob and told him and was like yeah my car broke down , its awesome and he laughed at me :( 
at urgent care for the second time in 2 weeks . #howfun 😣 😒 
woke up this morning and forgot where i was than i realized it ... man god i need u to help me be strong this hurts so much :( 
quisiera aprender a ser fuerte a las tenttaciones ... :( 
USERNAME i know 😔 come back into my lifee ! ! 
no softball till 1st week of december < #depressing 😭 😭 😭 😭 😥 
happy birthday baby momma🎉🎊🎈 i love and miss you so much 😢 ❤ school is not the same without you . i am glad i meet you 😘 USERNAME 
i may or may not have hung out with jeffery lastnight . 😽 💨 he does not play fair 😾 😈 # @ the heritage on fifth URL 
showerr , i hate thinking bout u now . :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME low key i do lol ! ! :( i need to talk to you later about something_ 
been at the hospital since last night .... miss adalia is not feeling good at all :'( 
now i really wish i was home , your in my prayers uncle dave 😔 
if you make it to easy ? ill move on ! make it to difficult ? you'll never have a chance with me again . theres no pleasing me 😏 😔 
USERNAME ' my fam now baby :o . ' lol we need to kick it soon i miss's u :c 
i have to get my senior pictures done at the mall today . 😔 
i wish there was a starbucks right down the street from my house 😔 
just hoping today doesn't drag ass . adam leaves today . :( 
i love how it was 76 degrees yesterday , perfect parade weather and it was amazing like always and today it's 35 degrees and rainy . 😞 
an he won't eat it that makes it even sadder :( 
what a way to start off a morning ... 😔 
USERNAME idk , i guess everyone went there separate ways .. it sucks :( 
USERNAME i see how you feel now ... my moms boyfriend is fucking annoying . i want my dad ! ! :-( lol 
only thing getting me through this shift 😞 #work #halls #chickennoodlesoup #fren @ nj turnpike interchange 7 URL 
and it still hurts every time he walks out my door . 😔 
just getting home my sister chels hours we had the whole crew there last night we was just missing one person ;-) :-( 
USERNAME miss you more :( can't wait to see you miss ! #loveyou ! 
i feel like i ran a marathon yesterday ! i can barely move . #pregoproblems 😔 
dropped my phone and cracked my keep calm and hakuna matata case 😔 #sadday 
we had a natural gas explosion on the southside of indianapolis last night .. and entire neighborhood was impacted , prayers to everyone :( 
USERNAME i can do o's and cheerios and shit but not that . :( 
USERNAME and we still lived at gmas house haha . i miss you btw :( 
not having my sister USERNAME playing & coming to see my games wit my baby sis USERNAME is gonna kill me 😔 
- i need to go food shopping . my cabinets are dead ass dry 😔 😒 
why does moose breakfast sound so fucking good 😣 #cravingit 
just wanna curl up in a ball and sleep all day . 😔 
i'm a little on the blue side today 😞 someone cheer me up ? 
psalm 3 :( 4-6). the lord substains me , i will not be affraid of ten thousands of people , that have sey themselves againsr me around about . 
USERNAME dude , i'm so fucked right now ): im seriously not trying to do anything today . 
when you only talked to him just 2 hours out of the whole yesterday 💔 💔 
awesome night . too bad it ended :( love you URL 
up but i wish i had sumone to wake up too ugh this singlee shit is boaringg :( rt 
woke up after dreaming about paul leaving for a deployment ... terrible way to start the day 😢 
USERNAME mine liked 2 hours 😞 what the hell is wrong with me this wekeend 
USERNAME so you are laughing at a sisturr :( ? 
i had a dream it was christmas ... but it's not . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME kalem atuh ke taun hareup balik na ge :-( ke kalem senen ku urang kirim gambarna bull 
oh . i feel bad about that one . 👎 😧 
waking up and everyone that was in my bed when i fell asleep left . #booyouguys :( 
fuckin hungover #ugh #fml up hella early gonna go back to sleep fuck all this thank god i finished my hw lol . my poor baby has to go to work 
USERNAME i was looking at pictures from the beach .. i miss it ! & now volleyball is over & i miss you ! :( ( 
hate when i dream of people i really don't wanna see 😒 😔 
knowing you have school in the morning <<<< #fml ): 
didn't buy a ticket for the train :( i never break the rules ! yolo ? ! 
close til 1am . sleep at 4am , then wake up at 7am to get to team meeting in an hour . #wtf is this #fml #mistreatment 
i hate the fact that my knee injury is coming back right when season is about to start to /: 👎 💔 
USERNAME i miss you so much :( we need to get together soon ! ! ! ! 
of course he wakes me up an hour after i get comfortable & back to sleep 😞 
USERNAME noo ! ! my phone is turned off :( ( 😰 😰 
knowing my next day off is next monday 😣 😩 
happy birthday mommy , i miss you more than words can describe :( 
still missing my grandma :'( whys this becoming so hard 
having a morning boner when you sleep on your stomach <<<<<< 😣 
snow possible today ! what the actual fuck ? :( 
USERNAME i know 😔 make sure shannon brings it she'll probably forget ! 
why is the san antonio date not up on ticketmaster yet ? -.- why havent i recieved my pre-sale code ? :( USERNAME 
give me a picture of the o2 - co2 cycle :( (( 
work 1030-8 .. the worst shift to possibly work on a sunday #football #oldpeople #pizza 😔 🔫 
USERNAME yeah i love it ... nah i dont have one my phone is on the windows market :( 
just getting home from my sister chels house we had the whole crew there we was just missing one person ;-) :-( 
i feel like i am going to throw up . :( 
- i'm hungry , &* #oomf refuse to coke breakfast for mee ! 😔 👎 
drunk as fuck last night now i'm steadily regretting that shit as i sit at work smelling the fumes from this plane ... #hungover #fml 
my kidney is failing & my back shirts so bad :( 
i hate taking showers in the morning when it's really cold :( (( 
way to sick for a 12hr shift 😷😷 😞 🔫 #fml #hateit #bullshit 
i grew up in this church and now we gotta say goodbye 😩 😔 
all i want to do is go back to the city ....... #fml this is going to be the worst day ever . 
😾 woke up to jezebel gnawing on my otterbox . 
USERNAME USERNAME noo it's not my fault omg y'all making me feel bad , i'm sorry 😔 
i don't want USERNAME to leave me :( #dontgo #iloveyou 
i freaking hate seeing my bestfriend this upset . 😔 
madd josh fell asleep on oovoo last night ! :( ( 
well .. i guess i'm not getting a kitty today .. unless marcus wants to take us to vermillion , which prob not ... t.t 
forgot to charge myy phone last night , tf was i thinking 😞 
😩 i miss amyah already :( 💔 6 more hours or less . #letshopeshewantstoleavesoon 
i miss laynna 💔 😢 @ happy placee ! URL 
eww the weather is gonna get warmer this week .. noo 😢 
omg noo 😞 rt USERNAME should i pop this muhfuckaa ? URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you ain't never told no lie 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME oh geez .. thanks , kurt :( 
one more day ! oh my god im gonna cry . 😢 
he gne be salty wen i pop up wit hella energy ina min 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 
olivia pope will never officially have fitzgerald grant . #scandal :( 
USERNAME ily more kei ! hurry and come home ! :( 
still so so so sad i couldn't party with my bitches last night . USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😔 
#adateyouwontforget tuesday , july 31, 2012 💔 #pfb 💙 💛 
back hurt , neck hurt & head hurt ! <<<< 😔 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME both of you come back please ! like today ! riverside is so lonely :( 
once again i wake up and i gets no love .. not even on twitter or on facebook :( i guess #nobodylovesmetoday 
i feel so refreshed going to bed at 11pm and waking up at 10am . wish i could do it everyday ... 😔 
i don't want oomf to get locked up again doe 😔 
i wish my great grandma could see me now ! ! ! , smile telling ppl bout ms grand baby (tear) 😢 😢 
i missed my 1,000th tweet 54 tweets ago ): .. well 55 now 😩 
the fact that my boyfriend said he there was a draft he would sign himself up<<<< 😭 USERNAME 
USERNAME my mom wanted me to swim for highland too but i said 😭 👎 haha lets do it ! highlanders is so far ! ! 
USERNAME i miss youu bby ): we never chill anymore 
me too .. :( too cold here .. rt USERNAME missing my hot summer days 
USERNAME #oh simple thing where have you gone ... " miss you :( 
wish we could've brought leila on vacation 😢 😭 🐶 💔 
i feel like death . :'( i'm so tired . work 11-8 
USERNAME nahh i can barley talk its possible i have strep :( 
just realized i shattered my phone last night ..... wahh 😤 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME at least you hangout with your best friend ! mine never has time for me anymore ! :( 
working a double today ! 👍 ........ 👎 😔 🔫 
***please god i don't want to be late for my meeting 😔 😭 😪😫🙏 
USERNAME stupid fundraiser thing and my sister came home # :( 
USERNAME i can't :( i told my gram i'd spend the night at her house :( 
USERNAME i just said you tweeting me was the highlight of my day lol . how can you find room to place blame in my tweet ? 😔 
USERNAME we were almost there last night . minus one key component :( 
i miss my buddy USERNAME and our girl talks ! ! :( 
USERNAME 😔 sometimes i can't help but to .. just feel badd all the time 
hey . i'm sick :( ( text me ? :* 
USERNAME i've never heard it on the radio ! :( 
USERNAME doesn't this song make u wanna f :c k a spanish chick ? ? ! ! lol URL 
USERNAME hahah why didn't you text me ..... i went two hours ago :( . sorry dude 
got to chick-fil-a before i realized its sunday #depressed #chickfila 
time is flying by , i wish it would slow down my little brother will be a month on tuesday , he's everything i ever wanted ! stay wittle 😔 
USERNAME lizzie i know i miss all of you guys :( we have to plan something really soon ! 
USERNAME i love you too , and i definitely know :( <3 
the beautiful city i'm about to leave 😥 #atl #wewillmeetagain @ downtown atlanta URL 
could it get any colder in this church ? might as well hang me from the ceiling & package me like meat . 😒 😣 
the only thing that sucks about my roommate leaving is that she's taking the ps3 and we can no longer watch dvds :( 
USERNAME bigyan mo ko picture ung dun sa o2 - co2 na cycle :( ( pate sa nitrogen hehe :( 
i think my bestie USERNAME trying to divorce me without telling me 😧 
no , next 3 parties , i'm thinking 1. ladies free: 2. bring canned goods get in free (sandy ): 3. everyone free . let's discuss @ production mtg 
i always seem to miss when my phone is at 69% battery :( 
USERNAME we are so embarrassed wvu where is that explosive offense are they broken down mentally please send dr . phil right away :( 
i really didn't think it would be this hard ... ): 
just had a dream i was at bayfront ): USERNAME 
USERNAME lol we did ! ! and then left like right after we got there :( there were so many ppl there 
tired and sad jason is tired and slightly sad . blahh . i wanna to back to that dream :( #notsquee 
i think being on 50 floor rooftop with no sweater got me sick 😿 
what the fuck went on last night i just want USERNAME and USERNAME right now ): mehh 
time to get ready for work . 😔 😑 😑 
you know those days you hungout with your record player wondering what the kids up the street were up to ? yeah , its like that :-( 
gotta go to work with gma didn't even no :( 
never knew love would hurt this fucking bad , worst pain i've ever had 💔 
USERNAME so you never took me to the lodge .. to see the sunset ... not cool 😭 
what do i do on a sunday without a browns game ? #sadtweet 
USERNAME come see me , i don't have a car anymore :c 
i have been getting a fever like once a week for the past 3 weeks . moving = stress = stupid . ughh #backtobed :( 
USERNAME waahh 😢 😢 😢 but good luck on your exams auntie ! 💚 💚 💚 
auntie butt sick :( hate to see him like this , his fat ass snoring his life away . devil wnt stop our show we still goin to get our blessings 
i hate seeing people i love sad 😔 😰 #peoplesuck 
USERNAME USERNAME aw i miss you so much :( ( i wanna come visit you . 
this weather makes me want to lay in bed and watch movies , but instead i have to work all day :( 
oh noo ! another 30 mins to 12/11/12 . 11/11/12 please dont go :( 
USERNAME i miss you too 😔 i'm at home , i'm coming back later today 
USERNAME eww ! ! for creamy peanut butter ! ! 😣 😱 
it's so hard getting out of bed knowing i have so much homework to do today 😩👎 💔 🎓📝📓✏📚☕🍜 
rainy days>> ... except when i have to work :( 
USERNAME oh hi loser , i miss you :( we seriously need to plan something soon ! #oldbffz #needtoreunite #asap 
my dream >>>> and then i woke up . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME super missing my sunday morning dates today ! :( #happysad 
about to head to church and my car wont start . :( 
if i can't be a strong person right now how am i gone expect to face the adult life >>>>> hopefully not weak 😔 
#girlproblems ... ? can't get rid of them 😣 😔 
USERNAME :( i will try to be more positive lol 
USERNAME waahh waahh ! that looks so good ! :( i am starving lol ! those are my favorite hash browns and cheese omelette ? 😩😫 
USERNAME i'm cold i don't wanna get out of bed 😔 
lastnight wasnt what it is cuz tyera wasnt with me :( 
sunday= writing paper day . mood 4 some coffee #starbucks holiday #peppermintmocha though . :( 4 more weeks i can do this . #college 
still didn't get a chance to do anything for my bday :( 
might as well say im on bed rest ! ugh :-( 
i admitt tht USERNAME is smarter thn me ! ! duhh , sometimes u just have to accept it ! :( awesome 😊 😣 
seeing good food and not being able to eat it :( #willpower #goal 
you're doing exactly what you promised you wouldn't :( this isnt going to be easy ... 
USERNAME i'm signed up but i go the flu 😷 😭 #imissyou 
USERNAME i would give anything to bump with you to that song in the rover again 💔 
my whole body hurts and i just dont know why :( 
i'm gonna have to watch the walking dead alone tonight 😔 
USERNAME you're welcome ! you're lucky though . you've got 1k followers . i got 72 :( 
hell yeah , i had that kid cudi wristband on too 😔 rt USERNAME USERNAME remember when we met wale ? 
USERNAME i missed you last night 😔 lets have that dinner date this week with kota and rachel ! 
i reeaally need to learn to be patient 😞 😑 
i completely forgot about winter uniforms tomorrow 😡 😭 😔 
if i ever lost her . i would like die 😔 
i am so upset i left a full mug of coffee at home which i meant to bring to work :( 
USERNAME but ... but ... i wanted to know what happened next ... 😔 
what a lovely day . and what better way to spend it than 7 straight hours inside flipping burgers at mcdonald's .... 😭 🔫 
i , miss how things use to be ., :( 
fucking pissed off , but i'll just have to make the best of it . 😞 😕 
noah and nate and food are a floor above me but like these blankets 😢 
the dream i just had made me wake up in tears 😢 
i swear i always fall for your type .. 😔 
USERNAME why didn't you wake me up last night ? :( 
well you seem like you don't need me . that's one reason why i stop talking to you . 😔 
damn i havent heard from my bff in forever :( 
USERNAME i don't even got 2k13 yet .. i'm slippin :( 
USERNAME dang ! ! :( they would be so much fun ! ! ! ! 
i'm ready for this date night , i miss her smile :( 
having mixed feelings about working and going back to school tomorrow 😞 
USERNAME i'm not sure yet , but i don't think so :( 
say no becky , say no becky , say no becky . 😔 🔫 
just seen zana's tweet , i want my belly button repierced :( 
i drink out of sippy cups cause i just want to be a little kid again 😞 
just woke up and my stomach started to hurt :( 
USERNAME 😔 😢 😪 😥 😰 noo , i hope u not cause u making me feel soo bad . 
i'm not going to be able to watch the full game of chelsea vs liverpool 😭 
eekk i missed u 😥 solo team next week USERNAME 
eww its finally sundayy ! school tomorrow ! ! ! :( 
my poor eye :( looks like i got punched in the eye .... URL 
eu quero camp yázigi , sdds de tudo lá ): 
screw all those new beliebers who bought tickets that could've went to a fan who has been here since the beginning :( 
USERNAME okay good 😔 because i don't remember anything at all 
USERNAME i won't be able to us though .. 😔 😁 
i was pricing french bulldogs and they're all around 1,300 ) ): noo 
i get myself in such bad situations . 😣 #useyourbrainclara 
okay tweeps ! off to bed . it was a long shift complete with code blue :( 
USERNAME girl i have this really bad cold , headache , earache , and my body sore ! ! and i have too stay in bed and get some rest ! ! :-( 
USERNAME most of it went away since i spent an hour and a half rubbing it last night .. but still there #fml 
i have so much homework today .. 😭 😒 😒 
why do i do this to myself ? 😔 #alwayshurt #foreveralone 
hungry again .. that's why i hate pooping alot .. lol diarrhea </3 
today would have been the day that i saw switchfoot live . instead i study safety and work on seminar due tomorrow ! :( 
USERNAME yes ! ! ! ! omg i woke up in a good mood and then realized none of it was real ! 😔 😔 😔 😞 😣 
didn't even realize there was an eric church concert in sac last night ! wish i could have gone . 😔 
getting your wisdoms teeth out sucks ! my jaw hurts soo bad 😞 
USERNAME it was a man's voice going ohhuhh like 5 times and i died inside :( 
its been 4 days since i have seen my bestfriend :( USERNAME 
- all i wanna do is see a movie and i can't because my parents won't drive me anywhere . #ugh #fml 
i think it's funny that i pay for unlimited texts and phone calls and i have noone to talk to .... what a waste 😔 
USERNAME whaa ? ! ? ! & i know :( 
2 days ,& black ops comes out . & i won't have it 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME i love youu ! ! ! it was a shit call anyway :( 
USERNAME i was working :c there is no hate . 
USERNAME hun im sorry please forgive me :'( #sadtweet #57days 
this part makes me realize how lonely i really am 😞 
and this is why i never depend on people 😔 
i don't want us to be strangers again . 😔 
my charger is all the way in my car and my laptop is about to die :( 
USERNAME said that they is a air force ball but only the higher ranks usually get the tickets :( USERNAME USERNAME 
omgaa the worst new ever my fav uncle passed away ! i gotta leave ga now 😢 
it shouldn't be this stressful . my tummy is in knots and i'm getting a migraine :-( #overdoingit 
i hope you're just kidding cause that's all i was looking forward to ! 😔 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 had to ! it's sunday tho shoot better take yaa ass to church . #preach 🙏🙌 
USERNAME i deleted it :( but i'll reenact it later . hilarious hahaha 
having guests over is hard because i actually have to wear pants . 😡 💔 
USERNAME lol i'm soo sorry but i didn't have your number && it was nice i had girls && boys there i wish i would've told you tho ! :( 
i don't think i've ever woke up being this blue 😔 
USERNAME runnin a muck cm are ya haha ? ? ye its poxi without it :( lookin forward te gettin home now for a good break ha 
USERNAME i would if i had any , but i don't :( 
USERNAME what ! that's pathetic :( i'm sorry :/ no one in my family knows i have a twitter but my sister lol 
USERNAME is my best friend and i love her so much . she deserves so much more then she has . i'm sorry you're going through this :( 
i'm at the airport , see lovers crying due to separation . </3 
happy veterans day ! makes me miss my residents :( you were hot when you were 20 #thehills 
i slept so bad last night it was ridiculous than when i actually got comfortable i had to wake up and go to work ...... #fml 
should i get up ? i'd rather stay in bed till work #fml #whyme 
the last thing i want to do today is work . 😢 
USERNAME haha i am not too sure that will work :( lol 
USERNAME i wish u and alvarez argued last night 😭 impressed u won the bet though 👌 
wtf ! ! ! i can't believe alabama lost lastnight . 💔 oh well they still my team for life . #rolltidenigga 
hopefully i see my boy tonight , i miss him so fucking much 💔 😔 
watching this all star competition today is killing me ! #missit 😣 👯🎀 
wakingg up to this song , bringgs back memories 👎 💔 URL 
i really wanted to go to leah's baptism but USERNAME 's parents probably hate me now :'( 
ugh my throat is killing me .... 😣 😔 😫😩 
the fact that you wont talk to me makes me feel like i fucked up </3 
i really need some drapes for my bedroom window . wayy too bright . 😣 
i wish i could say story's like kate and eddie do 😔 
my tummy is not having this sunny d i drank 😩🙊👎 💔 
i keep having dreams about the same person and it's killing mee 😭 
i feel like i should be tired i only got 2 hours of sleep 😔 
USERNAME and USERNAME owe me big time #sickling 😣 😣 
USERNAME its english i dont wanna do it tho :( 
president barack obama's complete election night victory speech (23 minutes ): video at youtube URL 
im so heart broken that my fossil necklace broke :( 
how are things in sheepshead bay ? :( #occupysandy USERNAME 
was looking forward seeing #lincoln this wknd but discovered that this isn't a :-( . #lincoln #movies #film 
USERNAME and USERNAME please just google your guys names and look at all the amazing pictures of you guys . don't give up :( 
USERNAME seriously we used to be like best friends :'( and don't you live right next to me pretty much ? haha 
USERNAME lol if i didn't have to slave away at vs i'd come and help out :( 
all i wanted was a relaxing day off before i begin working 2 weeks straight . 😥 
USERNAME you're not retarded ! sorry ! i am shame faced 😔 
i wish has was this cheap at home 😢 #iampoor #2 .92 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME it's a resterunt . <-- too tired to spell things right . haha . #sleepy ): 
havingg a meeting at 8 am for work ? #fml #tired 
i hate having to abandon my bed at time like this .... when i need sleep ... lol 😔 
why am i awake so early ? ? ? ? oh yeah ... bc my head is killing me :( 
USERNAME when i come home from al , my moms just gonna be like , lmao i'm jell 😔 
crazy request from a crazy lady (me ): can i paypal one of you guys $50 so you can paypal it back to me ? 
today is a day i wish my grandpa was home :( i love youu . 
USERNAME i just quit mine ! there's nothing worse then being somewhere you hate . totally feel you ! 😞 
so mad ! i lost my flippin gameboy charger ! :( #nomorepokemon 
USERNAME it won't let me -.- :( ((((((( fucking phone . 
USERNAME bad car wreck :( one of our co workers is in icu 
i wanna cry when i see old people eating alone 😞 😫 
sorry USERNAME all the food i had last night i ate it all ! :( 
USERNAME ana i hate it here safa 😞 each day i wish i never came i regret my decision of coming here 😞 
the wind in chicago is so crazy it has a name . i think it has arrived for the season . reluctantly saying hello to 👋 😣 
#tbtw is over . what am i going to do with my life now ? i'll miss you zombies </3 
USERNAME USERNAME i wish i was there so badly :( love you guys ! 
moving to the west side next week , imma miss my USERNAME )) ): 
i hate when i'm laying in bed , and on my phone . and then i drop my phone on my face . :( 
really wishing this sickness would've waited until next week to come 😞 
my mind is just not in church this morning .... 😔 
this work say is going by so slowly 😔 🔫 
USERNAME good good ! still think its a shame you're not on my vegas , today :( 
i bought a outfit and got my haircut ....... lmao swear i had a date ... stood up :-( 
beautiful day here in north ga ! too bad that i have to work :( 
& am still checking my phone waitingg forr thaat messagee i will never get ! 😞 💔 
USERNAME i'm sorry . :( you should definitely text me ! 
oh no . ): sorry . mt USERNAME a girl and her beloved dog . thanks dylan for 16 amazing years . #heartbroken URL 
wish i could go to church today , my christian music will have to do for now 😥 🙏 
definitely messed that up with him . #waytogo 👎 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME that is exactly how i felt when i woke up this morning ! a little nostalgia and smiles , and then awful depression :'( 
i feel like shit . & don't even remember last . success or failure ? i have no clue . 😑 #fml 
we used to be so close .. and now you treat me like some stranger .. #cool #sadtweet 
this is gonna be a long day ahead of me . 10 hours or work . ): 
i miss USERNAME so much . seriously need some girl time . 😢 
i just want to be back in bloomington and snuggling :( 
USERNAME hahahaha no :( it's the song that goes all the small things 
i just want to put my new nose ring in already ! :( 
i hate everything about my dreams last night . 😔 #leavemealone 
:-( rt USERNAME pastors: after every election , 50% of our country is always depressed . a word of encouragement today will help many . 
and i'll be at work watching the USERNAME tonight . ): #bullsonparade 
USERNAME skcovirpapmvpajfks stop being so cute 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i can't remember the last time i was this sick this often 😔 
all thatts gonnee now .... i cant go back to sleep because ii got used to you sending me messagez at this time ! 😞 
wow im not even going to be able to spend deanas birthday with her ): " :( (((( during the day babygirl ! 
i dont say this very often but wayy too many shots ... still drunk as a skunk 😔 
just talked to my mom on viber . missing her so much ! 😞 
taking care of yourself when you're sick sucks .. :'( ( 
see all i have are pictures if you , yall just dnt understand this shit hurts 💔 i @ #ej know wussup with me💘💞💓 URL 
i hate it no matter what i do i am always be that dumb chick #depressed 
if my mom actually takes ella to the pound , i will literally be a mess . a full on mess . #mybaby #sadtweet 
USERNAME i goons miss you :( ^__^ but i had fun with you 
great day in cleveland with my besties ! miss them already :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i wokee up likee 😴 😦 😧 😟 😥 😵 😫😈👹🔥💥⚡🔪🔫💣💊 .... 😇 
i was really wanting mcds breakfast this morning . ): damn it . 
there's a guy playing an electric organ at this festival . i hate organs . #fml 
i'm soo sweet to him , an he doesn't even care ... #sadtweet . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you guys are all send offs ! ! lol :( 
USERNAME awhh ! ! ! i miss this :( ( 
it's like USERNAME is here 😕 😔 #wishfulthinking @ high praises church URL 
USERNAME jackie's car . like its so bizarre . only things in the purse i want back #myweed #mycarkeys :( 
of course USERNAME is in vegas after i just left :( ugh ! ! 
USERNAME you nd mom need to come back soon soo hurryy upp :( (((( 
140 letters is not enough for what i have to say .. so i just going to tell u i'm in love with u and that should say it all .... 😔 
USERNAME my goodness ! someone just told me it's tacky :( i don't think it is ! 
how dare my nostrils take turns getting clogged up . #fml 
i wish i would have pooped before we left for this long car ride #fml 
USERNAME i feel you ! :-( its nothing like those plans on a sunday ! if you were here would invite you over ! becoming a beast on the grill ! 
i haven't slept in for the last 3 weeks #sadtweet 
this day is already starting off like crap 😒 😒 😒 😒 😞 😁 <<<<<<< 
my hearts hurting right now from all tje worries 😣 
springsteen's like one of my favorite country songs too 😔 
USERNAME i tried so hard ! auto correct apparently just didn't want to work last night . :( 
when i walk through the mall all the other girls are dressed up ,& i have a t-shirt on , & my hair in a bun and i'm just like , oh okay . 😔 
noo my dad doesn't have the stronger the love on his phone :( what is this URL 
USERNAME it's such a shame honestly 😔 😒 shit is so fucked up an it seems to all be gettig worse and worse instead of all better 
via last tweet .. that the text i wanted but didnt get :( 
wish i could take my coffee in :( (@ dilworth united methodist church) URL 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss having my bras put in the freezer , & having pictures taken while being dead asleep ): 
USERNAME isn't frontier already owned by some mn corporation ? :( 
ian get to talk to my boo yesterday at all ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME damnn ! ! ! yeke :( u should go n checkk att 
work 10-8. gonna suck ! while my boyfriend is sleeping .. 😔 😭 #lucky 
tila bit my lip yesterday and now its swollen :( 
yeah i love being sent to the emergency room #not 😫 😥 😡 
USERNAME i found a one shot on there this morning and *dead* now i can't find it again :( 
i spent all my money on nellys last night , 😔 😒 #fatpeopleproblems 
when my boyfriend takes care of me when i'm ouchy and loopy :( ) 
USERNAME waah :( take all da time you need gurl 
kinda wish i was going home for thanksgiving :( missing my friends ! 
cleaning out my grandmas house today . so many memories washed away with the storm . 😣 
yoo , dont me , you wanna fight about it tho ? ! > :( 
USERNAME it's 30 degrees ? ! it's 60 here ! that means it's coming this way .... #fml #coldsucks 
USERNAME i just listened to 1ds song . its cute and all , but im not into slow love songs so i dont really like it . ): 
i want nothing more than to be happy , and be happy with the person who makes me happy . but that person just doesn't see it that way :( 
when you don't get a text from that someone . <<< 😔 
i think i'm going to give up trying to get a follow from USERNAME #saveandvoteunionjtoday </3 
i wish i could sleep until you text me back :( 
USERNAME i know :( and yes we do . it's sad that we don't even hang out and you live two streets down from me :/ 
my aunts dog is dying :( she's had her for 20 years . #iloveyougypsy 
USERNAME i know :( it was a good one too ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME saints 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 5 games back 
we both know i'm not what you need , i will always love you ❤ 😔 
USERNAME naw i'm at kyle crib :( i forgot you're in town 
even though shes a hoe i still love her # :( 
USERNAME holy cow .. i don't even remember that 😔 
5 more days before school holidays . i will fking miss me husband :'( 
USERNAME thank you beautiful ! ! ! i miss you ! 😔 
having a pimple on your nose is like having a boil . #fml 
sponge bob is over , now what am i supposed to do ? 😞 
USERNAME it wasn't on our print ! i'm so disappointed :-( looking forward to 40 this christmas . 
im extremely disappointed :c i just wanted to stay home in houston , but no . 
id be happy with my body if i didnt have a huge ass belly v.v lol . 
i honestly enjoyed my last two days off work but unfortunately , i go back to work today :-( 
i just raced an old lady at the lights near market basket today . i lost ... #sadtweet 
wish i could remember all these snapchats i sent & received 😔 #sadday 
running late due to a car key incident :( (@ dauphin way baptist church) URL 
i just like when my backs played with ..... 😔 
USERNAME aww shit that sucks :( well , hey , at least you have the cd 
i keep telling myself if you wanted to talk to you'd text me . 😔 #itsreallyover 
USERNAME except i fell asleep 😔 hahahaha sorry bb . 
i'm so hungry but evyn has like no food . 😢 💀 
haha omg 😔 made a fool of myself at the car wash .. i alwayd go through touchless so this whole lining car up and neutral drive stuff 👎 
lmao unfortunately not 😢 but when ya find someone let me know ! ! 
just realized i only brought flip flops & it's suppose to snow ❄❄ 😶 #fml 
i havent talked to my little brother in like a month . & hes not answering my phone calls :'( ( 
:( rt USERNAME how many liverpool fans does it take to screw in a light bulb ? none , they just URL 
a sincere s/o to kimberly , USERNAME 's mama , didnt get up in time to meet her 😔 
USERNAME where are the hearts i can't find them ! ! ! ): 
USERNAME i know . i have to work too :( 
tired on so many levels but can't fall back asleep ): #sleepdeprived 
USERNAME yeea im in cerens bed trying to get rid of this massive headache :( 
USERNAME yeah :( i watched those vids on youtube last night . i woke jayden up from laughing so hard . 
10 am . all i want is breakfast right now . 😞 
USERNAME i love you to death drunkie and i'm gonna miss you so much :( kick ass in the army . :* can't wait till februay love you 
now im failing band ._____. i guess no all city for me now :c </3 
if you rent an apt in ma , i urge you to stay away from the hamilton company . morons dropped a tree on my car , then towed my rental . #fml 
USERNAME you've missed out so much in life ! :( hope you reunite with another grilled cheese ! lol 
USERNAME i'm gonna get one i know it . i puked this morning and last night ... i'm gonna get in trouble too ! :'( #christiancollegeprobs 
wow ... they are both growing up too fast :-( @ moe's house URL 
USERNAME omg now i feel bad i'm sorry 😔 😩 😖 😢 
sunday afternoon live greyhound racing (all time's et ): naples-ft . myers 12:15pm , palm beach 1:00pm , pensacola 1:00pm cont . 
to fucked up last night i lost my hat :( 
USERNAME the notebook is playing later today and it makes me miss you 😥 😘 
it's official .. my baby girl is 2 years old today .. where's the time gone 😞 
the nhl lockout depresses me more and more everyday 😕 💔 
i'm sorry if i didn't answer until now but i fell asleep :( 
USERNAME ugh why don't u live in memphis so oh could refer me haha :'( 
i wanna go to frankfort for thanksgiving , but i don't wanna argue with mom about it/not see nanny on her bday . #soconfused :( 
whatever that's gone be my pooh cause makiyah don't be stunt me :( 
i think my fat ass ate too much last night my stomach is killing me 😔 😩 😰 
USERNAME you not come last night 😭 i missed my dancing partner 
great sunday funday workout with USERNAME USERNAME #jerandjay #jj #jj too bad amanda is slacking these days and only did 2 😥 
i think i broke my dam back .... ouch :( 
daddy's deer not mine :( wish i could take credit but i cant . congrats to my daddy though 
USERNAME hahaha if i didn't have to work at 11 :( 
i wish i had enough willpower to dress nice because everyone probably thinks i'm a bum considering i love in tshirts and norts/leggings 😖 😔 😁 
can i get a simple cup of coffee without being followed the whole way there and back ? i guess not . ): 
USERNAME USERNAME clammy is conflicted ): she don't know whether she wants to be edge or not ): #xedgex 
you pissed me off , it's raining , i'm tired , i want to cuddle , i need a good movie to watch & i miss my best friend ! ! #frustrating 😒 😏 😔 😞 😥 😢 😠 💔 ☔ 
i don't wanna get outta bed to go to work 😔 
you got bball practice nigga . lol rt USERNAME no football practice monday :( (((( 
i hate having bad dreams 😞 but i need to clean , do laundry , homework & the gym . 
USERNAME USERNAME i can't go my mom won't let me :-( 
i feel like everything has just been going to shit lately 😞 
happy birthday ! you prolly forgot about me 😞 but don't let anyone ruin your special day 😁 😘 🎉🎁 
USERNAME exactly . i'm shit outa luck and we all know my car is cray wit that alarm so idk what i'm gunna do :( 
i'm sad , that i have to work tonight . i'll miss the walking dead tonight :( boo on that . 
this trip was too short 😥 💔 🌺bye mommy 💜 bye sis💐bye doggies and kitty xoxox URL 
just want the klan to get together #wah 😭 😪 😥 😰 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i don't wanna know if your playing me just keep it on the low cause my heart can't take it anymore 😔 
USERNAME im saying :( when you gona come see me or hang ? 
so jealous that everyone can enjoy the weather today 😔 
jealousy - i said its when someone gets mad when someone else talks to a certain person . he said .. . </3 
USERNAME hell dhey getting older :( corry dnt be stun me eitha 
all my tweets lastnight were about one person . ): 
i really miss my god mom ! i wish i could see her why i was here but i have to work today . :-( 
our parents had a early convo today USERNAME :( USERNAME 
the fact that i should be getting ready , but i don't want to because i feel like you're not going to show up ... </3 
i forgot my other hoodie at home :( guess i have to wear the one from yesterday . 
wish i got text . :( . can't remember the last time i got a sweet morning text 
not to be dramatic , but it's so cold it's uncomfortable to sleep 😣 
operation :c hristmas child is a go . @ rrbc URL 
i've been so incredibly happy lately . i just wish everyone i love and are close to me were just as happy . :c 
i want mcdonald's breakfast , but my mother left to work .... :( 
now i won't see my sousaphone or my sousaphone player boyfriend today </3 
i had such a great nights sleep , but all i wanna do today is lay in bed . #lazy #ugh 😔 
i'm so sick of my late shifts at the bar :( 
no one to talk to .. i guess it's back to sleep 😔 
will , stop being extra . it's just earrings 😾 
that moment when you find put that theres no nba games on national tv today<<<<<<<< #sadtweet 
USERNAME i'm struggling with the same challenge ! lol can't find the energy to move quite yet 😞 
heading home :( thanks for a fun weekend , dana ! & laura & molly & jess & kathy (@ wilmington , oh) URL 
a dude elbowed me in the face last night :( 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah as it's been said , the was damn near absent :( 
USERNAME they wouldn't taste the same ): haha . we'll have some for christmas <3 
i miss my family ): i wish i could be with them 
USERNAME aww :( i just finished my nursing paper due friday ... seems like you're always busy anyway haha 
i have to get out of USERNAME house right now 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 🏃🏃🏃🏃🏃🏃🏃🚶🚶🚶🚶🚶 
one brother is flying home today ! :( even though you like to tackle me to the ground , i will miss you , surprisingly . 
slept so rough ... and had a bad dream on top of that 😕 👎 😔 
i had a glass of water .......... it tastes like rum . ): 
woke up to a text saying hey babe where u at ima roll thru ! it was my gf but me like a dumbass was sleeping :( fuck i'm pisse d: ( 
USERNAME fuck yew for not letting me retweet this :( 
working today ... like real job , not writing . hope i can get something done soon , anything . my writing has fallen off the rails this week :( 
USERNAME i did not ! ! ! 💔 😩 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
we made it to the championships .. then we lose 24-0 ... 😥 
last summer in nh i was the only one who sang all the USERNAME songs at their show and now i can't get tix to see them in nashville :( 
its only been 2 days , and im dieing to talk to you , </3 #ineedmybestfriendback . 
USERNAME USERNAME all of us training camp kids were just in my dreamm :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME rt >> e-shotty (prod . by melle mel jr ): URL via USERNAME 
that awkward moment when you realized you was that guy last nite #teamtoofuckedup #fml 
craving ihop again lol back to the old days of eating it once a week 😣 
i might not be in school tommorow , losing my voice :( 
#voicesofthebrook #tcww i should be in the choir stand right now 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 URL 
😢 last night was the awkwardest night bc only kelly and heather knows 
i want to exercise . but i can't for a month 😔 
i have to get a's on my quiz and on my next exam in order to get a c in this class . this is getting ridiculous :( 
i know i shouldn't think about the negatives in life , but it's just so happens to be what i constantly think about #overit 😔 
USERNAME i miss my britt :( text me so i have your number ! ! ! 
USERNAME same here :( oh well next year don't worryy 
i know i shouldnt be thinking like this . ugh :( 
USERNAME lucky . i couldn't sleep for ish last night . :( 
this day would of been special if he were to say _____________ 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 . 
future - neva end an no matter what and rihanna - you da one 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME i have to do that all the time :( 
all i wanted to do was watch cars 2, but noo . 😭 😡 ------ USERNAME i am still bitter about this ... 
he was cursing in russian , i was like 😦 
i wanna b home . i miss my baby </3 
chase got nailed by a skunk last night :( puppy bath time is not how we envisioned spending our night . 
i hate being sick , i just wish i didn't have to move :( #toomuchpain #dontwannawork 
USERNAME that's what i usually wear but it's in the laundry so i had to wear a different one :( and i don't even breast feed , only pump 😭 
USERNAME i didn't go , i didn't think anyone was here this weekend :( 
USERNAME c: if you fail on my birthday your gonna get tackled . :c lol jkjk . you better do your homework >.> 
USERNAME ohh i realize who it was okay . yeah i was supposed to see him but didn't :( 
on sunday realizing how much homework you have .... #fml 
i am such a light weight 😔 this is why i never drink 
USERNAME alas , only passing through . sandy mucked with my itinerary :( 
wont get to see memphis may fire tomorrow .... my life will never be complete . </3 USERNAME #sadness #nolife #depression 
so upset & hurt that my neighbor cut down the tree my dad planted 😔 
USERNAME oh ok and did u know that me xbx broke :/ it can't read cd's so i have to send to microsoft so that they fix it :( 
have not been this sick in a hot minute . kill new 😣 😷😩😤 😵 👂👀👎 
USERNAME i miss you too :( well have to meet up sometime soon whenever i come again ! 
USERNAME awh don't cry ): you deserve to be happy ! 
USERNAME i hate that i barely get to see you :( 
you know you're depressed when you don't even care that the patriots are playing today . :( 
so .... i work tomorrow ... forgot . guess i should try and make it home . :( 
rt USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME e-shotty (prod . by melle mel jr ): URL via USERNAME 
when sam is saying bye to bumblebee in transformers 3 😭 
ughh please don't tell me my hubby and i have caught the flu :( 
all i can think about is what happened last night 😔 and i feel terrible 
USERNAME oh and niko how if i live on texas :( 
USERNAME hi guys ! ! ! i love you ! ! ! i wish i could see you guys in january . :( 
pizza pizza and more pizza but no beer :( (@ john's pizza) [pic]: URL 
USERNAME :( i'm srry ... i swear i didn't wanna leave like seriously .... bt i'm comein back tho , nd i'm comein strr8 over ther ... ! 
great way to start my morning , smh . 😔 😒 😞 😠 
USERNAME nigguh fak yew for stealing my pants 😭 #sadtweet 
it's just twitter remember . now she know how i feel :( 
i hate when people are so serious all the time like , chill 😾 
hate it when i wake up everyones gone . :( ( 
USERNAME haha i like to think so loll . the sleep stuff forsure i couldn't wake up for fajr this morning :( 
it had been there for the past 15 years & now it's gone 😔 
USERNAME lol yeah dad sent it to me i really miss her :( 
will you really not care when i'm off in college ? because i want you to care :( 
tähistan ka eesti isadepäeva ja söön mesikäpa komme . ilusat isadepäeva , issi ! <3 kahju , et 10000 km eemal sinust olen täna . :( 
USERNAME i wish my grandma would make me pancakes :( 
had a good time last night_ last night ill be out for a while 😞 
my hands are so dry from washing them 24/7 ): 
ughh ... mini me jus made me feel bad ... , :( 
ugh is it time to wake up and study already ? :( <<<< 
i have to read like a million pages of huckleberry finn today . #fml 
whaat ? not fair . i was hoping 2 c u and my baby :-( 
can i have it ? 😢 ermahgerd it's too cute ! URL 
i hate when USERNAME goes to her dads ! :( #bestfriend #imissher 
my great aunt is on life support and they don't think she is going to make it ... i hate seeing my dad like this . 😔 
daughter and grandson coming fir dinner today . just missing my son :( 
some people need to buy their groceries before they get stoned . #fml #difficultpeople 
working off this veteran's day ... :-( no food for me ! ! ! 
so cozy under the blanket . don't wanna get up 😞 😣 
i miss my boys so bad today :( i'm almost in tears in the middle of little carsar's 
feel better honey :( drink lots of tea ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME 😞 😞 😞 i wish i coulda came so badd ! 👎👎 
would've been at the cowboys-eagles game today with USERNAME but now i have work tomorrow bc of #sandy . :( #justmyluck 
USERNAME hope you don't think you're going to go 3 for 3 .... there's a spoiler in there somewhere ... trust me :-( 
USERNAME guess i just lost my best friend as a texting buddy 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😢 😢 😢 😢 😭 😭 😭 😢 😭 😢 😭 😢 😭 😢 😭 😢 😭 😢 
i'm gonna miss my game today :( but i have one tuesday so it's ok ! #ladyfalcons 
USERNAME i'm selling my car . i'm sorry . :( 
USERNAME i miss my boys so bad today :( i'm almost in tears in the middle of little caesar's 
back to the long shifts today ): gotta get that 💰though 
USERNAME leave my dead/dying sport out of this . :( 
i hope my step dad plans on paying me and then paying to get my nails done because as of right now my hands are done ... #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm only home for the day ! i just decided last night to come home ! :( 
USERNAME i guess love is not like a love song after all . i'm naturally devastated to find this out . 😢 URL 
USERNAME lol that don't stop u from saying all those mean things ..... u wanted to kill my bestfriend :'( 
i miss my boys so bad today :( i'm almost in tears in the middle of little caesar's 
the tank seems so empty without nemo and barney 😭 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME i can't :( (((( i forgot i'm going to wyoming 
kinda just wanna sit and cry . best friend is gone ... now what do i do . #untilnexttime 😩😫😩 😭 
i remember back in the day when me and shaq used to be tight . 😔 
a fun filled day of cleaning and washing 😞 😞 👎👎 
USERNAME you're coming ? ! my b . didn't know 😔 
last night was so much fun ! 6hr drive back to the real world (homework , lesson plans) :( 
i’m mad ryaneishaa and caeshay jus now telling me :( 
all i wanna do is play halo but dan is still sleeping 😔 
scared for my life in this passenger seat .. 😣 
USERNAME oh no i remember now ... -.- you were being an ass last night ! :( 
my sister is getting braces & i can't ? .. :( 
ugh i have a meeting and i'm hungover 😞 😫 #great 
so , who cares ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😡 😡 😡 👺👺 😾 
what i consumed last night <<<<<<<< my stomach is doing number :( 
it doesn't even surprise me that my mom and i are fighting over facebook chat right now 😔 🔫 
USERNAME no lol i wasn't :( it was too far away 
i dont think we will be back in fremont by 2 :( 
just missed my mouth and poured water all down my shirt 😔 
out to ihop with the fam looking/feeling like shit :( 
USERNAME USERNAME awe :( tell him i said get better ! 
USERNAME we even had dessert ! there was also a second dessert lined up but it was gross and sad :( 
no shave november is taking a real serious toll 😔 
haha i'm kidding .. i had to work today at 8am and i got off last night a little past midnight 😔 
i see jija and asha can't say ssalamu alaikum anymore :( 
days like this , i know everyone in the hood misses 7-11 :( #rip 
need to pee but don't feel like moving from my bed #fml 
why the fuck is it so fucking cold all of a sudden v.v 
USERNAME talk soo much shit about tha less fortunate .... why are ya even friends with him 😭 
USERNAME :( ... but the blonde is so pretty ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME haha yeah there is . you have to be over 4 feet tall . sorry kendle :( 
is it too much to ask to watch the ravens in the comfort of my own home ? ? 😣 #ravens 
USERNAME USERNAME yes .. that's what i thought too :( 
USERNAME gahh i'm so jealous you are shopping chicago ! 😔 
today it's been a week since the USERNAME show ): take me back ! ! 
church day ! but got to tell my friend good bye for 2 years ! :'( i am going to miss him . 
USERNAME i do too ! dm me , pleeaassee ? ! ): 
i really would rather laying here cuddling wit him all day than goin to this meeting at my job today :-( 
can someone burn down burger king i don't want to work #wahh 😐 😞 😒 
USERNAME aw me too ! i missed you more girl :( we need to hangout soon ! 
USERNAME you have to rest up to get better :( :( 
USERNAME to be honest , i think i hate you more because i didn't get my hacienda :( but i hate him and unbelievable amount ! 
i want to go see my brother tomorrow .. if i don't i might just cry 😔 
woke up with really bad cramps .... have to be at the office at noon #wah 😔 😭 📠📞💻👎 
USERNAME i know i liked it haha im slowly getting there i have 114 :( 
i'm cold , sleepy , tired . lack of sleep is my enemy . :( :( :( don't want to work yet . need more sleep . :( 
USERNAME come ova today ! there's room for more fam ! and i know 😔 i havnt been the same recently #sorry 
USERNAME USERNAME ikr wtf :-( but i'm there in spirit ... aand we have skkyype 
there's so many cute dogs in the world , i want them all 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME طيب ما كل واحد يحتفظ بالــ eggs بتاعته والبنات يخمسوا مع الولاد :( 
i'd really love to be at the zoo right now , like everyone else ! :( 
USERNAME vauu :( my grandma had what she had last year , she was in a lot of pain 
USERNAME haha me too ! i was totally defeated ... im old too . :[ 
USERNAME aw i know .. ive have it for over a week now ! :( hope had fun thanks for bringing them back (sort of) 
packers don't play ? that means to big macs tomorrow :( (( 
gotta leave my baby & my bestfriend today :'( i hate this right now ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME :( snarf ! i hope you get better soon ! 
USERNAME do you have the rubric ? ! lol i really need it and i can't find mine 😭 
i got up at 9 because i thought i had to be at work at 11. turns out i don't go till five . #fml 
i seriously cant wait till thanksgiving . i want to see my mema&papa already #missthem 😭 
i don't want my mom to leave :( #badroads #scary #ihavetopayforstuffagain 
USERNAME i miss you more :( depending on what time i leave , i might be able to stop by mnd 
at this point i'm starting to think you're a better match for him than me . 😔 😪 💔 #youdontwantme 
USERNAME i still have to finish homework ! ): and they close breakfast in 10minutes d: wah 
i hate not sleeping in my room :o cuz when i get back its hella cold :c 
nowhere dem no dey scam people smh4dem USERNAME nigerians sha ... dem still dey scam person on top rt4rt ☹ 
up and at em the trip creepin to a end too quick 😞 😞 😞 
standing in the back of church alone .... no one wants to sit next to me :( 
USERNAME they lock the epl live match @ hotel . :( punya link streaming yg bagus ? 
they are hosting the emas in germany , right next to my city :( 
so much to do today yet no energy to put on a bra . :( 
USERNAME i miss you bro :( we ain't never been away from each other this lonq 
i wish i could run away ! ! ! need a new start 😔 
my sweet sixteen was exactly a year ago ... take me back 😔 
what do ya know got up feeling like 👎 😣 😒 
hey USERNAME member when you tripped USERNAME when he was running full speed ? ! bes t.t hing . ever 
i think its about to be my t . o . m . cause i just started crying for no reason lmao #fml #girlproblems 
no matter how much you try some one always has something to say 😞 
USERNAME i am not happy about this whole thing ... disney is going to destroy it :( 
she replying fast ! ! i miss her ! ! 😔 
USERNAME ill be fine , i just can't eat at all today . i ate a red velvet cookie and i'm trying to make it stay down . :-( 
sounds about right rt USERNAME projected bcs standings (according to brad edwards ): 1. kansas (cont) URL 
USERNAME 😒 what the heck is wrong with these girls :( the poor babies😁 
sitting here listening to everyone talk about missing volleyball already .... and i haven't been able to play in over two months ... :( 
i miss my peanut & bestfriend , wahh ): USERNAME USERNAME 
i don't care what color facebook is , so stop asking me 😾 
USERNAME USERNAME i feel fine . i just have a headache :( 
why didn't i see you ? ! 😳 😢 😔 
this song for the ladies but this song for that special lady 😭 😭 
won't get to see my bestfriend for like 8 more days , my dog is dying .. how much worse could this weekend get ? ? #sadtweet #prayingtojesus 
do i attempt to rebuild my mini snowman or no . ): 
USERNAME i wish i could wear my shirt to school dude :( 
USERNAME no i didn't have a missed call from you :( . 
hopefully my dad won't put in for a job in alabama 😥 
like look at those beautiful crystal blue eyes seriously ! </3 URL 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! 😭 😭 ❤ 💚 💛 
pandora is playing every song possible that reminds me of summer 😢 #waah 
yes i managed to finish an entire bottle of jäger yesterday and yes i feel like sheet today 😑 😖 😷 😣 😵 👎 
USERNAME out of anybody i can miss , i miss dionte .. :( 
when the tread rips off my fave nikes 👎 😭 
its only been one day & i already miss my boy like crazy :( 
USERNAME you'll have fun without me and forget me 😭 i'm gonna see all these pics of how pretty you all are ! 
yay finally a beautiful day ! ! ! !😁👍 but i have to work from 1-10 😱 😢 
today was the day USERNAME was barried , & yes you will be missed dearly , you were like a brother . :( tip (thizz in peace) 
it's so cold tho , i don't even wanna get out of my warm bed :( 
wish USERNAME would come snuggle and watch movies with me all day 😔 
chelsea pier closed until dec 1 from flood damage :( (@ hudson river running path) URL 
trying to show i don't care just like him ... :( ( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME honestly i really need to see you soon . #missyourfaces 👎 😣 
hey , how about you text me back ? #fml 
i had the greatest shit to tweet last night but was too drunk to tweet them #sadtweet 
USERNAME obviously our parents hate us since neither of us have one ! 😔 
USERNAME i'm so comfy i don't want to get up :( hahaha 
don't forget my dear , you as well have flaws . #sadtweet #wannacry 
USERNAME hey hey ! i know i miss you ! i know ! soon ! soon soon ! i miss parkville :( 
yes 😢 rt USERNAME i have so much hw :( 
sorry ralphie the squirrel u were my 1st road kill 😭 
USERNAME sure sure and you lived right next to me smh #depressed 
USERNAME #skiingsforpussies ;) and the stiff boots hurt my poor wide feetys ! ! :( 
i have to pay for bowling on friday .. so that means i'm only taking 5 people because that's all i can afford . ): that . sucks . 
being away from my family for a year has now made it very hard for me to be away for just a few weeks 😔 
USERNAME bye :'( ... and i just met you smh 
USERNAME im soo sick ive been sick since friday ): 
when my loves ones are upset im upset too :( that shit don't like 
having dreams that make you miss the good ol days 😔 
USERNAME hey baby:* i miss you ! this weekend wasn't the same without you here ! :c 
deadmau5 is djing at a pop-up fashion show in this gossip girl episode , and i am watching a gossip girl episode ☹ 
USERNAME forreal , & i see you live in morrisville like me , & we never chilled -,- :( 
USERNAME i do ! but i can't 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #missingchristine #missinguncbasketball 
USERNAME USERNAME aint heard from yall in a while #sadtweet 
vas a sentarte a mirar , como me voy de tu vida ? ? :( 
my nose ring fell out while i was sleep , now i can't find it :'( 
when someone brings happiness and it gets taken away soon after :( 
lol why did i offer to work this morning 😔 i'm tired now .. 
USERNAME seriously . i cannot stop crying . everytime i pull it together someone asks what's wrong and i cry again . 😭 
i suckk i only did 2059 msgs this monthh .... no love :( ((( URL 
USERNAME yes you do :( (( we luve close . and swim together :( ( and you love my brother 
i died a little inside when i got on live as one of my friends was playing blops ii 😭 
USERNAME my poor 60 year old best friend .. 😔 😔 
USERNAME ehhumm i'm down here in youth right now and you aren't :( 
USERNAME i know man 😔 my parents making me get the s3 
why is there nothing to do here ? #lincolnjazzcenter #sadtweet 
USERNAME ugh , i hate you ! now i want some :( 
it's just a countdown now as to when i puke again ....... :( 
i would be so freaking happy if my hair was to my hips . :( 
i hate seeing my ju-ju beans like this 😞 makes me want to slap some sense into that young man . 
USERNAME oh no , i can imagine :( weren't they creative enough to think of anything else ! its a kids show ! im still in shock 
can't believe it :( next sunday i'll be on my way to belgium ;( 
5years since bekah died ... i don't like today at all . #depressed #why #wishyouwerehere 
want to eat breakfast but there isn't any ... womp ! 😿 
soo mad i'm missing the eagles game today 😢 🏈 
the look in your eyes makes me crazy </3 #down #blink182 
i'm so tired , and i feel so sick 😔 
facetiming with USERNAME . miss those lips ! 😔 😊 #instagramphotos #instagram #i @ the twinpower sanctuary URL 
USERNAME negative ! my head hurts i'm cold and hungry .. take care of me mama :( 
. i hope he is ok 😥 i haven't talked to him sense yesterday . 
i hope he comes over today . i miss him :( 
my grandmother has been walking on the treadmill and singing adele for the past hour . 😣 🔫 
he was orange and blue too , just the most beautifulest of things :( great hits too , 
i don't wane to work today , i want to sleep 😔 
i have to get up and get ready but i don't wanna 😞 
USERNAME omg ! ! ! im soo sad now :'( (((( 
USERNAME USERNAME that's how it should be ... but i'm still forever alone grace :( haha 
it's sad to know that people change once they start having a different crowd of friends , like why can't you just be the same person 😔 
i didn't get to talk to her just wave she was busy ): 
USERNAME miss you :( maybee ill visit during break ? ! 
USERNAME me either ! i thought they would be #1 :( 
my last day in boston - not down for the roadtrip back ! :( #lovethiscity 
only seen my hubby once this weekend :( life sucks ass right now 
USERNAME me too .. :( i definitely had a rough night 
thanks USERNAME for having everyone last night <3 sorry you're grounded .. :( but i did enjoy singing shoes with you last night ! 
USERNAME - me too ! ! ! ! ! 😔 
soo hungry :( wish USERNAME would feed me .. lol ! 
USERNAME it's boring but that's the only way you're gonna feel better 😢 😢 
my stepdad woke me up waay earlier than i should have woken up 😑 😔 #needagetacoffee ☕ 
USERNAME haha i mean i would get an iphone over any other phone but that's just me .. the one thing that sucks is the charger 😔 
little girls are so fucking mean . i don't want whit to go to middle school 😥 😔 
USERNAME lets go eat and talk about last night 😔 
USERNAME waahh :'( i haven't been there in forever ! 
target , walmart , toys r us & k-mart got my pockets sad :-( 
that moment when you find out that direcitionator from your school have take me home and you don't :( im so angry 
USERNAME not in baggage claim :( all i have is my phone and this smelly sleeping woman 
that gay alarm woke me up from my wonderful dream . i was like , excuse me the man of my dream is going to hug me ! rude much ? ! :( ((( 
my bestfriend is coming to shiloh ! but i won't be there for his first day . USERNAME 😔 ❤ 
everybody in my house has a hang over 😒 😞 
USERNAME okay at least it wasn't you , i saw it on ig and got scurredd ): 
USERNAME his tail broke the fuck off ! ! ! ! 😭 #sosad 
gunna hopefully replace my battery tomorrow :( i'm not happy #crying 
that's sad . 😢 this guy is taking his kids out and they are just yelling don't spank me crying . 😥 
i want to see my granddaddy 😔 whyy must you live so far awayy 
is hernandez gunna play at all this season 😔 come on 
i seriously can't handle this at all right now . at my breaking point . #stressed #upset :( 
USERNAME well had i known ! i ended up eating potbelly in the airport :-( 
man if i got to go to cradock however you spell the shit but anyways ima be mad aab :( 
it's so beautiful out ! i wish joseph was here to take a walk with me :( 
shrunk my sweatshirt bad :( oops . hahah damn it . 
USERNAME i know :( and i gotta drive 3 hrs 
what the heck is going on , 1d arent even in the top 10 for the emas ! #conspiracy #areyoukidding :( #vote1d4emas ! 
chauffeur day 2. guess i'm missing the giants game today . 😕 😭 
okay so five and a half more hours and i'm done for today 😔 grr 
USERNAME desde cuando estás en sps ? :( no me gusta este sol a mi 
USERNAME ain't nobody was even talking bout no bells 😭 
mandatory store meeting had me up at 8am on a sunday morning ... now after some holiday cheer & coffee & oj & donuts i'm in the library #fml 
i'm in myrtle beach , so i'm recording it :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME (cont) URL 
aww man 😔 lol were yall just at home ? ? 
USERNAME where did you find it at ? i miss hearing goal horns right now 😞 
just got mcdonald's for the first time in 3 months and i am almost positive i'm going to be sick 😣 😷 
USERNAME aww haha i miss you too <3 im gonna come back in two weekends cause next weekend im going to virginia :( 
wish my grampa was still alive . #myveteran ❤ 😔 
i don't feel , i know i look ridiculous . ugh . #sadtweet 😓 
USERNAME they told conor we would .... i really needed that money :( 
my dad is pissing me off .. just get me bagel world im starving 😦 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i missed you :( 
this is not how i expected to spend my weekend at home 😞 
so mad , my boyfriend just got bagged infront of me 😢 
ive been puking since 8 this morning , i might have the stomache bug :( 
the hangover :( and no im not watchin the movie .. 
USERNAME :( aww tell her feel better and i love her ! 
please be okay .. i don't know what i'm gonna do without you . :( #iloveyou 
not happy about having to work this twelve hour shift today . 😔 👎 💔 
spending the day with jake and caitlin before they go back to oregon tomorrow ... ugh wish i was going back out west :( 
he broke his hand , he isn't playing for 4-6 weeks 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME aw , now i don't love jingle bells as much . :( haha 
USERNAME it's so depressing , i just want to keep them all ! :'( 
USERNAME i miss being able to just call you . 😿 love you baby mama . keep balling it up in españa 🏀 😽 😉 
USERNAME jake liked them ! ! haha i think that's another thing chemo ruined for me , it just didn't taste the same :( haha 
all i want right now is to be laying on my couch at home with my puppy and having my mom make me chicken soup 😞 😷😴 #7days 
USERNAME :( but maybe not i think another model comes in soon so hopefully you won't ! 
lost my voice .. great ... i hate being sick #fml . 
my gmal got a new phone so now he calls me every five seconds to ask me how to work something oh god this is gonna be a long day :( 
USERNAME i've done both for years but haven't had my hands on one in over a year now . my fingers forgot :( 
USERNAME i don't think i'm goin i have work until 230 :( 
iwasnt even drunk in da club last nite 😔 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME idkk ughh wyd today n wat hppnd last night :( 
i missed world of dance too .. 😭 brian puspos whyy 🔫 
USERNAME yup , i'm still feeling mine from yesterday :( wahh 
i forgot to plug my phone up last night now its about to die . :c 
“USERNAME sir gawain and the green knight (bbc documentary ): URL #honor2102 
USERNAME i've had that problem many times 😳 what ar you trying to write about ? my worst one was the sophocles from greek folk 😭 
USERNAME awe mann i thought it ended at 12 ! ! ctfu :( 
USERNAME i really miss seeing my wife every sunday ! :'( 
y apenas me iva dar un kiss . #lol #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME pada brisik dmn sih ini -__- bb saya ilang nih kaga bisa ngecek group :( 
i'd like to sleep with my legs stretched to my chest but these bitches are taking up space :( #nocomfybed 
i really miss my girls USERNAME & USERNAME 😔 #visitingsoon 
USERNAME good morning i woke up twice last night . :( hate that my dad wakes me up because they don't want me sleeping too late -_- 
i guess everyone can see my night from twitter 😔 😳 
sorry i wanted to spend time with my family , didn't know that was wrong of me to want . 💔 
its supposed to be forgive and forget , not forgive and cling on :( 
noo that was the best dream ever why did i have to wake up :( 
USERNAME i know . i live in kansas city now . i miss all yall :( 
i hate USERNAME for waking me up ! > :( 
oh look USERNAME is here .... oh no wait :( #wishfulthinking URL 
got here obscenely early and left my book at home :-( #fail #rookiemistake (@ midway international airport (mdw)) URL 
that's cute ... glad i ain't hit u up .. yo todo one deep en la casa . moms in mexico 😔 
i hate when i have to leave my USERNAME 💔 
USERNAME i'm heading home soon my friend . the party's over :( 💋 💔 
USERNAME oh no :( ps i never see anymore .. and i don't like it 
USERNAME USERNAME :( i bet ! how long do you work today ? 
why is it so haard to forget abut youu . 💔 
i hate having to wear contacts 👀 😭 💔 #blind 
good morning . i'm super sleepy . but got to get this day started 😣 
so sad this is the last day to worship with USERNAME :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i think i'm going ! but to the one in high point ! 😔 
USERNAME yes we do ! i miss and love you too 😭 💜 
when people don't respond to your texts . #petpeeve #sofrustrating 😔 
USERNAME oh thank god . you guys are like my fav couple #ascreepyasitsounds but , i'm sorry ): 
fuck man im tired 16 hrs . straight workin :( 
i can't wait to find a nice man , get married and have kids . #yesisaidit #imbeingrealhere 😔 😕 😁 
i love/hate sundays . love church but hate that i can't have a glass of wine until freakin noon :( . #cranky 
i can officially say i survived #edcorlando ... what a weekend ! ! ! too bad it was only two days :( , so down for a third day 
USERNAME was great . 3:51:00 no boston qualifier :( but tere is always next year ! URL 
i think i drank so much i forgot about my speeding ticket last night .. i was just reminded 😭 😭 😭 
ii miss my baby :( ... four more days til ii see him 
USERNAME i miss you too ! but i'm out of town ☹ #wehh but i got a lot to tell you ! 
when you can't fall back asleep bc you're too worried about what you gotta do when you wake up 😞 
USERNAME omg yes . that movie makes me soo sad :( 
have already almost cried three times today . #chokedup #dontwannago it's not even my last day ... #getittogether 😔 
yeahh i've lost almost 10 pounds and didnt even want to . thanks to this program and the stress it comes with ugh . 😔 
i wanna go far away & move to cali get away & start my life over ! 😭 ✌ 
awesome weekend trips to dallas or anywhere besides amarillo , make me dread going back i'm such a big city girl #sadtweet #wahh 
love its pain and just its coming all time sad and one broken heart never agein the before this heart know its crying and sad :c 
have you ever tried sleeping w/ a broken heart ? 💔 
two films as an extra on tuesday . which means ill be working from 3 to midnight . :( 
i'm so sad i have to work tonight . i've never missed a dinner :( #missyoukellie love you USERNAME 
trying not to cry during toy story 3 .... so sad :( 
i could go for a chocolate chip frap right now 💚 😔 
omg my brothers gonna be a senior next year 😢 
USERNAME johnny will you get held back ? don't leave me next year ? 😢 
i feel like i was just trying out for the soccer team my freshmen year and today i'm having my last practice and pasta party ever 😭 
didn't sleep was up trying to master this beat for USERNAME but cant 😔 ill keep trying tho 
i need to shower . but it is occupied at the moment . > :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i have work at my other job all day :( 
that went so much different than i thought it would 😭 
s ☹ much h8 ☹ n a sunday m ☹ rnin 
USERNAME lol not when you're . with us :o but dude you guys were so calm last night ! my bonfires usually go crazy af , it's stressful :( 
USERNAME working out ? i don't have anywhere to go except to christian ! ! :( 
USERNAME i'm in the suburbs . meh . with a gf who's on a hard core diet . #fml i wanna be a fat kid . 
USERNAME hahah i'm so tired i've only gotten maybe 3hrs to sleep 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME yup . that's what i said ... :'( 
why did you just hype her tho 😔 she was makin every shot tho smh 
i hate not seeing my best friend . #wahh 😒 😔 
hirt people that love us , love people that hurt us 😔 
USERNAME neither did i , but i like the points thing at starbucks soo idk 😔 
i could not work in a restaurant because i'd always be tempted to eat the food . 😔 
i was so excited to get chick-fil-a for lunch ... but its sunday :( 
i gotta go home & start all this homework man . 😞 
those mornings when you roll over and expect your boyfriend to be there but he's not<<< 😔 
someone please find my new purple baby lips . its my favorite , its new , and i lost it last night :( (( 
USERNAME i would send you a cute emoji but you can't even see then :( 
never in my whole life have a recieved a good morning text :( #foreveralone 
USERNAME my first lecture for cryptography videos has no sound :( 
i guess i should get ready for work 😔 come visit me 3 to 8 😊 i'll be bored out of my mind ! 
no one wants to wake up to that . 😔 
im gonna fucking cry i have a cold sore . i hate being sick :( 
USERNAME same :( even tho i don't like simba . he's a bitch nigga especially in the sequel . mufasa is sexy as hell . 
i think i'm giving up on boys :( just want a special person in my life . ughh 
USERNAME cause i agree with you ! hate that crap :c 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME nerden bulaştı cemre bu barışa :( 
i really hope we go to julianna's for lunch not buffalo 😔 
no matter what , i'll never be the one who is enough for you . 💔 
why can't i be blonde and skinny and perfect like everyone else here 😭 
when you have those dreams that bring back great memories then you wake up and realize they are never going to happen again 😥 
i really really really need to clean my room . like really bad . 😔 
he texted me goodnight last night and i just saw it ): #sorry 
USERNAME i know ! :( i didn't get to see your whole performance either cause i had to go get ready ! 
no i was drinking . i jus don't feel good :( 
USERNAME they don't want me waking up too late i hate it :( 
when i'm home i'm even further away from you :( #1010miles #life #loveyou 
i want some waffle house but no one wanna go get it for me :( 
lowkey im jealous of USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME cause there so perfect & beautiful ❤ 😞 
USERNAME #whodat i've been trying to be quiet , but these false-cons fans don't want to leave me alone . :( 
no wtf he fakenn 😭 😭 😭 😭 😒 i want my candy by monday morning 
USERNAME it's bad ... and after so many years it really does become unbearable spoken from a ride or die #bleedgreen #eagles fan 😢 
coming back to coon rapids to see my favorite people USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME was such a tease . :( #sadtweet 
it kinda makes me sad sometimes to believe that i used to be a church girl going to church every saturday , now i don't even go 😞 😔 
why the heck does the weekend have to go by so fast ? ! :( 
USERNAME so jealous . my wife wouldn’t let me get one :( 
long night , why am i the only one up still :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
the morning sickness from being pregnant is not reserved for just mornings . it's all day everyday :( imma lay back down 
USERNAME USERNAME so love you fred ! wish i could meet you ! it's like everyone but me has met you ! ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( i don't get to be in the school one :'( 
USERNAME there really is . but i don't think you're in any :( 
i seriously need to start stretching more ... #sore 😣 
i kinda just wanna hang out with my mom and USERNAME 5 today #homesick 😔 🏡💕 
i choked laughing ! rt USERNAME that shit was funny 😭 
just want to stay home all day , in my bed and not talk to anyone 😔 
gonna put the bottle to my head n pull the trigger :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME oh i am . tuesday when i don't work > :( 
sad ill be missing church tonight with my lovelies ! :( 
when there's a marlboro team competing but it's not USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME team <<<<< 😭 💔 #missyouall 
USERNAME i honestly don't even remember seeing you 💔 😞 
USERNAME waah syd i don't buy beer :( i have like bills and stuff 
it's so nice out ! ! ! ! wish i had a bike to ride :( #sadtweet #motoprobs 
still can't believe my pirates lost and my bama boys lost . it feels like the twilight zone . 😔 
this squirrel keeps looking at me when i eat and jumped on my chair 😥 
#confessionnight : i have a major crush on someone that doesn't know . i'm too shy to tell him . going to explode . :c 
got my ass handed too by my mother in front of everyone . i'm such a mess , never did i mean to hurt the most important person in my life 😔 😞 💔 
omg i completly forgot #twd is on tonight too bad i'll be watchin it by myself 😢 
USERNAME 😳 no ! don't laugh she's not funny 😣 
USERNAME i don't have my car ): i'm walking cause it's not far or my dad's going . 
can't wait for my texans to play , sucks that i have to watch it at work ): 
i'm sick ! ! ! i have a runny nose , my throat hurts , its fuckin cold && i gotta get ready for work ! ! ! :( #boo 
funny how you no longer associate yourself with people who you once spent every waking moment with . a lot has changed . 💔 
USERNAME oh lord ... thats what i want doe #fml 
going to sleep mad is the best . u get a good ass sleep .... until u wake up mad asf again 😔 😩 😡 
danggit :( no tattoo for me now . damn . 
USERNAME it couldn't last more than a few days i hope :c 
USERNAME aww i'm sorry :( are you losing your voice too ? ! 
i give up on trying to wake up my boyfriend ... 😞 
this morning has not been a good day for me at all ... :( i had a bad weekend . ugh 
once again i have work during the giants football game ... #fml 
i hate being sick and i wish this health center would give me medicine #thissucks #nosleep 👎 😔 
i already did this and i still get harassed .... :( @ allenwood general store URL 
i'm itching for a new tattoo so bad :( too bad my artist is all the way in fl at USERNAME ugh must . feed . addiction . 
i guess ill never understand why writing a pointless tweet is more important to you that texting me back . 😒 😔 
i made a mess :( #ketchup #everywhere @ mcdonald's URL 
i just bit into a guava and there was a worm 😭 
well i have a lot to do this week :( 
in the sketch on snl last night , taran reminded me of andy samberg :( 
my broke handed ass need somebody to clean my kitchen for me :( its not alot to do 
USERNAME USERNAME idk what it is like to have big boobs .. 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME :c it wasn't that great pretty sure i sent that tweet when USERNAME was buying us mcd's so i was happy ! 
another day without him its starting to kick n an man i'm hurtin :-( 
i don't got nicktoons so no spd for me . :( 
i don't wanna eat . please don't force me USERNAME 😣 
when you screw something up .. :( #fml #screwup #notinagoodmood #sorry 
i'm just ready to go play halo . i miss it 💔 
now i'm scared to fall in love now for your fault . i never was scared to love to someone but you left me with all these thinkings . thanks 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME i was just looking at that 😔 😭 😩 
USERNAME -you dint lett me knoee what timee you hadd left ! :( 
i missed it treats too :( rt USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME each night ? what did i miss ? #ftcdallas " 
wanted to take my cousin and the kids to museums today 😔 
USERNAME yess like thats rude as fuck . you can just tell she ugly as hell 😥 poor whoopi smh . 
stepping on legos in the worst pain in the world . #hurtssobad 😞 
i hate waking up and seeing your not here :( #missyouboo 
USERNAME im lonely . casey and twinkles fell asleep :( lol 
USERNAME i was saying the same thing at 12:40am and still am . :( 
this may be the longest 4 hours of my life 😔 
its pretty sad when , you & your sister think we both were adopted ... </3 
no sleepies in like ... 48+ hours ... i'm a walking zombie #fuckmylife #weird #gunadie 
i have the worst fucking luck with speakers ..... i just busted my laptops speakers . > :( rahh ! . 
fuck fuck fuck harbor beverage is closed . no redbull for me and i have a cigarette left :( 
i'm just not about this single life . this bitch is just never good enough for people like you #fml #ohwell #singlelife 
poor violet :( she has to stay for observation in case the swelling affects her breathing 
wow ... we would drive 6 hours and it would get canceled .. 😔 😒 #softballprobz 
USERNAME oh yeah :( ( it will all work out ! ! ! miss you and love you ! ! ! 
check out new freestyle by USERNAME - love n' hate (cube mix ): URL USERNAME USERNAME 
when i told my grandpa yesterday i kinda wanted bama to lose he said 😔 
why do i always feel like shit ? ! :( 
USERNAME i miss you too ! we never had our sister movie night with USERNAME and USERNAME :( 
principal professional services consulta ... - successfactors (internal ): ( #chicago , il) URL #businessmgmt #job 
USERNAME what am i suppose to do in scoffi . :( 
USERNAME omg don't even talk about getting fat . you haven't seen me , and i'm pale as shit . i don't look like gianna 😔 
USERNAME & when he does (like last night), they are rushed and not thought out at all . :( he'll be back after promos , i hope ! 
still no good morning tweet ..... i guess we are officially not friends anymore ..... :-( 
im sick :( ready to get these few hours of work out the way so i can spend my off days resting 
i wish i had a girlfriend to go get my nails done with today ! 😔 
going be 69 degrees tomorrow to bad i'm leaving tomorrow 😔 
i need a job ! someone help me out 😔 
i don't know why bshamas sign with puma .... no more power web :( 
USERNAME peterr ! ! ! ! ! <3 i wish i could come todayy :( 
USERNAME meg i have work at 3. i was gonna say if you guys went on late i'd be there :( 
USERNAME aww man ! i thought they sold it at #wal -mart 😔 
making my christmas list makes me so sad that i'm not going to dominican like i was supposed to :( 
chick fil a sounds so good right now . too bad it's sunday 😭 
daddy doesn't love me enough to brim chipmunk to me :( USERNAME 
wooaah .... that conversation really happened last night .... i thought it was a dream ! 😳 😔 
USERNAME good girl me and nathan missed you we cried 😢 
waking up and having people mad at me <<<<<<< :( #justtrynamakeeveryonehappy 
USERNAME lol & you're gorgeous on a normal scale , and like out of this world on the ginger scale , #jealous . 😭 
my nephew wanna go run out cooper ? :'l oo i'm fucked 😞 
i think once i get a credit card i will be screwed 😔 
USERNAME will you update me on everything cause i dont get mtv :( 
USERNAME i do but its still dry ! like its all stiff and hard to smile haha :( 
USERNAME yes . i get that one all the time . took two years for a vendor to stop referring to me as an intern :( 
USERNAME i'm sad i missed you :( i don't even know where i ended up last night hahaha 
on other note every time i hear the geico lizard i miss the cruise #sadtweet 
how could my best friend leave me like this :( (( 
but i hate that i can't use my phone when i'm with them ): 
when my parents leave me because i was still asleep 😞 they're so mean 
the sweetest girls get played the most cuz they intrust their hearts in a good looking guy 😔 
“ #leo : take the opportunity 2 talk 2 ur sweetheart about how u feel ." uh-oh this may lead to a bad decision today 😁 😳 😔 
are coach carter is on , but it's almost over :( #moviesilove 
USERNAME no ! there can't be bad news , i wanna see you . :( #booyouwhore USERNAME USERNAME 
so im sick ! ! ! ! 😣 😪 😥 i blame it on classic weekend ! ! ! 
fuckk i have so much work to do today ... 😔 
USERNAME bitch i try to hangout with u all the time & ur too busy for , me :( 
i'm hungry ! hopefully the cookies are done ! 😣 
man that called cody to work today and now i'm just 😔 
so happy to be working on a sunday from 12-6 instead of doing something fun ! #saidnooneever 😞 🔫 
walked to dunks to get my much needed pumpkin iced coffee and they are all out of pumpkin ! ! ! #fml they are lucky #gingerbread is out ! 
“USERNAME lol its funny cause its true . rt 50shades_ofgay: i look like somebody's 12-year old child 😬 URL — 😔 
USERNAME lemme know when you find out ! i work bf like 9-5 😞 🔫 
where's my best friend when i need her :'( . 
today was supposed to be filled with a lot of relaxing and movies ! ! ! 😞 
i'm out of jell 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 omgg 
USERNAME lol exactly that's early .. but the thing is i'm still tired , i just can't sleep :( 
USERNAME USERNAME tonight ? :( i won't be there .. i'm spending the evening with martin . 
wish i could go to the USERNAME game today ! ! ! ! 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 
USERNAME glad someone told me we weren't watching it at joeys ..... 😞 
USERNAME i was saying the same thingg ! ! makes me so sad 😢 
(434 ): they were scared i was going to get lost last night so they dressed me up as waldo so someone would always find me ." USERNAME me ? 
this christmas will be the last christmas where my family will be together . 😢 #graduationprobs 
omg anthony's lip was so big this morning . 😭 
USERNAME yess ! ! i wish you were there :( 
one of my cats caught the mouse in my house the other day . #mousehunter 🐱 😾 🐭 @ rage castle URL 
but this weather makes me want to be productive ... it reminds me of spring cleaning with my mom 😔 
i should really just quit this job .. i'm absolutely exhausted 😭 
USERNAME i agree ... fans wondering coaching , players or both . all i know we are screaming for answer/solution thx for response :( 
USERNAME yeah , cody texted me and told me this morning :( 
USERNAME guess what ? tomorrow is monday and we have school :( #hate #mondays #gay #last #full #week #tho 
USERNAME we have practice ... at 9 im so mad ): 
i even tried to fall back asleep and go back into the dream . but i'm awake for good now :( 
but i'm single a'f , my heart is slowly recovering from my last 😔 
so i we never even saw each other this weekend :( USERNAME USERNAME best friend card revoked ? 
USERNAME not the new one . finally caught up on the last 2. i been slacking 😢 😭 
USERNAME no i woke up and i'm like wtf is going on it was so painful i couldn't even stand it was horrible :c 
i feel bad for rejecting USERNAME over my job lol 😔 
my friends don't have iphones so i have to send each person a text instead of doing group messaging 😭 #firstworldproblems 
datt hoee qoiin tew dallas ii wanna fiiqhtt naw :( 
i come home tonight 😧 😢 😪 😥 😭 😩😫 😣 😞 😒 😔 
i really wish i wasn't sick 😭 i wanna go to open gym 
USERNAME what did yo dad say ? ? :( ( 
USERNAME i wish i could meet you :( plz follow ! i will meet you someday i love you so much ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ama sürekli engeller çıkıyor karşılarına yani uzadıkça uzuyor :( 
USERNAME lol i didn't even see that tweet 😞 , about you wanting to hangout with me yesterday ! 
having a good day w michael and his family but i am so sleepy and all i can think about is my bed and all this homework i have to do 😣 
going to cry knowing that im not going to have religion with my favorites .. USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( (( 
USERNAME yes it does :( atleast i don't work till tuesday tho ! 
shit i have to find a home for rex :( 
they won't let me turn around to get one last look at my baby </3 while he's still around . 
USERNAME keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart . 💔 
i wish i got sweet goodmorning texts from you :( 
USERNAME omg bye i hate you i don't have wifi yet and i got my power back on tues . 😔 
but s/o to oomf for hating me for a whole day ... ugh :( 
have u ever felt as if your not good enough ? #sadtweet 
USERNAME holy sh1t my imessage won't send anything right now ! ! ! i'm soo sorry :( 
even if i have no clue what to wear :( 
USERNAME wow i don't get a special one all alone ... ): 
and i was like yess ! i'm not opening ! i'm working mid shift ! ........ just kidding i'm opening :( 
USERNAME i'm not going home i'm staying with kails so i won't have a car 😔 but i start break next thursday so i can then if needed ! 💜 💜 💜 💜 
i remember when i moved out she called my mom crying :c 
USERNAME i know :c but im alright now ... so yay ! 
USERNAME i had the same reaction when i found ): 
an old guy sits at my tables and when asked if i could help him he said 😥 
i always have the urge to eat dinner for breakfast everyday 😞 #badeatinghabits 
45 minutes sounds to long for my hungry stomach 😧 
all time low is tonight . and i'm not going . :( i'm gonna go kill myself now . bye .. 
USERNAME i cant even go to the next one . im gonna be out of town ! #fml 
the woods are calling me ! but so is my boss #fml 
USERNAME :( okay lol i will be waiting patiently . i have no one to talk to on my phone . i might as well just shut it off haha 
USERNAME it's okay you can have him , he likes you more than me 😔 
now our manager is mad at me for being clumsy . 😔 😩 😢 
i think #oomf use to go to nch with me ... we never talked though :( ... he seem a lil quiet 
USERNAME people love boat rides .... explains why maelstrom had a fast pass & figment does not sigh :-( 
USERNAME we are so ugly ... but you're honestly my sister . 😩 😭 😔 
USERNAME proof ! it said you read it :( URL 
once i wake up , i cant go back to sleep 😔 
so hungry but i really don't feel like cooking right now . :( 
i don't even know what else i have to do to get your attention :c 
USERNAME not til 3 but i'm still in brooklyn 😣 
USERNAME hey wes ! is bizkit touring usa ? ? want to see you guy's again ! want to meet you all . i feel i'm the only one who hasn't ! ! :( 
USERNAME ugh that sucks i just missed you then :( 
honey cocaine didn't perform in orlando & is performing back home 5 days before i return #sadtweet 
i have nothing to do all day 😿 😿 😿 🔫🔫🔫🔫 
USERNAME true , true , very true ! #nothingtolookforwardto today :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME haha i am ! ! you wouldn't know though you're too cool for me now a days ! :( 
ugh the dunkin' donuts on campus is always hella crowded . makes me angry . i just want some coffee ! 😔 
USERNAME bella 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
wish i could see my bro & sis more often ! 😔 ❤ USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME yes but its okay , just busting my grandma </3 
my family is never home when i wake up .. 😔 
USERNAME just reading back & saw the news . so sad ! those poor people ! too much devastation in the world right now ! :( 
so bummed ! my copy of finding nemo is gone and the one at the video store was stolen . 😥 🐠🐳🐋 
i wish there were USERNAME tickets still available for next saturday :( 
seriously just wanna see USERNAME and cry on her arms all day :c so sad . 
seriously montrell , why are you so mean to me :( bestfriend USERNAME regulate on your bf . 
USERNAME it says my signal strength is excellent , it's being a jew . :( 
strong possibility that i'm going to be stuck here for 13.5 hours by my lonesome ... # :-( 
USERNAME your not dying right now ? ! i am ! :'( 
i haven't gotten a bonus check in 3 weeks :( 
won't be able to talk to you till next month ? might as well kill me now . </3 
USERNAME don't nd like that lizzy :-( we need to get together soon , i miss your face 
hungry af .. but my girlfriends still sleeping and won't be up for another 7 hours .. #hungrypersonprobz :( 
USERNAME yes it's okay , just visiting my grandma </3 
my dog scratched the fuck outta my leg :c URL 
when you just wake up and wanna go back to sleep :( 
USERNAME it was gross ! haha . i actually did eat it ! 😔 
red lipstick💄, rose petals🌹, heart break 💔 , i was his marilyn monroe 💋 
doing some realizing , i really freaking miss USERNAME & USERNAME just hasn't felt the same lately . :'( 
USERNAME aww don't be like that :-( we need to get together soon , i miss your face . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME just for today i hope ! ! if not i'm gonna cry ! 😢 😢 
everyone keeps saying time heals all but every day gets tougher and tougher . 😔 💔 
this uncaring #summer #flirt time seems soo far now .. :( 
USERNAME what am i suppose to do without you :( 
USERNAME i feel like i let my bestfriend down #sadtweet 
so bummed ! my video finding nemo is missing and the one at the video store was stolen . 😥 🐠🐋🐳 
USERNAME well you need to tell me what he says asap :( ( 
most good rappers nowadays are tall , skinny , black , and asthmatic .. i'm missing one of those characteristics .. 😞 😔 
i told god i'd be back in a second , man it's so hard not to act reckless 😔 
i'm loving this whole adulthood/not being able to sleep in thing . #growingup #sleepy #cantsleeppastten 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME that's really mean , it hurt my heart a little </3 
hate not having a car :( this man needs to hurry up and fix what's left to fix and give me my car back :( 
just wish USERNAME would come home so i'm not alone :( 
seems like its been forever since i have seen my sissy i miss her soo much USERNAME ! ! ! ! ): 
having a dream that me and USERNAME went on a date then waking up to real life #sucks #iwish #omgg #damnitt :( 
USERNAME USERNAME :'( it's none of my business but that hurts the direction family . and they dont deserve it they are sweet boys 
im being asked to share a memory at the memorial , ya see thats hard cause i have so many :( 
fuck man , i'm gonna miss meek and ross by a few hours 😔 
it's not like i wanted to go to disneyland today , it's cool my non rockabilly family is going instead of me , no bigs :( #rockaroundthepark 
USERNAME haha . yes very late . haha . i need to see you soon miss ! i miss my girl :( 
kansas do you have to rain now ... ruins everything :( 
i'm really mad at myself for waking up late . i was raised to go to church , especially if i can party on the weekend . :( 
why does my belly hurt so bad today ? 😞 
USERNAME let me know ! ! i have been back at church for over a month ... but still feel like something's missing 😔 
woke up with cramps all through my body . 😣 #wtf 
USERNAME i know :( its getting dark so early now 
USERNAME yeah , it's a lifted ford ranger . i don't have any pics of it though 😔 
USERNAME i tryed to join you on saints row and it wouldn't let me :( thus better not happen tomorrow ! 
USERNAME i was wicked exhausted and wasn't feeling well 😞 next time for sure ! 
we have no food , and i'm hungry ! 😔 
chris was talking about taking his bike out before it rains :( i hope not , it's awfully windy outside .. 
after this weekend , def needing 3 things . 1-sleep 2-ibuprofen & 3-gatorade 😣 💊😴 
brooklyn +beyond ! rt USERNAME 190+ volunteer spots USERNAME tues-fri . prep , org supplies , volunteer rockaway (w bus ): URL 
someone please kill this massive stinkbug that's in my room ! :( 
ready to get back to my love USERNAME even tho she mad at me :( 
#somethingaboutme when my stomach hurts i get really sad :( like my dog died or some . 
watching old #soa episodes and seeing opie makes me sad . 😭 😭 😭 
i want to kill the 10 point buck i've been seeing on the trail camera :( 
USERNAME i tried to call you yesterday so we could hang .. but your phone was off :c 
USERNAME ahh :-( how did you lose your phone again ? ? ? ? 
USERNAME yayy ! ! what a relief ! i'm so sorry for what ur fam has gone thru ! so sad it took this long just to get power back . :( xo 
USERNAME yeah , he obviously texts you but he doesn't text me :( 
USERNAME USERNAME aww .. i didn't mean anything by it . i wish he was playing for us . :( 
having a pet with an ex boyfriend is the hardest , i miss sonny so much today #sadtweet URL 
USERNAME bee trankil fi wet rek bilakhi tu p mm po imaginei cmt j mennui :( 
getting anxiety about my 21st/shotbook ... had a dream that i was trying so hard to do 21 shots and i just couldn't 😔 #shotbookprobs 
soccer , then volleyball , then homework for the rest of the day 😢 
i gotta go visit my lil cuz gravesite and put flowers i don't think i can handle it , she was only two year old 😞 
my voice is a bit hoarse right now , bull 😣 
boothang is sick and i'm not there to take care of him 😔 
my finger still hurts cause of the stupid straightener 😔 
this mood i'm in , i really can't shake it . mann :( 
USERNAME lo sé :( ((((((((((((((( yo tengo de biología :( ((((((((((( 
the fact that i can't keep anything down today . :'( 
USERNAME do you know where i can see your hustlaball 2010 video ? the link on your site doesn't work :( 
oommgg ! my fine ass neighbor just came outside and seen me lookin extra ugly while i'm walking my dog 😩😩😩 😠 😞 
USERNAME okay , i've been in those kinds of wards . sadly , those numbers sound almost right . :( 
sinus pressure is making me very unproductive today .. 😔 
few more hrs until i take my snickerdoodle home :( 
just stop cz you're not doing anything about it 😞 
haven't seen my munchkin USERNAME in like almost 2 weeks 💔 👎👎☝🙀 
seriously ! what am i suppose to say to this text 😣 😯 🙊 
i think the thing that i miss most about my car right now is my vast collection of backstreet boys cds 💔 
USERNAME aww i feel really bad now (/.\) cuz i knocked out , i wldve but i fell asleep :( 
when i go to a restaurant and there's an old man sitting there alone starring off into space < ): it makes me want to just take him with me . 
that sad moment when #veterans day is a sunday :( 
fuck i dont wanna get outa bed . its so cold 😣 
USERNAME aww no wonder ! ahh i still want my bunny . but i can't get one 😔 
at the emergency room for my brother . hope he's okay ): 
i get here &the neighbors are already partying . i wanna join but i hafta study ): 
USERNAME i can't do that anymore :( ill be in florida . 
missing u guyz 😞 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
abs so fucking sore from workin out 😔 needa get toned doe 💆👌 
i wish my girlfriend wasn't in sc right now so she could bring me some subway . 😔 
USERNAME : heyy , booty face i left my phone at my friends house and i dont get it till thursdayy ): 
my stomach just went into so many knots seeing his car . 😔 
sticking with a diet is impossible with low blood sugar 😔 need my sugar 😢 
USERNAME biggest sad face . ever ! 😭 😩😩 😭 try and function without me #sorrydrunksuzie 
these days i dont have time for anybody , my school life takes all the time ! i feel like i'm shutting my closet friends out 😿 😿 😿 
USERNAME so , i had written more but unfortunately the draft never saved :( 
this lady at . hob gave these girls tickets to the ap tour ! why not me :( 
passing judgement is n ☹ t the l ☹ ☹ k 
i'm texting my bae ;), he taking forever to text back thou :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME can anyone send the link ? can't get to it on a phone . :( 
USERNAME he only does it with me because you aren't there :( 
heaven right now . now all i gotta do is make it lol 😣 URL 
USERNAME lol i know ! your face was priceless .. it looked like this at first 😳 then it went to this 😩 and then 😥 lol 😉 
work again ... i'm so tired of this already , i need a day off soon :-( 
USERNAME no ya shitdick . come visit please . :( 
USERNAME oh my god they're growing up without me :( it breaks my heart 
gonna cry so hard tomorrow . and the next day . and the next . and soo on . 😭 😭 😭 
that text that makes you go from 😔 to 😊 .. ❤ 
it's a beautiful day and i have to work :( 
that couldn't have gone any ducking worse back to square one #fml #depressed 
USERNAME when will you be home ! ! ! i miss you :( 
my lil baby hasn't been feeling good ): #henry #pug #pugmug #puglife #ifuckinglovemypug #cute #dog @ home <3 URL 
USERNAME hahaha i feel old . i'm gonna be 22 in april . 😭 
it almost makes me wanna cry to know that the weekend is over :( ( 
rise and shine ! just woke up . missing my church :( ... anyways gym floww ! 
USERNAME mine didn't have mayonnaise on it either ! 😔 it was gross regardless ! #fastfoodisgross 😏 
i fucking hate drinking tea ! ! but i'm sick as fuck . so i have to .. 😔 
so , it is not rumour ? it is true ? i still can't accept it . you two make a lovely couple but end up like this which i dun wish to see :( 
the fact that i might not be going to ms in a week <<<<<<<<< :'( 
USERNAME at least your heart doesn't hate you ! ! 💔 
USERNAME are you ok ? ? sorry we havent talked in awhile :( 
my bestfriend left to the bathroom & her dog is just starring at me 😖 he doesn't like me . 😔 🐶 URL 
and i have tmrw off .. i'm gonna need money :( 
dreading this week to start ... and of course it's already sunday 😞 
USERNAME ugh . she shattered my heart . i never wanna go through that again 😢 
i miss USERNAME ! :( we need to hang out next weekend ! ! 
USERNAME i would like a cup of rune - i mean i need to work on all my final papers that i don't think i'll survive t t.t t 
really though .. why does chick fil a have to be closed 😞 
walking to my car with nobody to talk to :( answer your phones people #lonely 
i cried for like a week when i found out when santa wasn't real #sadtweet 
USERNAME umm me and josh broke up like a week ago lol but yeah i was at home couldn't get a ride to ud or any other parties :( 
why don't girls come over and play halo with me 😔 
beautiful days like this are such a tease cause this weather is not gonna stay :( 
9 days till my birthday and i have no plans 😣 
finally watched the last episode of the walking dead . shit made me cry :'( 
someone should comeover and save me from my boredom 😒 😭 
ugh i want an omelette with lots of peppers in it , so bad ! ! 😭 #toolazydoe #nofwiends #fatgirlprobs 
i feel so weird today ... that dream is not helping me be happy . #sadtweet #sadmood 
USERNAME lol so what if i snore , leave me be 😒 😞 
when is it gonna be cold already .. 😑 😢 
im hungry , but i really dont want to get up :( 
i don't even know who USERNAME is now-a-days . :( 
so your getting with another girl ? you really loved me </3 
i dont wanna go to the doctors for my knee cuz they are gonna tell me i cant play :( 
ahh ! finished with the first two seasons of #robinhood . i cried like a little baby . 😢 now to watch the last season . 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm craving me some dark meat right now ... love and miss you jesse :( 
i want to ride 4 wheelers ! why do people not do that around here ? ! 😒 😔 
“USERNAME the christian right appears to be on the ropes (keep punching ): URL 
USERNAME idk i shouldhave huh ? lamee sounds like y'all had fun </3 
USERNAME i will baby ! only if you help me motivate myself to do psych :( 
off course babe won't get out of bed . :( 
if you are a blogger , you may want to see if USERNAME is ripping off your posts (so far i’ve found two of ours ): URL 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss u guys so bad ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
oh man leaving it up to my dad to take pictures is going to be a disaster 😞 
a girl posted a picture of her cat , who looks exactly like my cat that passed away almost a year ago ... sad now :-( yeah , i still miss her 
USERNAME i don't smoke much . only when i'm stressed . :c 
i never got a drunk alter ego name :( USERNAME 
today's a year since everyone made there 11:11 11/11/11 wishes ..... too bad mine never came true </3 
USERNAME why are you always so mean to me ? ! :( miss you too though ! 
hungry . why is it so bright in here :( 
USERNAME tits . it will have to be after thanksgiving then :( omg so far away ! 
time to start my day .. work at 5. not wanting to go in :( #imtired #owell #gottamakemoney 
damn i miss laquintin :( damn yo dat was my mf nigga idk what happend . 
we all know jelena is probably gonna get back together 😭 
USERNAME oh shit i knew your dad would be wondering ! and i don't know if i can ): but if i can't today .. tomorrow ? make up sex ? 
i wanna watch the barcelona game ! ! ! ! ! :( 
finally have a sunday off to watch football and this is what i have to watch it on . :( @ bryant place URL 
USERNAME no ! we ended up just getting a group one ! 😔 
USERNAME me too ! i just can't fall back asleep :( 
what an awful start to such a beautiful day 😔 
why are my boobs hurting so bad ? ? 😞 
today and tomorrow is homework day for me .. aww goodness . 😔 😒 
USERNAME lol ikr ! i wish you'll was doing the obama parade 😞 
me: he us to love me , know he only uses me :( 
loved seeing you last night ! you have to come to kearny more often 😔 USERNAME 
ohh shit , i think .... never mind . 😧 
tony keeps speaking spanish to me & i don't understand it . well most of it :( 
USERNAME #fact i won't know what to do with my life 😔 
USERNAME we miss you , it's been too long :( you need to come , who's gonna eat everything with me ? 
man . guys are fucking stupid and blind . #fml 
my weekend with my fiancé went by too fast :( 😭 😫 😿 👎💏👫 
everyone is having gumbo and i'm like 😞 i want some gumbo . 
USERNAME when is your dad getting home ? ? :( ( 
where's my daddy when i need him ? i want food 😒 😭 
i wish i could go home for the classic 😔 
so i have no idea how but my instagram got hacked ? super weird . i apologize if have left some dumb comments . :-( #fb 
USERNAME nagkakapimples nga eh :( hindi naman . hahah ok naman kami eh kayo kamusta ? 
a wild ride for 94 years . saying goodbye to bubbe . :( 
USERNAME of course . sunday is my day off ... #onanoppositeday :'( 
i wanna go to a concert , like next weekend . 😞 
i really enjoyed seeing USERNAME for the hour i seen him last night 😞 #smh #stillmyfave 
how many times will i cry today ? :'( </3 
USERNAME USERNAME you don't love me back ? 😭 😩😫 😔 😞 😢 😪 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME true :( he probably hasn't eaten breakfast in over 20 years . i love breakfast so much . #opposites 
"USERNAME URL my nigga USERNAME :c USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i hate registration . every single one of my classes is full #fml 
USERNAME where have you been lets go on a double date soon i miss you and hannah 😭 💔 
dude needed cash to buy drugs . all i had was a credit card . :( (@ sunoco) URL 
USERNAME i love u too sorry i dipped last night :( 
finished talking to him :'( i miss you ! free peligro 
i hate training for something that should have been done 3 months ago ! #fml @ meijer URL 
a heart will never be practical until it can be made unbreakable 💔 
need to have a talk with my #fav ... 😔 hate being in a bad mood - but he usually makes it better . 
i hate when my friends cry it makes me sad ): just be happy ! 
missin someone hurts , but what hurts the most , is knowing that your da reason that they're gon </3 
USERNAME i know :( i'm sorry you can't get out & enjoy it . do you hv a far commute to work ? 
she gave me the bad news . now its time to move on :-( #foreveralone 
kus thats my bay ... he just told me i was too young :( 
hmm , study or play ? :( @ columbia village fit URL 
if i told you how i feel you probably wouldn't care 😔 
guess all my friends are gonna flake on me today :( 
i can't believe the #jerseyshore . i saw pictures of #seaside ! #hurricanesandy fucked shit up . that's so sad . #sadtweet :( 
USERNAME are you okayy ? you haven't been in english class & i looked outside one day & realized there was a humongous tree on your car :( 
why were me and all my roommates all fighting last night ? ! 😭 
i really should be doing my lab but im so comfy on this recliner i dont wanna get up to get my copybook :( 
i really don't wanna go to work :( so sleepy . 
i'm made out to be such a horrible person ... 😢 
please be thanksgiving already ): i wanna grub and be all fat & shit ! 
USERNAME were grown ups 😭 nikki was always the baby now she's haven one and i got 2 what is life 
i am literally so conflicted . my hearts telling me no but my mind is saying yes . what do i do ? i need to talk to him , but he won't answer :( 
USERNAME okay i'll be crying myself to sleep for nine more days 😭 😭 😭 😭 #whydoimissyousomuch #iminlovewithyou 
😩 😭 😭 😭 that used to be my sht 
can't wait to watch the notebook special edition tonight . ❤ 😭 
sick of being sick , i just wanna be home in grand falls :( #goawaypain 
when my grandma used to carry me around , made me soup when i was sick >>>>>> i miss those days :( 
why does everyone insist on having me awake right now ? ! ): 
😞 as you should be but i was on a lazy tip yesterday hun . 😞 
USERNAME bnm kalifornia gezim sarpa sarioo :( ( gelememe ihtimalim war desem .. 
my cramps are making me want to jump in front of a dirt bike . 😣 🔫 😳 😭 
if i have strep throat again i will be so sad 😿 
i wish i knew my password to my other twitter 😔 ... #sad . 
just spent 5 hrs in emergency room for heart issues . wearing monitor for 2 days . plus found out i have a malfunctioning thyroid . :( great 
USERNAME dahh ): text me as soon as you doo . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME keifahh ! miss you all 😭 😭 😭 
i cant even do this test at home nvm at school :( , #failure . 
been with out my baby mitchell for like 3 days 💔 👍 😿 😐 😟 
getting out of bed right now <<< 'no bueno :( 
omg they would be out of cinnastacks the one day i wanted them :( 
i think about 12/21/12 . & i hope the world doesn't end ... i spent my whole life at school if it does ! :( 😒 
after yesterday's game i woke up realizing football is over at obu 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME we definitely needs to go to to naples asap & eat macaroni pizza & taco bell for 3 days straight . 😭 💗 
yeah i have no idea where my mainecard is . looks like i'm stuck in my room for awhile .. 😔 🔫 
i can't fathom the idea of getting out of bed . #cleaning #homework #meetings :( 
i need someone to cure me back to life :( 
just drove all the way to chick-fil-a and that shit was closed . #soggy :( 
USERNAME :-( i'm sorryy i hope you didn't mean me :-( :-( 
these past two days with you have been amazing , you will be missed very much #ripsteven 😥 🐟 
woke up , layed in bed for 2 hours , took a shower , & now i'm laying back down . i'm so lazy 😞 
i wonder why my foot hurts so bad ... :( 
bad news friends .. i didn't win $160 million 😔 
today is supposing to me my relaxing day but fantasy always gets to me 😔 
ughh what i would do to be at disney still right now 😔 
it was fun at first ... but she just bit me .. :( ( 
USERNAME :( well i mean , no matter what , you have the part . 
omg ! ! ! i'm so convince this neighbor is gay smh he always trynna talk to me & he be bringing all guys ova his house & he cop 👋 😧 smh 
“USERNAME beautiful day in new orleans ! #atlvsno #nola URL miss my city 😭 😭 😭 😭 
thought this would get easier by the day , but i miss my granny so bad today . gram is on my mind & ❤ heavy today 😥 😥 😥 
and the hang over is about to hit ... #fml 
can the weekend go by any quicker ? ? :( 
hate waking up and ruining a great dream 😭 😒 
i can tell how today is going to be 😞 
my back hurts more and more by the minute 😔 
it's like all the good ones are already taken 😔 
USERNAME dont be sad ! ! it got better and will continue to get better ! no #sadtweet lol 
USERNAME lol ohh and na i wasn't that sad lol the soap just wouldn't stay in the wand 😔 
i wish miranda woulda woke me up and forced me to go to church with her . 😔 i need god right now 😁 
i really just want my belly button pierced for my birthday , but i'm not going to even bother asking because the answer will be no . 😥 
hashtag team listening to trap music in the bathroom with shaving cream on my face shaking my head wishing i had dreads :( 
i went to bed at 5, why am i awake :( 
USERNAME omg . are you serious ? ! :o i wish i had an xbox . :( 
haha omg how are you going to on facebook . that's crazy , you were soo good at doing sexual things doe 😒 😔 
USERNAME i want to ! ! ! why did you move so far away though ! it used to as simple as a starbucks meeting . now it’s 3 hr drive . :( 
#lifewouldbesomucheasier if i had a front camera like everyone else ! #sadtweet 
USERNAME haha agh i wish ! ! i miss you guys and winter's suppose to be our season 💔 💔 
i want some ginger ale , buh nobodies her too get me any 😢 
where is my USERNAME ? ? i miss her too much ❤ 💔 
USERNAME yeah pain killers side effect is nightmares and other stupid things 😔 but i'm feeling better 😊 
i don't know what to do without my uggs 😭 
USERNAME stupid me arguing with him about something so stupid ! ! :( you know how i get:''/ 
ouch , fuck , i cut my lip pretty badly while shaving this morning . it's bleeding like crazy . #fml 
i hate when my mom cries :( this is always a rough time of year at my house 
USERNAME nobody seems to care about what we have to say :( 
i should have played fantasy this year with USERNAME 😔 #nextyear ? 
USERNAME when you dont snapchat your sister back is kinda annoying to :( 
USERNAME why are they so nervous ? ! ? ! i didn't kill them not did we come close to it ! #sorrynotsorry and no i can't :( #mybad 
want to crawl into a little ball .. and stay like that forever #depressed #sorryeveryone 
oh i rather shoot myself then continue on with this day 😞 🔫 
chee-sy fries chee- chee- sy fries sound hella good boyo's 😞 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #ian #ty 
USERNAME when we would play with all your spoiled cousins toys and be weird 😔 
USERNAME no ! not bessie :( i'm so sorry and so sad ! 
hmm . i need another job ... i'm really upset about last night . this weeks gunna be hard with no money :( 
USERNAME needs to pay more attention to his american friends ... #imissyou :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME there is and her name is copy ... 😱 😧 
USERNAME thanks a lot for the info lol 😔 wasn't there to hear or see it so boo ! ! ! ! ! ! 
i didn't take advantage of my dad being gone i could of slept in my parents bed 😬 😔 
i miss doing competitions . :( well today was my old team #vegascheerauthority or for short vca first comp of the season . goodluck ! ! 
alguem sabe me dizer qnd vai sair o resultado da ufpa ? ! ? espero estar em belem ): 
that song that his playing , go dj max 😢 
USERNAME is coming at me sideways via txt #problems #dramabomb #helpmejesus #sadtweet 
USERNAME it wont send ! :( its the best picture 
well i have to apologize to all of my neighbors now #fuckmylife 
blurred vision from ... tabs pads laps iphones & v games now associated with todays led blue light radiation . see :( google:a . fletcher/blue light 
better not forget to apply the waterproof mascara today ... i'll miss you elder bailey ! 😢 USERNAME 
feel like my shins are just going to bust open :( ughh but only 1 more gamee lol 
USERNAME its what happens when you work 40 plus hours a week :( i'm still drained 
i had a dream that USERNAME gave me a puppy and i couldn't keep it and then USERNAME put it in a sack and shook it ): 
USERNAME y'all make me feel so bad :( i didn't mean for y'all to hate me for leaving or for y'all to not like work . 
USERNAME call me today ! come visit me i miss you 😥 
im bored cause i have nobody to talk to at all . and my board is still water logged because of the rain . :( 
USERNAME you have plenty of time to tweet but you can't text me bf . :'( 
i want a baby giraffe they're soo cutee 😢 ❤ 
cramping so bad right now ! ! 😩 😥 😥 
USERNAME i'd text you but i don't have your new number :( 
USERNAME i miss all y'all over there , ugh . i need more time :( 
USERNAME i'm makin her let me drive in a little and she's so scared she keep procrastinating on leaving the house . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME happy birthday dee ! ! ! ! ! ! my phone is broken so i can't text you anymore :( but happy birthday ! ! 
my jaw hurts so bad i can barely open my mouth .. :( 
USERNAME yess ! and where have you been ? ? havnt seen u in way too long 💔 💔 💔 
after 4 years rest in peace to my first ever laptop :( 
home in a week ! ! ! ! ! 😭 👍 💙 #sohappy 
watching macy's gas tank fill up and i want to cry , goodbye all my money :( 
i miss my best friend zach .. :( we never hang out anymore and he never text me back . 
hate watching football alone . wish i was with the usual gang :( USERNAME 
i was expecting some medication this morning and i find out mine and ivans plan fell thru :( aw . 
i wish i was in new orleans for the game 😔 
wahh it's supposed to snow tomorrow . noo it's too soon 😱 😫 😭 
god dammit .. i have pictures with my keys ! ! ! ughh so pissed #depressing 
this movie always makes me miss my dog sonny 😢 
bye palm trees :( (@ fort lauderdale hollywood intl aircraft viewing area 9l) URL 
you can only give someone so many chances . 😔 
USERNAME i don't know cause i have to work tonight so i'm not sure when i have to leave :( please find your phone 
i haven't been back home in about a month . i miss my family 😔 
USERNAME i know 😔 but i don't find that out till like a year passes by of our relationship 
im really thirsty but im not allowed in my kitchen :( 
oh no . my body wants a nap . 😁😫 😔 
well i thought you did :( i cried myself to sleep every night . :( lol . 
USERNAME i don't care you can never get tired of that movie . 😭 
dropped my rmbp while manoeuvring luggage and it's got a dent even though it was in a padded sleeve . :-( (( URL 
USERNAME i woke up at 330 out of nowhere then fell back asleep and now i'm awake again . 😣 
and two weeks with out texting my best friend 💔 😣 USERNAME 
USERNAME i knoww the things i would do for this weather ❤ ☀ 😔 
gonna have to go try churches by myself since no one will come with me ! :( gospel light baptist , you're up ! 
my poor baby is sick yet again . :-( (@ hidden acre) [pic]: URL 
USERNAME wanna come over nd watch it . eight and a half hours till the 2hr finale :( 
our room is fucking freezing ! d: the rest of the house is warm .. not fair > :( 
USERNAME hell no bro i wish im commung back for christmas :( 
USERNAME sadly , many human beings no longer do :( 
everyone got hangovers , i just got re injured :( 
my best friend's first kiss is in a play #sadday 
or guess i'm getting out of bed now ! ): 
my bed is too comfy . i never want to leaave :( 
USERNAME so i'm not the good lookin in person ? ... dang :( 
my lil sis not going to let me see the conputer . :( 
i wish it was warm enough to go swimming 😔 🏊 
stop sending me snapchats it makes me sad 😭 💔 USERNAME USERNAME #missyouguys #comehome 
my back doctor gave me free movie tickets but there aren't any good movies out :( boo 
USERNAME my sister broke her arm :( can you wish her well please it would mean the world she's in much pain . 
*sobs* i just tried to order the other wg mini album and the gift card won't go through . t t.t t 
when you have a dream that feels so real and makes u so happy but u wake up and it is just a dream<<<>>><<<< #sadtweet :( 
last day in dallas ! ): still have to stop and see the aquarium . we'll be back very soon ! ! i love it here ! ! USERNAME 
i don't want a bad bitch or a down ass hoe i just want a nice cute girl that i can call mine and love and show off is that too much to ask 😔 
USERNAME i miss our midnight talks ! remember those ? aw ): #missyou 
USERNAME why do u not notice me . i'm creying rn coz of you . :'( xx 
USERNAME aww if it wasn't so windy we could have a play date 😔 
USERNAME no .... i cannot afford to buy tickets for the game :( 
the smithsonian associates (tsa ): smithsonian discovery theater technical in ... ( #washington , dc) URL #it #job 
USERNAME that's what you get for talking about slenderman . > :( 
all i want is to go to italy but i don't even speak italian 😔 
happy veterans day mom👼 💙 ❤ 🇺🇸 i miss you& love you with all my heart , i'm forever proud of all you did👏 😔 
USERNAME anytime ! i'd buy you a drink if i lived closer ! & old enough . lmao . 😔 hope you have a great day . 
don't wanna get outta bed , cause then ill have to look for my keys 😔 
USERNAME i was having anxiety panic attacks over & over for like 2 hours last night until i cried myself to sleep 😣 
USERNAME oh just busy with my two jobs ! i don't really have time for anything else :( 
USERNAME a girl on my committee was talking about that this weekend ! i think he graduated already :( 
when you're having an amazing dream , something you really wish could/would happen in reality & then you realize you're dreaming & wake up 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME ahh :( why would you say such a thing 
USERNAME cuz we don't hang out no more ! :( lol 
wish my tracy was home ! need someone to talk to ! ! #sadday #needher 
fucking texas forgot no alcohol sales til noon ... now what ? :( #fail (@ h-e-b) URL 
USERNAME i can't either , that's why i read the novel .. t.t 
USERNAME i can't do online shopping anymore :( i usually end up spending $300 on one site lol 
USERNAME sorry i didn't respond to your tweet last night . i think i miss you more ! #alotmore 😔 ❤ love ya grant 
USERNAME no , you didbt hang with me yesterday :c 
15 % ' leftt ... :( fonee gonn diee .. she aint bringg chargerr ! ughh ! 
USERNAME i missed the show :( will it be ondemand ? 
USERNAME minty , please don’t be mad , i wanna see you at bronycon :( 
oh how i wish i could go back to summer 💔 
it's so beautiful outside today and it feels so good ! i wish it was like this all year round 😔 
i hate nursing homes :( they treat the old ppl so wrong 
i'm sorry :( i just have a lot of feelings rt USERNAME #oomf always complaining 😒 
daniels birthday is in 4 weeks ! ! ! my baby will be 4 years old 😭 
just banged out an essay in less than an hour and half ... #why . can' t.t his . happen . more . often ? ? #motivated 
USERNAME ughh don't even remind me , i have soo much of it to do and study for like 4 tests 😞 
there's nothing to eat in this house .. as usuall . 😣 😒 
monday thru sunday , monday thru sunday ... always here . :( (@ university eye institute w/ USERNAME URL 
passing my old house in philly 😖 😔 memories . 
it's absolutely beautiful out . wish i didn't have to work today . 😔 
USERNAME i don't know how i'd get down there i'm out in lake travis :( ( ugh should've planned this 
USERNAME 😭 i just wanted to ride ! we will find someone during thanksgiving ! 
im pretty upset im not gunna be with my mom this year for thanksgiving 😣 
USERNAME 😔 oh no . you need a cuddle puddle asap . and season 1 of gg . 
USERNAME omg why am i getting that face :( if you replied to my iggy post im sorry but iggy dont work on my phone only my ipad 
kegerator (n ., am . eng . slang ): a device for kegeration; that which kegerates . URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME and me .... :( 
USERNAME lol umm , of course you do . ! but you havent talked to me i forever </3 ... hopefully i get accepted to kent state now .. 
i always get a little sad after getting off the phone with my parents . :c just a couple more days until i get to see the whole family 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wish i could join :( #fuckschool ! 
really worried about my baby boy :( him sick . #ellis 
fuck i messed up my ankle last night ! 😢 😭 
he's hurting . god , be with him and his family . heal and comfort their hearts . i wish i was with him right now ... :( 
i wish i had bigger hands so i could hold more piñons 😞 
being at cheerleading competitions really makes me miss cheering ! #sadtweet 
i'm still wearing the same thing as yesterday cause i was gonna sneak out but i fell asleep 😔 
i don't feel so good 😣 😣 😞 😞 😞 😖 😖 😖 😖 😖 
USERNAME i know me & eve said the samething ayer ): 
i wish my lame girlfriend would text me back 😔 
so i think they're gonna have to break my jaw .. :( 
not looking forward to the rest of this day at all 😠 😞 😁 
how we all were in 8th grade >>> now . #sadtweet 
USERNAME where will you watch . no place online to see it from start 😞 i want to watch it too… 
grumpy and annoyed .. just want to sleep :( but nope .. thats impossible in this house . #teambitchy 
USERNAME no you not you being mean to me now ! ! :( 
USERNAME finna start getting ready for work :( lol wyd punk ? 
i need to find someone to go to disney with because i have a one day pass but no one to go with :( 
i'm in so much pain that i'm nauseous . this is not good . :( 
he's not a bad person you guys , he just makes bad decisions 💔 
weekends over already sigh 😒 😞 friday needs 2 come back ! 
i feel bad for ashley’s family 😢 i hope she’s safe . 
USERNAME but u sed u like it :( ... lol mornin tagi 
i just got super excited that thanksgiving sisterhood was this week .. but then remembered its next week 😔 😏 USERNAME 
wow so supposively my white sister unfollowed me .... thanx i feel the love USERNAME 😞 😔 😓 😪 
still don't feel that good , yet i have school tomorrow . :( 
USERNAME we know , you're super smart , don't let the government discover you , they do ugly things :( 
say whaat ? lol rt USERNAME i miss my man :( 
my poor baby came home with a swollen lip :( 
say a prayer for #op hims going to the vet tomorrow for abnormal bleeding ): i love you op; more than you'll ever know . URL 
omg come over my grandma's house ! i'm so bored :( USERNAME 
meat and chicken gross me out so bad sometimes 😣 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME were leaving right now . so sad :( 
fossil place is gone :( (@ tanger outlet center w/ 3 others) URL 
apparently , i am raising a woodchuck . a very sick woodchuck today . 😔 @ crescent manor URL 
it's gonna take alot for me to not break down knowing my uncle's wake is today & i won't be there to see him one last time 😢 😔 💙 👎 
i just realized how sad i'm going to be at the competition today 😔 
USERNAME i know i do but my momma is always working >___< &she lives in revere :( thanksgiving break/vacation i'm going to revere x) 
USERNAME i cant go then :( this the only time i can get to go ha 
fettuccine ! wish you were here boo :( @ alfredo of rome URL 
USERNAME it sucks there is a ton of places hiring around here , i want to work with adults w . disabilities but you need 2 yrs experience :( 
time to eat and go home 🍴 😢 USERNAME kaitlinmariequinton @ lake travis URL 
ugh i woke up still kinda drunk this morning :( the last thing i remember is going to the bar like at 11 ! ! ! had a good time 
USERNAME USERNAME idk it happened while i was sleeping :c 
USERNAME drink water ! ! ! dehydration kills ! i'm worried :( 
i need to clean my room but i feel so lazy right . now 😞 
can't wait to get my hair done ! i'm on ratchet status now ! ! 😣 🙅 
sick again ? #dafuck ? :'( bout time for the doctor ... 
USERNAME thanks swagg imma . miss not having lunch with u :'( 
USERNAME yes i am 😞 but thank you girly , i'll get through this ! ! ! 
i'm about to cry , i don't want my auntie to leave :'( 
USERNAME i don't think i will . packing is taking 4ever and it's a long commute :-( next time ? s'thing tells me i'll be in chicago again ! 
USERNAME case wthell i miss uu :( weird how we never chill we always have soo muh fun wen we do ! ! love u soo much ! ! mwuah ;* 
mom wanted her christmas lights put up so i was doing it for her but she didn't feel the need to keep the ladder straight and down i go . :( 
ima cut my hair , & idc if i miss it up ! it's too damaged ! 😒 😔 
speed just died . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
gym is open .... no excuse to still be in bed 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME me too ! ! ! ! ! ! 😭 👀 lol 
someone go get me lunch . tom tom has my car ): 
USERNAME haha i doubt it :( it's like no one knows what those are around here . haha 
USERNAME i miss you more ! so happy to hear your car shoppin 🚗💨 let's hangout soon please ): 
okay , just had the most embarrassing thing happen to me :( 
USERNAME oh aww :( and probably soon , i mean we don't see frankie alott so 
i think i have flu symptoms i been throwing up i have a fever and i can't talk and i'm sweating . 😔 
USERNAME umm is this about the person you were talking about last night ? 😳 😔 
i hate hospitals . i just wanna cut my knee off :( 
USERNAME idk , no colts or browns today :( , who r u watching today ? ? 
but me & diets ... we just don't get along 😔 
:( i wish we were celebrating veterans day at work today , instead of tomorrow .... i wanna be there to serve them . but i don't work tomorrow 
the worst things in life come free to us ! ! :( 
completely safe , right ? 😦 way to go grand highlands ... URL 
so sad that USERNAME and USERNAME broke up 💔 😔 
“USERNAME i'm officially getting sick ! thanks a lot USERNAME ugh i'm sorry :( ((( 
daddy cody . i love you so much . please don't lose your eyesight </3 
i miss my mom so much it's fucking crazy 😔 
i don't want a quince , but i'm in too deep 😭 
looks like i'll be spending the rest of today in the library 😞 
everyones going to ihop though ? fuck all yall ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you guys are lucky to have this weather ! i'm not retarded . :( 
USERNAME thank you , but it's soo hard when i have a big heart , mainly full of sympathy now . i'm definitely trying though . 😔 🙏🙏⛅ 
USERNAME yo this pic had me rolling this morning 😭 😭 
i hate that when USERNAME works nights it means i can't text him until he wakes up at 2pm :( 
my mommy made me breakfast but now i have to do chores 😞 
this is the second time linda leaves me at school for a week 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss you both so much 😥 😪 
sometimes i hate the fact that bae's a manager , she can never stay home with me :( 
i have so much volume in my hair i hate it 😣 😒 🙅 
damn imma miss mah south carolina weather ! ! :( ((((( nd USERNAME &USERNAME 
USERNAME damn nose bleeds ! >_< and i wish but i am having issues connecting to wifi connection around here ! 😢 
😾 nobody wanna 👀 us together but it don't matter , cause i got you ! 💛 💙 💜 💚 ❤ 💗 ❤ 💚 💜 💙 💛 
USERNAME me motherfuckers . jeez , just drop the new album already . i really hafta wait til fricken january ? :( #favoriteband 
i haven't really been payin attention to college football this year .. sad to say .. 😔 
"USERNAME this dog has stomach cancer :( & isn't gonna make it much longer so i took a pic with him <3 URL aww . ! 
bouta take my dad back to the half way house :( 
i'm gonna wear my tshirt we made for the concert cause its been a week since i've seen my babby ): 
i rather drink . #ilikeit but i am lightweight :( 
best pickup of the week ... indy defense got me 20 points . have an early lead on USERNAME but i'll get destroyed later on :( 
what will i do without my fucking wifi cuh ? ! ? ! 😭 😭 jk but imma miss her all kindzz 
what does his xbox have that i don't ? 😭 👎 
i don't wanna go to work . i'm in the mood to clean my apt :( 
USERNAME shussh ! it's hard to leave my bed in the am :( but i know i gotta now ! 
USERNAME uugghh :( i'm going to be so lonely without you ! ! #nofriends #shit 
this is just now effecting me .. i have no moree weed ): 
USERNAME it should be illegal to be as jealous as i am right now 😞 
USERNAME i know sad day :( after we went to the apartment and ate wendys & watched house bunny lol 
i havent been to ihop in forever its so depressing :( 
breakfast before we hit the road ! #byeiu ): USERNAME USERNAME @ bloomington bagel co URL 
i spent my tithe money on 🌿🌿 last night .... 😳 😳 😔 
going down the road back home in a few :( 
USERNAME USERNAME blowing up my phone when i'm trying to sleep 😥 😩 
i want someone to sweep me off my feet ): 
my sister & her husband , went to the u . s . embassy in sri lanka & voted 4r our presiden t.t heir apt . was safe in manhattan . 
all these snapchats and no dick pics ? ? i thought i had friends :( 
i needa start dressing warmer i keep getting sick 😔 
if my cat runs out the door one more time , i'll let that whore go and get a new one . now i'm late ! 😾 
USERNAME great , i didn't see this tweet ! ! ! i'm sorry :( did you lose my phone number ? 
i wish my family would answer my calls 😔 #theydontloveme 
so sad 😢 ... see you soon , ny . @ terminal d (delta terminal) URL 
the picture zahrah just sent me <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME 😁 😔 i promise , never agin will i spend rent money on cloths . 
everything is slowly being taking away from me . :( 
i dread driving 2 hours back to school today then 2 hours back here tomorrow then 2 hours back to school tuesday 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME that was the greatest that was the moment we became best friends lol i miss you guys 😩 😥 
the fact that the only thing i have to do today is go and see willow preford at hendershots and that's only at 7<<<<< ugffh ): 
USERNAME USERNAME i never even got a spoon when i was born :( 
USERNAME shut up ! ! ! ! thats not why ! i think im getting sick .. ): 
i have the biggest migraine ever :( #ugghh 😣 😔 
today i will be making the last time card for one of my friends :( 
now you realize you've screwed up soo many ways 😞 
every moment spent w . him , makes me like him even more :( nt good 
USERNAME hob nob would be much better , #ohwell #sadday 
USERNAME i've never had chick fil a so i don't even know what it is :c 
USERNAME lmao kim still drunk . lol j/k .... boo eric wants to go to the book store ... :( i'll go over later .. are y'all going to be home ? 
can somebody text me goodmorningg , i never get those texts anymore :( 
USERNAME thanks for letting us know you were here :( 
USERNAME you unfollowed me .. :( ( what the heck ? 
the toilet and i are best friends today . 🚽 😔 🔫 
damn it ! 😤 i was certain i was gonna win the powerball last night . 😭 
USERNAME i wish , but i'm not home . :( 
yesturday was like the worst day ever . what a bad trip 😔 
probably one of the worst things in life is waiting in a long ass victoria's secret line 😥 😒 
i don't have my wisdom teeth anymore but it feels like there's more coming in . #fml #wisdompain 
my head feels like its going to explode at any minute . :( 
USERNAME ohh im srwy boo .. :( and its okay we can be depressed together .. <3 
i just want some bacon , eggs &' chorizo . i defiantly miss is my mom cooking breakfast , lunch &' dinner everyday .... 😔 
so this is what it feels like to lose someone you love ... just remember , i love you , a . m ... #heartbroken </3 
to bad i'm going to denny's 😔 oh well it will do 😏 
i wish USERNAME would wake up alreadyy ! i'm bored . 😒 😔 😞 
instead of enjoying this beautiful fall day outside , i'll be watching from my window . studying , yet again . 🍂 😞 URL 
this song reminds me of him 😔 😔 😔 #excrush URL 
this is the first time i've ever seen this movie . omfg it's so sad :'( 
i have to work on black friday :( and plus i don't get paid this friday but thr next *sad face * 
USERNAME hey bi i wont be able to make it to church ! :( 
i don't even want to get married or have kids since my nana won't be here to see it :( 
so sad to be leaving libby and dc this afternoon . :( but at least i'll get to return to USERNAME and then home to mi on tuesday ! #travel 
USERNAME aww :( yall gone be visiting anytime soon ? and how you like it out there so far ? 
USERNAME i know . 😔 spur if the moment kind if night ! 
also last sunday :( 4 years do go by fast . 
i don't want to get out of bed , i'm nice and warm ... :( 
USERNAME i miss you :( can we please do something soon ? ! lol . 
only USERNAME understands the extent of my self hatred for my drunk alter ego 😔 😞 😣 😢 😩😫 😖 
left USERNAME 5 minutes ago and already miss her :( fml 
USERNAME but he stepped on your face and gave you a black eye :( 
USERNAME i needed a cuddle buddy last night ! where were you 😢 😭 😭 😭 
to have a black volkswagen beetle , i would be the happiest girl alive . 😔 💔 
i fell asleep last night without charging my phone 😦 
USERNAME on so you came down for USERNAME party , but not mine ... i see how it is 😥 
USERNAME my favorite is 4 & 5 i liked the time jump season 5 seemed the saddest cuz lucas and peyton weren't together :( ((( 
, have to sell the mitsubishi eclipse ... :'( #hyfrtheycallmesqeegee 
when you want the days to go by slower , that's when they feel like they are going by the fastest ): 
since u been gone i have been having withdrawals 😒 😩 😞 
USERNAME i have to see . cause i work every weekend friday and saturday 😭 
every morning i wakeup , i do a little stretch in bed and vito will try and mock me . unfortunately i'm the only one who has to get up 😾 
hate being spoiled cause when ion get my way i be mad :( 
to bad you distanced yourself from me ever since you moved . you're not the same guy i knew . 😔 
USERNAME i knoww :( it seems to be working fine except when i talk to ppl on the phone i have to have it on speaker . 
lost my USERNAME hoodie last night durring the USERNAME after party USERNAME :( 
its so pretty outside and i have to go to work :( 
i'm really not tryna get my hair wet . 😦 
USERNAME he was trying to jump out of his bowl so then i was like no steven dont then i turned around and when i looked back he was dead 😥 
USERNAME i hate you ! i clicked on the link & seen the picture before it even plays & it was so nasty ! ! ! ! ): 
“USERNAME wouldn't be anything without her 💙 💛 USERNAME URL 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i miss you so much 
USERNAME hah .. well i'm in bk where it's not insane to have one ... i could park it on the garage .. but insurance is crazy . >la prices :( 
tired af . but need to study for the bio exam #fml 
USERNAME this is karma for me not coming . #fuckmylife #ilovehim 
USERNAME um yeah i think so >.< i just wish i could have slept longer t.t but noo i just haad to go pee t(-.-t) f u bladder . 
rt “USERNAME jerry springer died this morning ? 😳 ." no fucking way . do not say that to me 😔 
i'm getting upset now , cuz i miss them . 😞 
this conversation is making me cry .. 😭 😭 😭 😭 
anybody else see this 70s looking pornstar at golds right now ? ? ! ? ! ? loll 😭 😭 😭 😭 
many heart breaks ! 😩 😞 😔 lost 2 ppl that meant the world to me an the shit just don't seem real 
i hate when my babe leaves me home alone :( 
not looking forward to going back to the bay tonight ... :( sad panda 
USERNAME i'm at work and miss you soo much :( 
i got used to waking up early during the week because of school , now during weekends theres just no way i can sleep in  #fml #stillsotired 
USERNAME waking up to all the pictures , videos , text messages , and calls from last night . 😞 everyone hates me . 
USERNAME i was gonna buy you something to give to beau so he could . give to u but the store was closed :( 
USERNAME this isn't the first for me either ! 😢 goshh 
i wonder what the plan is today ... i hope her mom says yes . </3 
USERNAME im afraid i won't be able to . i needed a little more notice so i could move things around . i promise to catch the next one ! ! 😥 
waking up to all the pictures , videos , text messages , and calls from last night . 😞 everyone hates me . 
USERNAME spellin my name wrong is ruddee ! :( you won't visit either ... 
USERNAME shit ! deal . i never look at fb event invites , i get honestly 20 a day or more :( 
USERNAME aww ratz ... you better not pass it on to me 😔 ps guess who just txted .... starts with a n and sounds like the number 8 
my stomach is making weird sounds :( but i don't think i'm hungry v.v 
onlymy dumbass would leave my ap book at school #nobueno #fml 
why cldnt i read this last nite ? 😧 😑 
i was gonna ask mah bestie USERNAME if he wanted to go to a pizza buffet with me today , but he's grounded :( 
hmm montana's or mi fam ? can't decide .. don't wanna drive home .. :( 
USERNAME no i didn't i was too cheap and iffy about the whole wii motion controls . kev was supposed to lend it to me but i never got it :( 
dude ! ! i wanna buy a zoo :( ( -santa: if you are listening . i want 18 acres . 40 different species . 5 lions ! and um .. some koalas #thankyou 
USERNAME i miss you :( come see me soon ! 
i want to see USERNAME so bad tonight i'll probably just sit around and cry since i cant ): #so #fucking #sad 
going to the beach .... sikee it's too cold :( i'm just gonna go get pale like bella 
scratch that ... he isn't coming over today like he said .. he made new plans .. 😔 😓 😢 😪 #sadtweet 
when girls are so desperate to find a bf or lose themselves in a relationship & sacrifice friendships <<< c'mon , you're better than that . 😔 
happy veterans day ! ! ! 🇺🇸 no steelers today=( 😣 guess i will cheer on the saints ! ! 🏈🏉 
shit gets real when the holiday is approaching knowing my grandma want be here , hurts my heart 💔 
some asian kid rolled up to the drive thru at 10 and asked me how old was i cause i looked too young to work that late . 😔 #asians 
USERNAME lol stopp 😣 😣 😣 im trynna fight the craving ! 
i wanna go home ! ! i wanna go to my church ! ! i miss my church 😭 😭 
i don't wanna do my homework and study #fml #thissemesterneedstoend 
USERNAME bleh ! i wonder if he will be here in colorado , sucks to be me walla :( at least you can be around the concert 
USERNAME noo ! you have a sad face now :( im sorry :( 
kristen wiig left , snl is just not the same anymore :( 
USERNAME ;o you haven't seen your best friend ! i'd die without my bobo ! </3 & it was fun lol but weird ♥ 
the fact that its 16 degrees outside right now>>>>> :( 
what in the world was up with my dream last night ? you shouldnt be there ! 😣 
on my way to this prison i call sports authority 😔 
USERNAME what's wrong ? ! :( hope you feel better . 
i'm so excited for the 2 hour finale of #breakingamish ... but at the same time i'm sad the season will be over 😊 💗 😥 
USERNAME aww i miss you more guess am going to have to make a trip to the lou 😔 😔 😔 😔 
its gonna be so hard to go to school tomorrow <<< USERNAME 💜 😞 
USERNAME i dobt have emojis :( judt the heaarts haha 
woke up feeling like i got my ass bea t.t hen i remembered i did .. 
well , i'll be getting drunk w/ USERNAME just like last summer 😞 #missit #comeback 
the fact that me and you don't talk any more << 😔 
URL see justin unhappy and without smile on his face :( ( it's can understand only beliebers . ♥ 
yahoo ! fantasy football has been down for at least 45 minutes . i guess i'm stuck with whomever i've already chosen to play or bench . :( 
USERNAME aaron it's not even funny anymore 😭 i can't do college . i'm so out of my element . 
eww your breathe smells like your throat is sweating . ☹ 
just made sunday feast and i'm pretty upset USERNAME isn't here to eat it with us 😔 
USERNAME butts hurting :( i took a little something it should be easing off ! 
not feeling this 8 hour shift today ): come visitt 
USERNAME needs to be here . no one loves me 😿 
wishing i could go visit USERNAME but currently have no car :( 
5 mins till kickoff and my fantasy app won't load :( 
USERNAME ahh i'm sorry love 😔 maybe you should talk to that person 
my cousin got bit by a bat . omfg </3 i hope she'll be okay <\3 
not feeling so good today :( only 9 1/2 weeks left and my baby girl will be here <3 #cantwait 
i want to go home . i miss my cats </3 
USERNAME i love you ! ! girl i was all the way turn up last night i called you but you didn't answer :( lol i was to fucked up to text haha 
speaking of veteran's day << my military i . d . expired last week :( 
so i was blowing up my boyfriend phone and he tells me i was just tryna be cute . :( 
i'm seriously gonna miss these boys wahh 😳 😓 😥 😰 😪 😅 😫 
USERNAME hi justin that selena gomez by dejastes to barbara palvin believe and i'm like that happens to you :( 
i wish my grandma could be herself agian :( #sad #missingthosedays 
USERNAME but i miss u all :( damn wifi ! 
my mom takes forever to get ready o m g 😔 
i miss my baby now 😞 going to his dads as soon as i get off 
quote of the day (by a #racist #republican ): they think they can do whatever they want because the president is like them . #rude 
i have a bad headache :( just watched my aunt finish the rock and role marathon 13 mile run ! 
USERNAME idek , i just can't stand the cold and snow :c 
USERNAME what's up biffle wiffle . i finally made my motherfucking mashed potatoes . lol but we didn't have extra cheese . :c 
i don't want to get out of bed 😔 😔 😔 😭 😭 😭 😫😫 
USERNAME yes u do suck ! ! i miss u #sadtweet 
USERNAME abayo my friends lil cousin , he was onlii 18 or 19 :( 
game didn't go as planned but tons of improvement . i let a goal slip right thru my fingers 😣 .. but there's always next time . #deucesiup ✌ 
lmao rt USERNAME i forgot my password already ! had to open a new twitter :( 
leaving makes it worse so why get up and go ! ? ? ? 😞 😣 😣 😣 
crying because we're going out #bigbaby #wearecomingback #calmdown 😥 😭 🐶 @ bear creek lakes URL 
and the hangover kicks my ass while at lunch with my grandparents . #fml 
USERNAME i love you too ! & i know ): i seriously hate it ! ! 
i remember christine grinding on me and next thing i know my belly button was bloody :( 
USERNAME idk what im going to do without you next semester ... it was like someone is missing in my night last night :( #ginawithdrawls 
USERNAME i wish i could but i can't :( i have a basketball game 
on some real shit i wanna move into an apartment by myself 😔 
USERNAME quote of the day (by a #racist #republican ): they think they can do whatever they want because the president is like them #rude 
USERNAME hmm :{ i guess it's up to you USERNAME #fingerscrossed 
had a dream i got a new longboard . then i woke up 😭 😩😫 
USERNAME im srwy ! ! ! ! ! ! :( :'( ik we gotta vent to eachother ! ! ! and im not gunna be in science tomrrow :( :( :( :( :( 
USERNAME wow well yea but now that might be mad at me :( 
USERNAME ya being married its hard enough paying bills now days . livin paycheck to paycheck w/no savings in the bank feels great ! :( 
i need something to do tonight & tomorrow .. 😣 
why is it so hard to find a good guy ? 😔 #findme 
sundays just aren't the same without the packers playing :( 
when you really have to pee but you're so comfortable ... looks like my bladders gonna explode 😔 
i just want to find a guy that will play sonic x with me :c 
USERNAME cant help that im sasquatch :( wanna help it ? ;) 
USERNAME i would go ... but it's closed . ))) ): fuckery 
this little girl can't talk , ahh this is so sad 😔 and she trying to tell me something . 
going to church omg my arm hurts bad ..... :( well ready to hear postive things in my life ! i wish church was everyday so i could get away 
i think me and USERNAME need to hang out . it's been forever & i miss that pretty lady . i was just thinking when we were bestfriends :( 
ohio state didn't play yesturday and the browns don't play today either #sadtweet 
i hate how much i love you boy ...... 😔 
burt’s bees lip balm burns my lips :( is this normal or am i retarded ? 
the one day i don't work i crave an andy's cheeseburger🍔 😢 
USERNAME 😔 😢 we still have playoffs though 👍 😊 
ill never meet you;/ i asked jon . to make me the ollg but he didnt know how :( iloveyou 
-sigh- off to the worst place in the world :( 
someone take me for some breakfast .. tummy's growling , need this to help me cope with this disaster i'm dealing with 😒 😔 
USERNAME ahnahn nah :( asin on twitter ! like i have seen them in life . ok .... but me sef i am complete but then i have sight issues :( 
jocory you coming eat out with me for my birthday ? no ? ok . 😔 😩😪 
USERNAME smh . i ain't even gonna give no excuses 😔 
USERNAME people keep going in front when they get here later than everyone else :( 
USERNAME the fab five i know we haven't ! since halloween :( ((((((((( 
i get sad around thanksgiving and christmas time .... :( 
“USERNAME lil wayne retweeted omg <3 URL i'm jealous 😭 😰 
USERNAME some sort of explosion on the south side . they dot know what happened :( 
you make me feel so awful when i mess up . 😔 
USERNAME who is taking care of her while your gone ? :( 
such a beautiful day .. and i work 😔 😞 URL 
goodafter noon ronnie , r . i . p ronnie , imu :( 
will be missing most of my giants today :( someone keep me updated ! 
quote of the day (by a #racist #republican ): #rude 
i want my blue hair back 😔 💙 💙 💙 💙 💙 
USERNAME USERNAME i know ! ! :( ( when i get back . you guys are mine 
USERNAME good god my friend stole my phone :( deleting that ! ! 
omg does anyone wanna go to this game with me :( obvs can't drive there . #sucks 
doctors after work .. again . 😩 😭 🔫 #fuckme #mylifeisajoke 
USERNAME wraa i’m not home for this one , again . :( wish there was a web login redemption mechanism :( 
it's 4:03 and i can't sleep without you next to me .... 😥 
USERNAME i'm sorry buddy :( i'm just gonna miss you guys . ill have fun next year but its not gonna be the same ): it never will be . 
i'm takin adrian to my moms & going out with nathan :( USERNAME 
ugh didnt even know what rev . dockery was talking bout 😣 
can't wait to come home #homesick #missingmy #family 💔 👪😩 
USERNAME yayy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! me too :( this girl was told me that she was from oak park an i got so sad lol 
USERNAME USERNAME ! ! ! ! ! u cheat > :( 
USERNAME so dis da person u cheated on me with ... :'( USERNAME lmfao hahaha 
i could really go for some konomi's right now , but it's so far away 😔 #hungry #japanese 
USERNAME aww ! ! ! ! ! i would cry ! ! ! that's soo so sad 😥 😥 😥 😰 
USERNAME 1 year and no dlc for ps3 yet :( 
man i wanted to go to the mmg concert w/ my uncle ... but ofcourse i have to work . so now he's going w/ his wife > :[ 
my mom has a stash of rice crispy and i'm barely finding them 😾 
USERNAME USERNAME :( ... , ......... a couple girlfriends i'm so hood rich ? 
USERNAME ik ! ! ! :( i hate that word .... 
when i talk to old friends , its not the same 😣 
i'm getting so old i swear . i used to be able to play 3 games in a day with no prob . now after 2 games in 2 days , my whole body hurts 😔 
my cousins friends just came up stairs and i look a hot mess . 😧 
i need a job where i don't work weekends 😔 
i got one more week to get through then i can leave to see my momdukes lord knows i miss that lady 😔 
my little brother turns 13 tomorrow ! ! ! ! soo crazy . he's growing up so fast :( @ moody city hall URL 
USERNAME i don't even want to think about it 😔 😢 
USERNAME lol my nose is stuffy a hell and i have body aches ): 
mierda , pasaron a justin besando a selena en la mejilla , ¿era necesario ? :-( . #emawinbieber #justinbieber URL 
USERNAME USERNAME thank god but i make to much :( so i cant get them for me 
i think i'm going to come into heritage tomorrow morning first hour . i miss teachers </3 
are the raiders playing right now ? ! ? i can't find them on tv :( 
USERNAME if calliou was a real kid , i'd slap him on his head just once :[ you aint lying 
a little nerves about the game :( USERNAME you might have a good sunday for both games today #falcons #riseup 
hey guys , check out URL and donate some $$$ if you can . these dudes got a bunch of gear stolen in philly last night :( 
all i want to do today , is go to the freaking USERNAME game . like is that too much to ask for ? 😔 😭 
so ? what games am i missing out today ? memphis in miami and kings in lala land :( what is a fan to do ? good luck to USERNAME & USERNAME 
i wanna go to oomf house be i spent all ma money :( bt ma daddy pose to be bring me sum money toma . 
but i want to shoot hoops with kobe on ellen's show ): #sadkeu 
USERNAME yea , i don't think they know yet . i drove out by there earlier . cops and news everywhere . it's awful :( 
kind hearted ppl get the worse respect from other human being 😔 *big shrugs* 
watching kung fu panda . :( the sad part #emotional #sad #awh 
USERNAME you didn't even get me mcds ! ! > :( 
wow .. just found out s was home yesterday .... :( 
wants to vacuum my room but really don't want to carry it all the way to my room ... :( 
USERNAME just legally bought her first dutch .... they grow up so fast 😢 😁🎈🎉 
shellie got a bigbooty so i call her bigbooty , i fkn miss her ' 😢 
i need to take a shower & get ready but the game is on 😞 
cool , so i get to be at this airport for 6 hours ! #fml #again 
USERNAME i love bieber he's the best singer ! wish i had enough money for me and my cousin to go to the concert :( 
USERNAME ohh yeah saw that pic of u in the steelers jersey ): sucks for u that u lost that bet 2 ur wife 
USERNAME the iphone ! how many gbs ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? is it ! ill buy it :( i miss having a iphone 
just found out that my redskins don't play today 😞 
me: can i call you monica ? mom :c an i call you dipshit ? #momoftheyear USERNAME 
USERNAME wat if u turn stuff around then u make me look bad :( mmhm lol 
pasaron a en el mtv , me están haciendo mierda :-( , los quiero ver juntos . #emawinbieber #justinbieber URL 
USERNAME your welcome , you don't never show me love :'( 
so i want a legit relationship ... but it's been so damn long lol i don't even remember how to bag unless i'm tryna hit 😔 
another place closed on sundays :( #fail (@ d & q - the beer station) URL 
i've got 99 problems and they're all due tomorrow .. #fml 
i got a bottle of 1800 and some vodka and some hard lemonade ... but i hate drinking alone :( 
thats crazy thanks to sandy cunys have school tomorrow when we shouldnt 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME lmfao my mom will kill me if i ever touched the bottle again 😣 
USERNAME i would be too ! i work with elderly people every day and sometimes some of the shit they say just puts me in tears :( 
thank you poppy now than ever . he was a veteran . he was a great grandpa and protected me when i needed it <3 . #rip #greatlymissed #thankyou </3 
USERNAME wait so one direction are performing on the today show in rockefeller center on tuesday ? i need to know ): 
taking pictures of all the food i cant have 😢 
doode . something is really up with my stomach right now . it hates me . i'm sorry i never feed you what you want 😢 😔 
missing my baby already . damn an she already home </3 
USERNAME 0 m because the game won't load after the update ... again :( 
chick fil a isnt open on sunday .. :( #sadness #gonnacry #waa 
😞 it's been a day and i already miss my mom #thisisstrange #iloveher #missyou 
moving all my crap into my grandparents' house today . 😥 
USERNAME hahahah , i left mine in courtney's car , and she lost it . 😭 
miss seeing USERNAME at the trombley house already 😢 #comeoversoon 👍 😊 
i didn't even get tell USERNAME hi or bye today :( 
freezing cold at work in the ratchet tent :( ( mehh i wanna go home and the gates haven't even opened #gonnabealongday #takemehome #cold 
well what the hell do i do now :( URL 
today is the day my daughter was created one year ago . im planting flowers for her . sucks she has to watch me do it in pain and alone ... :'( 
USERNAME awh baby :( i love you . are you ungrounded for good ? 
i havent talked to marissa in a week . :( 
weekend is over had fun with my primas now back to my papers 😭 
i wish my dad and i got along better .. #sadtweet 
so pissed i'm missing this game right now ... all i want to do is leave work and cuddle ! 😒 😔 
not ready for this to be my last game with USERNAME :( 
i should be at my cabin right now ! 😩 😭 URL 
first time at the beach since the hurricane and everything looks so sad , i can't even imagine how bad it was during it 😔 
USERNAME i hear they pushed it back to july ! ! ! :( (( they keep doing this to me ! 
heartbreak , baby , is half the fun . you bring the bullets , i'll bring the gun . 🎶 💔 🔫 
USERNAME they were one pick just ahead of us :-( 
jst think bout him makes me wonder if he even thinks about me . . :c 
not too happy i have to leave tomorrow 😭 😤 
back to sa :/ then back to laredo later :( 
never give up on someone .. that you once told all your secrets to & gave your to 😔 
had a long night now to work :( #fuck this shit # tired as shit # don't wana work #need sleep 
USERNAME :( maybe next tuesday ! thanksgiving break🍗🍗lol just know i love you & miss you 😘 😘 
USERNAME you didn't tell me you had moved ! ! ! ! *ultra sadface* :( 
pitch-perfect satire on gender in politics (and business ): is america ready ? URL 
i cant believe i traded aj green in fantasy & he caught a monster touchdown #fml #nfl 
miss my grandpa :'( god needed a new angel in heaven so he chose him .. i accept it , sure but it doesn't make life easier </3 
i don't want to go to work ! :( wahh 
USERNAME i looked for you on istagram . couldn't find you ): 
im remember what bri fucking put in toyrus 😔 😒 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL bhi 
USERNAME hey u can always talk 2 me ok :( 
my charger broke .. & my phoned about to die :( (( 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL gguj 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL hibg 
USERNAME miss you too 😭 i'll be home friday ! 
i'm mad i always have to miss the game because i work :( but gonna watch it until i have to get ready <3 
gynff just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL 
heading down to philly to see my first cowboys vs eagles ! ! ! makes me happy and sad ... wish my dad was there with me 😢 let's go cowboys ! ! ! ! 
but i'd really rather stay home and work on my car today .. 😭 
i hate the fact that my maiin babe USERNAME left me :-( i love u 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL huft 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL jgdf 
USERNAME is in omaha tonight . wish i could be there :( 
wish i was at home making lefse with the family today 😔 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL jdfg 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL gghvf 
and i've seen my child for a total of 5 minutes since thursday . kyle's mom and aunt kidnapped her for the weekend . i miss her ! 😔 
USERNAME tell justin that we want to see a real smile ! we don't like seeing him like this :( 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL hhsg 
i dont wanna go to my new member class 😔 
damn , i had way too much to drank last night . hangovers suck donkey balls . fml :-( 
i always get so sad when USERNAME coachella set is over 😢 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL hgss 
USERNAME i love these colored ones but they're so uncomfortable 😭 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL vgsg , 
USERNAME text me ... i don't have your number anymore :'( 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL fddyg 
pretty girls piss me off . let me be you . 😭 
maybe its the pain fucking with my head . idk i feel confused , i feel alone , i just dont know 😔 😔 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL udgj 
can't watch football cause of work :( but #letsgogiants #bigblue 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL hdfh 
well she beleived me but i wasnt allowed to have a bf :( 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL gdfbn 
USERNAME sorry :( i was here for only the weekend . there will always be next time 
thinking about cutting off my ombré this winter and staying all natural ... but i'll miss it and my long hair 😔 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL hsyu , 
USERNAME wtf ? ! why ! ! not okay 😥 
officially juniors on the field starting to prepare for our third season 😧 #holycrap USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL gshh 
i wonder why my mama move all the way up here .. dang , i'm bored and have nobody up here to talk too :( 
because i saw no deer is the reason i haven't shot this thing . :( sad ! @ leroy's deer stand URL 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL jfdt 
7 for 26 @ vs ! ! ! ur missing out :( wish u were here to come w/ me ! 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL jxgh 
dropping paul off :( (@ louis armstrong new orleans international airport (msy) w/ 27 others) URL 
USERNAME fo real :( its okay . east coast 2013 ! ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME no not yet ! i have no service in my house 😔 
just looked at the polls :'( URL … #justinbieber URL ifsf 
my sweet baby is sick as a dog . :( #mommyprobs 
so go see disney on ice with me ! i wanna go so bad 😞 😔 
rip laguna grill and brigantine north end 😭 😭 @ brigantine beach - 14th st . URL 
hey friends , go refollow USERNAME . they got hacked and lost all their followers :( let's get back on board fam ! 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( i was just bored at the party 
USERNAME ooh i'm scared . 😣 😩 😨 😰 lmao 
USERNAME you already do ! and i'm super jealous 😔 
damm i need to start going to church 😔 lol 
i have to start over my sauce collection crap :( 
i wish he would stop smoking is much i want to be able to see him in 20 years ): 
i wish i had a sister . i hate having two brothers . 😞 
it feels like today and last night is one big dream #iwish 😔 😪 😭 
wanna know how to loose weight ? stress out like a mf . 😣 
USERNAME what time do the broncos play ? ! our schedule says 11 but we can't find it :( 
i just wanna play with a puppy . i miss my eli :( 🐶🐶🐶 
did i leave my keys in your house :[ ? USERNAME 
the bengals are killing it and i can't even see it :( 
lo malo del viaje fue no haber podido comprar en victoria's secret :( 
my hair is going through the struggle right now ! ! :( -__- 
i hope hes not mad at me for burning his sweatshirt :-( 
USERNAME allison i fucking dont remember that pic being taken . #fml #willweeverlearn 
oh shit . i burped and whiskey came up . :( 
cant stop crying . i feel so bad . :( ( 
USERNAME are you mad at me ? you never reply to me anymore 😖 😥 
haven't been using instagram cuz i lost my sd card :( 
i have replaced the screen on my phone 4 days ago ... and it's already cracked ... #fml 
i want my boyfriend . he works too much :( 
USERNAME USERNAME omg 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 im so done 
ughh i don't want to get out of bed :( 
i'm sick and i hate it :( someone needs to make me feel better . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME aww don't make me cry i miss y'all wait till christmas 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
anybody got a iphone charger they wanna let me get ? please ! ! ! lol 2% :( 
oh laundry - why must there be so much of you ? #sadtweet 
how depressing . :( edc is over #edcorlando USERNAME #ithappenedsofast @ tinker field URL 
USERNAME ohmygoshh ! ! i'm sorry i thought that was you but i wasn't sure . :( 
adrian didn't like him lol🐳 😭 @ seaworld san antonio URL 
i wish i was lucky enough to see USERNAME in person . 😔 i'd be peeing my pants from laughing so hard ! 
only beliebers under stand how much we go thrue ! :'( we get hated on ever day and its like ppl don't care ! :'( fml ! 
watching simultaneous games , cheering on my fantasy players , slowly losing any love USERNAME has for me 💔 
USERNAME we'll that's true but when you eat out all day everyday . it wipes you out :( 
USERNAME i didd ! you didn't text me back ): 
you know what ? forget keisha and priesha . they don't love a nigga no more :( 
just busted a nail<< cool guess i gotta get it fixed on my break :( 
USERNAME have you seen harry's tumblr ? thats why they're saying #staystrongharry :'( 
why did i come home to my momma listening to frank sinatra on pandora ? ? 😦 
it feels like the beginning of the summer not the end of the fall 😭 
USERNAME whaat ? ! </3 where r u gunna work :( 
USERNAME i know :( i go to school super far ! but i will be home before you know it ! ! 
USERNAME my flight 4352 is only delayed by 25min so my connection time is 16min to flight 1358. if i miss it what hpnz for my 6hr delay ? :'( 
drone in my #fantasyfootball league kept trying to trade me doug martin all season , before he got hit . i kept saying no . :-( 
i want to go to nc and visit my best friend ): 
USERNAME haha yeah ! but they wouldn't take it ... 😔 USERNAME URL 
wish i could be watching my boys :( let's go giants ! 
my sister is so mean to me today . she doesn't want to give me a drink 😔 
USERNAME i'm not . 😔 burb's got me working . 
arianna tiana and keilan will predictably not speak to me probably until ... i give it november 30 😔 
i turned to weed & liquor to deal with my stress :( 
USERNAME my phone was lost haha along with my keys :( 
wanna be there . but he probably wouldn't want me there . sad to say but its the truth . :( 
i remember watching USERNAME when i was in 8th grade . and i watched the valentine vid and thought he actually loved me . #buthedsnt </3 
i can't believe i'm not gunna see my best friend USERNAME for a whole month ! 😿 💔 
i had the worst/scariest dream last night and i can't stop thinking about it 😞 
nothing is more embarassing then getting . yelled and cussed at by your mom in public ! poor kid . :( 
really disappointed that USERNAME turned screen share into a premium feature . :( 
euh , problème les ema c'est a 21 heures , du coup je peux pas regarder , :( 
i just caught my cats cuddling . i feel upset they hid their relationship from me 😔 
USERNAME ik , aha love you :* hope you have an amazing birthday <3 wish i was there though :c 
iggy i accidentally just skipped a song i like on pandora #fml 
my big brother USERNAME don't love me no more 😢 
“USERNAME rip my best lil buddy :( URL i'm sorry 
USERNAME i wasn't at all actually :( i was just trying to be a nice , good friend . #ouch 
if anyone sees my student id i would greatly appreciate getting it back :( 
although i did sleep like a baby , this rain is making me tired aff :( 
rainy weather and my cuddle buddy is no where close 😔 
#somethingthatwillalwaysgettome that asian video that my friends make fun of me when i start bawling :( 
i seriously can't even lift my head without getting dizzy 😣 
okay so i have a problem with being still ): ! : ! i have to have something to do at all times if i ain't sleep 
i wish there was a packer game today ! :( 
USERNAME i had a terrible day :( ill text you 
it breaks my heart to see my nanny like this </3 
USERNAME were loosing her ! ! ! 😳 😳 😳 😳 😔 😔 we need her back 
USERNAME USERNAME that show sold out a long ass time ago here :c there are a shit ton of good shows this month and next that i'm stoke for 
man i messed up :( how stupid can i be like forreal :'( i just wanna cry 
USERNAME i know it's sad :( but i loved last nights episode ... 
soo sick 😔 not like hung over but like sinus infection 😷 😖 help mee ! 
i was like begging my mom to take me to the mall cuz i didn't wanna ride the bus & i had no money :( 
USERNAME ugh :( you guys never texted me ! ! ! miss you too sweet cheeks . how'd the cookies turn out ? 
USERNAME what about just thee other sailors not on the stennis ! ? :( 
it's really cold and there is nothing to do 👿 💔 👊 
😢 just wish you'd grow up already and be serious with relationships & my feelings ! 
allowing my ed control me .. ): i just want it too stop .. but i can't even help it anymore /: 
USERNAME i love it too ! i miss best so much 😔 ! hopefully this year will fly byy #cityiscallingmyname 
it's so nice outside .. too bad it's windy as poop :( 
USERNAME awesome…well said ! makes me wonder which we are all too often :-( wise ! 
“USERNAME teacher is arrested for having sex with student in parked car outside centennial high school in port saint lucie . mr . madison 😭 😭 😭 
i dropped my camera down the toilet and now it's broke noo 😭 #onlyme 
i hate that i always hangout with people years older than me because they make 18 seem like a babies age :( 
already a horrible sunday ! (turns off tv and hops in the shower) #fml 
USERNAME i’m not even gonna get an opportunity to talk shit in this game 😔 
😕 don't say that ! rt USERNAME my big brother USERNAME don't love me no more 😢 
did i really already lose my licence again ? > :( 
just spent 20 minutes trying to plug this damn phone charger into the wall and then realize its not even the right charger #fml . 
i'm having such a good weekend ! i don't want it to end :( 
USERNAME i wish i could get the pics u got taken :( 
always have to warn people to scoot the seat back after i've driven 😞 #shortpplprobs 
USERNAME i do , too , and when i am , it always hits me hard ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i have a meeting at nike :( 
USERNAME i was gonna but . i figured you had work sorry 😔 
woodlands with kelly before work and she leaves me 😞 
i'm crying like a big baby because USERNAME left ): and idk when i'll see him again 
USERNAME USERNAME he abuses me on the phone all the time ! 😞 bax 
وداعا لوس انجلوس :( (at gate 14) [pic] — URL 
why everybody gotta meetings but me , i nestor get my church life together . 😔 
my light is showing on my toolbar , but nobody has tweeted me . #sadtweet 
USERNAME it sucks ! he makes me uncomfortable too ! 😣 
USERNAME ugh :( maybe i can come down and visit for a few days or so . 
USERNAME no ... i miss you ! you disappeared ! ? and when i found your twitter i was like whhat :( 
omg all this sweet ass music on the radio #fuckmylife 
the top 5 zelda games (in no particular order ): 1. skyward sword…2. ocarina of time…3. a link to the past…4. wind waker…5. majora’s mask 
you blocked me on twitter , i'm petrified . 😕 😭 😒 
definitely was weak sauce last night and finished dead last 😁 😔 
USERNAME girl you ain't alone :( ihave the same problem .. idon't even wanna go out in public .. lol 
kid 1 :c ommon man you can't be all up on my booty ! 
USERNAME yes i do 😞 but not as late as yesterday 1-7 
sam is six months today 😞 😭 #sadbutsweet #daddytweet #mybaby 
even though its a day celebrated to the men and women serving the us , 75% of the people in the us won't give recognition #truth #sadtweet 
first they came for the jews , then the catholics 😧 
i have had the worst heartburn and headache all day and nothing is helping :( i'm dying .. 
wishing i was on the other side of the bar :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME lol well i'd love to go but i'll be stuck at work 😞 have fun guys and post a picture of my pups 
long night ! ! i really wish i didnt have too work on this rainy and cold day 😔 
i really miss jshore nights with my best friends 😔 
USERNAME she doesn't remember either . y'all are good for nothing putas ! :( :( :( :( 
i played the song while evra attacked the little mouse cause i hope it goes to mouse heaven 😔 👼🐁 
USERNAME of course you did , cause you don't love me . :( 
USERNAME her (i assume) bf made her block me . :( 
i either wanna join the navy or the army . they both are good & protect our country . idk though . :c 
#shoutout to new follower from my former home , texas 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME oh yess the heartbreaker shirts ;) idk what i did with mine :( that's my fave look of mariah's 
my parents always take me to mexican in hopes that ill get adopted ... but that never happens ... i just get hit on/wink at by the waiters #fml 
USERNAME i knoow ! :( but soon we will cause i got that dumb friday off my dick lol 
USERNAME cute ! ! ! i was looking on amazon today and i couldn't find anyy :( the ones i want are like $40 ! 😔 
USERNAME omg its none of my business but what happened ? :( 
idk what i'm gnaa do without my dog when i leave next year 😁 😞 
hungover ... and working outside .. & with fire .. #fml 
i have until 2 today to talk to my boyfriend until friday ): #marinegirlfriendproblems 
omg who has seen , that is the most depressing movie ever 💔 😟 😥 😭 
i just can't wait to eat normal again , ugh 😔 😭 
USERNAME dang . yeah i won't be there by then . :( boo 
i wanna do somethin . but nothin to do :( 
why does it feel like its hot outside ? 😣 😢 😠 
i guess you don't always mean what you say 😢 
USERNAME why aren't you here . i'm pissed . #sadtweet 
USERNAME mine was (i shit you not ): credit card . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME so do lace and i :( 
i hope you feel the same about me , as i do about you . 😒 😔 #truth 
USERNAME i'm freaking out i'm going home ! it will probably follow me home now . :( great . 
got a small rip in the pocket of my suit pants #nobueno 😣 #ughh 
just my fucking luck :'( why does everything have to fuck up at one time . 
its sad that a 3x3 barely fills me up :( no wonder im getting fat #innoutemployeeprobz 
USERNAME sad we won't be there on your birthday :( wish we could go to all 3 but we chose that nite bc we love passion pit , humph 
USERNAME because i didn't have a bag so i had it in my knee then forgot them it fell in the toilet i'm so clumsy 😔 
i wish we could have gotten a picture ! :( #loveyouu ❤ 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME more like you're all hating on me :( 
i want him to come over . :c we can go to the park like the first time he came over . or i can take the car and we can go somewhere . 
USERNAME jerk v.v ask him if he could give me 60 o: 
just cause you pour syrup on something , doesn't make it pancakes 😔 .. 
the bartender on the cruise had a bombay bottle … thought of my niggas 😔 
“USERNAME #howimetmybestfriend i don't remember 😔 USERNAME at a baseball game 😊 
not fair . i miss you so much . i didn't even have the chance to grow up with you . you didn't have the chance . ): 
i've got my first 5k today and it's colder then balls :-( :-( 
i feel bad for plankton he always loses :( lmao . 
USERNAME no club ! ! my monday night is ruined ): 
i have so much food in my house but im too lazy to make any of it 😔 😒 
USERNAME they're my favorite team . and can't stay healthy lately . :( 
USERNAME hahaha i know . im hungry now . :( 
USERNAME a billion and a half years . i really need to get back soon but its soo cold there :( 
i left USERNAME last night -_- :( ! i'll make it up though . #promise ^_~ 
fingers crossed seats become available for that flight or i'll be spending the night at the cali airport until a flight tomorrow 😞 💤 
emily , you can not give up on me . i'm sitting over here crying my eyes out </3 
god i wish i was going to dillon francis tonight :( 
USERNAME gah . we literally just missed each other . sad :( maybe when you're back in la ? 
i really want my womens justin; ostrich western boots . they're $379.99 😔 😭 😩 i'm already saving up my tips from work . but i want them asap ! 🙏👢 💜 
i didn't get to see last weeks the walking dead , do they play it before they play the new one tonight ? 😣 
ughh talking about breastfeeding until 4 today :( USERNAME (@ pacific college) URL 
that feeling you get when your parents fight << 😔 
i don't like seeing my mama feel like this :( ( i hope she gets to feeling better 
USERNAME uh oh :( well fortunately they don't judge the nc as a main part of the competition 
damn , damn , damn , that bitch talk to damn much now i can't see my fucking niggah . ugh , i hate ha and i just knew somebody was . :( ( 
the realization that my brother is going to be in afghanistan in like a month scares the fuck out of me . like what why . 😥 
i laughed to much :( lol my tummy hurts . 
i'm sad because i'm back home and i'm not in pacifica with my family and my lovely coffee drinking beach chillin hipsters 😭 
USERNAME i won't be finished with school by then . :( 
watching some USERNAME sermons online ! i miss being able to go to pcc :( #goodstuff 
hmm , i gotta pee . :( laziness thoo <<< 
USERNAME next friday i'm going to one of those like express basketball games or something like that and sat i'm babysitting :( 
i really want to be vegan but it's hard to give up seafood . 😢 
i miss rasin canes :( we need to . get one in akron ! ! ! 
someone should totally take me to a pats game . it's be nice :( 
USERNAME how cold is it there ? i wish it was that easy ! 😔 
how am i alone in the mf jungle right now ... where is everybody 😢 
i really need a new pair of boots ! need vs . want is always a pain in my ass ! 😾 
me: ew , kaylynn:what ? , me: he followed me on twitter . kaylynn:who ? me :( points to the chair) kaylynn : ohh lol . 
i miss my girls . 😢 💔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
no work today but i'm stuck babysitting :( great .... 
omg when and am i going to have time to see twilight 😧 
why isn't my car a convertible ? ! okay . i won't complain 😔 
USERNAME dude i know they don't even have the same plot 😭 
- i wish i could forget you , i wish we never met , i wish i didn't feel the way i do , i wish i didn't have to get hurt . </3 
USERNAME USERNAME 😔 i'll be back in champaign by that time . i'll text her to move it to monday , so i can see some of it . 
i really wanna know her , shes my little sister </3 
well .. time to try on my bridesmaid dress . the 27 dresses begin 😔 😒 @ david's bridal URL 
USERNAME i don't know if i can :/ i have so much shit to do . :( 
not feeling well today 😔 🙏4 me please ! ! 
i feel so wrong wearing shorts in november .. where is the snow ? 😞 
i gave it my best shot , now lets hope it works :( #hoping #dreams #brokenhearted 
well . i've been avoiding this for quite some time now and as hard as it is for me to admit it .... this paper isn't going to write itself :( 
cramps 😲 😡 😒 😣 😢 😥 😠 😬👹🙈 ouch ... 
my poor island this is so sad :( it's crazy to see disaster relief all over and so much damage #lbi #lbisandy 
i just can't be happy lately </3 😭 my friend had a concussion yesterday and today my cousin got bit by a bat </3 
my mom called me and said my hamster's dieing . :( 
my mom was supposed to bring some but she decided to make brisket ): 
also no one is here yet so the only presents so far for baby boy are dan's moms n it looks like ima be openin em for days 😔 
USERNAME i cant figure this oregon acceptance thing out :( 
are family is a mess :( why does there have to be violence ? #why 
too bad i need to remove my nail polish by tomorrow :( 
USERNAME wow jasmin , have i taught you nothing ? ? what a shame ! 😔 
i wish i had jingle balls tickets :( i love him so much he's came so far im very proud of him he is my inspiration ! ! <3 <3 <3 USERNAME 
really can't believe it's already been a year since she passed 😞 💔 
yay ! ! i have my room all to myself for this weeken d: )) but i miss my sister :( 
USERNAME thank you i hope i do too i'm going nuts right now :( 
USERNAME i haven't chilled with you in like 3 weeks .. ): 
but i don't want the weekend to be overr 😞 
USERNAME ahh that sucks 😢 did y'all at least make it to the front ? 
i wish USERNAME would hurry up & come home 😢 
it's so pretty out and i'm writing a research paper :( 
service was great . they had that head turnt up though . i was sweating bullets 😓 😢 
every time i get the chance to eat chick fil a , it's always sunday . #fml 
on days like this when its so pretty outside it make me wanna squeeze bestfriends face :( #misshersomuch 
so want to go back to cali ! i miss it so much ! 😥 
USERNAME service was great . they had that heat turnt up though . i was sweating bullets 😓 😢 
seeing all my brothers friends last night kept making me think he was there too but i really can't see him till christmas 😢 USERNAME 
my phone wants to be free… feels caged without being jb 😥 
whenever a girl tells me , they're never cute . 😔 
the library is the last place i want to be right now . 😞 
USERNAME my can't won't even cuddle with me this morning :( 
USERNAME sorry :( i wanna really bad but my parents are being dicks 
i've never felt like such shit in my entire life 😞 
i have not one bit of energy today 😔 #longweek #exhausted 
service was great . they had that heat turnt up though . i was sweating bullets 😓 😢 
USERNAME shit happens but now mccarron will def not win the heisman :( 
USERNAME it's terrible ! haha i feel old 😔 lol 
USERNAME :( yeah i know what they mean to u and how upset it makes u . a lot of people don't realize how loved ones are affected 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wait ! nvm she's out of town :-( 
i really just want to go back to sleep , but i can't 😒 😞 
so thankful for today's weather ! it's gorgeous out ! ! too bad i have to sit through a play for the next 2 hrs :( USERNAME USERNAME 
leaving soon :( ( #heartbroken #dontwanttoleave @ williams , az URL 
USERNAME i will don't worry ! i haven't seen you in forever :[ 
i hate this time of the month .. 😞 😩 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss my ladies :( and allie but she got no twitter . 
i dont wanna get around for my senior pictures :( 
USERNAME me too :c but think of it this way . there are better days ahead and you'll look back & laugh at how stressed you were c: 
take me back i miss all time low so much just looking at this ugh 😔 
i need food but don't wanna get outta bed 😔 
debating with myself whether i want to jailbreak my ipod or not ugh . :( 
missing you </3 but yay for breakfast date with USERNAME and USERNAME (@ woodbury diner w/ 2 others) URL 
lmao this guy's jersey name . 😭 #nfl #football #sundayfunday @ miller's paramus ale house URL 
eating donuts before i go into my job at a gym ... i am not allowed to make fun of anyone today . #damn 😔 
if i even look at someone that is sick i get what they have ! my immune system = weak sauce ! #backtobedigo 😢 👎💊☕ 
i need a hair cut :( i hate having curly hair ! 
blehh time to go to work :( bye blanky and pillows and couch and football 
i was really hoping to have texts when my phone started working again but i didn't get them 😣 over iphones 
USERNAME i had to read it in 7th grade so that's prolly why it was confusing . but good luck ! to me it was a really boring book 😣 
USERNAME shut up , you watched magic mike and drank hot chocolate without me 😿 😭 
now it's all sticky :( i'm so bad with phones . i should just not have one haha 
i want coke & cup of noodles now . :( 
USERNAME i just dropped my sister off over there ! lmao . & i have to go to maw maw's it's her birthday & she's cooking ! 😔 
special trip with USERNAME just to get chickfila in the mall and its sunday ... #fml #sadsal 
i hate seeing my grandma struggle . #hanginthere #fuckcancer 😔 
can't wait for my babyloves to play ! even though i have to miss an hour because of work 😞 #jets 💚 💋 
had to let my lip ring go :'( im so distraught 
all i want is greaters icecream .. is that too much to ask USERNAME ? 😞 🍦 
passing dead , leafless trees in kentucky whilst receiving texts from friends watching the saints game at the boot = :'( 
the worst feeling is when your phone dies in your hands . 💔 heartbreaking . and it's about to happen 
in tears ryte now . my gee is gone . damn r . i . p . cristian <|3 :'( 
USERNAME dammit i have an f cause i'm missing two things -.- #fml 
why can't they come to texas :c always in new mexico :c lol 
i may just be in bed all day #sick #awful #shootme :( 
coming home from a great weekend with USERNAME <<<<< :( 
my mood makes it seem like it should be raining ... <|3 #sadday #sundays #rain #eff 
whenever i come to the legion to hit ! i always get asked if i have a new boyfriend yet ! #foreveralone #stuckonthesameboy #fml 
i hate it when eric has 2 work all day .. especially on sunday . i hate spending the whole day alone .. :/ #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME actually , if you keep being a lame-o and don't one with us , there won't be any kristin to go around . :( 
cooking class last yr with zainab USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME >>>> miss you guys 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME ill translate > :( > :( > :( > :( 
USERNAME yucky :( i have been so bored here and i'm going back today haha 
USERNAME oh well . sorta used to it 😞 doing anything fun today ? 
USERNAME i don't know it i can all weekend ): 
USERNAME she cant even walk anymore . she cant get up or anything . there gonna have to put her down here soon :( 
USERNAME :( i have keith on my drive home to entertain me haha i wish we could stay for one more night i'd make you come over ! 
last thing i wanna do with my day today is hw 😣 
💔 😔 😥 back to square one , i think .. 
USERNAME never do it again , for me please :( 
this mustache app got me dying 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME iknow >:/ idk how ima do it for work tomorrow :( 
good thing my dads laughing at me for last night 😐 😣 
i'm so tired of migraines . holy hell this hurts :( 
why do i always see cute guys in public when i look like shit ? 😣 
USERNAME ): < everything ... just a bunch of lies can ruin a day 
i'm just breaking hearts . 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
just woke up , only to work in an hour 😔 #poop 
how the myth of male weakness turns women against each other (corrected link ): URL 
i want an ear cuff so bad but i can't wear one with gauges 😔 
i sware my drunk self does the stupidest shit 😔 
my family always leaves when i go running and i hate being home alone :( 
i wish i was in atlanta right now :-( ... 
USERNAME i heard you hurt your ankle or foot #poorbabyy 💔 
i really miss hurrican sandys tweets now i have nothing to look forward to in life . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME wsh n9'aam omh albay5 4a :( ! ! 
i wish everyone in my family would stop comparing me to my cousin and my brother 😔 
heath ledger would've been so awesome in tdkr . 😔 😔 😢 rip . ❤ ❤ 
while all of you get speeding violations , i get metrocard violations #fml 
the fact that USERNAME is in grand rapids tonight and i'm not going makes me want to cry 💔 💔 💔 
i wish u weren't sleeping ! the suspense is killing me ! 😔 🙏 
wow just thought it was summer for a second .. 😔 
i miss seein coach brandon's sexy ass everyday #fml USERNAME 
my phone case is semi broken <<<<< 😭 😭 😭 😭 
teacher english major USERNAME *taken USERNAME i should have taking pics yesterday :( 
USERNAME 😧 no no no , not you of course 😘 😘 😘 
i miss the person i met freshmen year 😞 #stillpraying 
last night was amazing at USERNAME ... thank you for the amazing #az hospitality ! off to gmama's party then flying back home :( 
USERNAME i know you are , makes me sad 😔 
USERNAME oh no :( what was it even ? d: 
USERNAME i lost mine too and i just bought it before i went to his house :( 
USERNAME yeah 😔 . left me dancing all alone till 9 am 
USERNAME all my girls except this one^ miss me :( 
😔 😒 rt USERNAME johnathan lookin kinda headless in his avi… 
#funeraltearss 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME lolol , i miss it too . i miss you , emily , hannah , austin . :( 
having a loved one in hospice is literally one of the most depressing things 😔 #fuckthis 
the amount of homework i have to do is ridiculous 😔 🔫 
running on four hours of sleep at work . #exhausted :( 
USERNAME i haven't had a life this whole time ! 😞 hahah 
im so bored & i wanna go to the beauty shop :( 
USERNAME so i'm the only one that missed out :( 
USERNAME because the newer versions are 1080p and much better quality . there's no high res version of the originals . :( 
watching the mist , the ending is crazy 😧 #themist 
can someone please text me , iwant to conversate but no ones up ): 
i do love taylor's new album , but i kinda miss when it was just her and her guitar . 😢 
i tried opening the door for this lady and i ended up smacking her in the face with the door and her glasses and groceries went flying 😞 
USERNAME i'm sad you didn't tell me you don't work sundays anymoree ! me&kelly we're upset :( 
man i'm tired a'f i ain't go to sleep til 4 this morning then got woke up at 6 so i can get dropped off to my mama house 😔 
fontas hugging piqué and the other barça players 😭 > 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME miss you too ! ! ! ! 😞 
i gave USERNAME a last night like he asked & i still haven't gotten a reply 😔 
i don't know why i thought the barça game was in the afternoon .... smh at time zone confusions :( no barça for me today ... 
yeah .. just love it when people put words in my mouth . :( 
USERNAME oh man ! i bet that is chaos :-( i'm sorry i know your stressed to the max . wish we lived closer so we could come help ! 
USERNAME i mees you too ! 😣 you are the best ! 
needing someone to cry to , and there's no one there . 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME darn well guess we will meet some other time . chill wit a friend in northern va then head to richmond . aloonne :'( 
USERNAME with mom :( didn't know we were going ! 
maddy decided to hit me while i was doing my mascara stabbing me in the eye👿 😭 😢 #coldworld URL 
deleting a conversation you've had in your phone for a good 5-6 months <<<< #fuck 😔 😢 
USERNAME lucky . i have to unbutton my pants :( 
USERNAME what happened ? you didn't say anything about it when you were here :( 
to bad they cost like 3 bucks a piece :( 
USERNAME USERNAME yes ! lol standing in line to go through security . i think i left my charger at julia's apartment :( 
my mentions/interactions are messing up , ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! grr ): < 
finna go home && take this long ass nap .. and mope . 😔 💨🎉 
that , very very sad moment when you find out USERNAME & USERNAME broke up . :'( <\3 
i only wanna be with one person today and i cant even do that ) ): 
in another life i would make you stay , so i don't have to say you were the one that got away 💔 
worst part about losing my phone ? lost all my high scores on unblock me and temple run . #fml #firstworldproblems 
i guess i'm watching from my . window . :( 
man i just can't wait tell i get a break from school :( 
just had to get my clean hawk cut off </3 
does anybody know how to fix macs ? my trackpad quit working and it's so frustrating . :( 
my 30th bday :( is dec . 29th if anyone wants to make my dream come true & gift me w/ ufc 155 tickets it would be great to end my 20's USERNAME 
teman kak yana yang dalam kesedihan , kesiannya sekali aku dengan yang lain menangis sekali :'( 
i wish i could go to church with USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME but i have no gas :( (( 
USERNAME wow bro the one week i decide to bet against your team they show up to play ! 😞 #titanup 
USERNAME i know ! i was gonna go but spent too much money this week :( 
:( i don't know how much more of those tweets i can take 
man , i've been thinkin about it ... and seriously , #fml lol 
USERNAME waahh ! ! ! ! 😢 tuesday after practy before the hock game we're going . 
once again i have forgotten about my dear sweet twitter :( #sorry 
it's . a freaking winter wonderland back at school 😭 ❄⛄😫 #killmenow 
USERNAME i'm mad i can't get my damn hoodie :( 
this is the last time i'm saying its been you all along 💔 ... 
USERNAME we have nothing on our room bc its pk :( but yes we have pto and they're amazing although overwhelmed . 
it's wierd how USERNAME & selena broke up the same day me and my bf did & my bf looks like justin alot ! and i ended up in tears :( 
really gonna miss this lady 😥 #work #sunday #goodmorning @ k-bob's steakhouse URL 
rehoming my babies . :-( hardest part of this move (@ miss kitty feline sanctuary) URL 
had todo wht was best so i blocked u completely out of my life ur not a positive thng n my life anymre everytime ur around me it's neg . 😒 😔 
i want a happy stable relationship , lifes struggles aren't as bad when u have someone to talk to an lean on :( 
how can a boy make you feel things and then just leave unexpectedly like what the heck that's not fair 😔 😩 
i was like fuck its sunday 😭 . then i remembered no school monday ! 🙏🙌 
how can i do homework while im sick ? :( 
i hate that my tanning salon is closed on sundays :( 
USERNAME but don't call me a soup head lol had to do it mel hope you feel better :-( 
looks like this USERNAME game is gonna be a good one . too bad i can't watch it :( #californiaproblems 
i feel like something bad is going to happen soon ... 😔 ugh 
USERNAME yeah , i think i'm broken 😔 but hopefully the ❄will make me brr 
why can't i stay mad at you ? ! #fuck 😧 
at what time ? don't no one shop in the rain ! tell em fuck yall i'm busy haha . i'm at work too 😔 
oh wing stop commercials , why do you tease me ? 😔 
USERNAME i'm actually at my apartment right now but i wish you were here too :( 
someone come rub my back ? i'll pay you :( 
i'm sick , and at work . :( #girl #me #selfie #sick #break #work #blueeyes #blue #black #necklace #ke @ meijer URL 
that's sad moment when a girl looks cute in the pic but is ugly when you see her 😔 🔫 
USERNAME niq niq i miss youu likee soo muchh ! ! ! ! ! ! </3 
i feel like my sons growing so fast and he's only three &; a half months 😔 😩 
70 degrees in sea isle in november ! bring me back to summer #depressing #noshower #happyhour #seaislecity URL 
USERNAME i was hoping that was about to be a picture of me ! but then .. that's where the boy name comes in .. :( 
i finally fell asleep and when i was woken up my headache was still here :( 
USERNAME i agree . but now were not moving 😔 
ugh i'm still so fucking tired & these old ladies i swear arnt letting me sleep . 😔 
adam chalino sanchez & valentin elizalde remind me of my cousin 😔 i miss him 😔 <<< 
USERNAME trying to get it ? i , los t.t he bet already 
watching the seed of chucky ! *looks around to make sure he not behind me* i'm really scared 😳 😞 😣 😰 🙈 
yes i came 10, minutes early to work .. noo i'm not about to clock in . i'm waking up still . 😩 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME you guys confuse me ! woke up to all these tweets and don't even know what you're talking about 😭 
my arms are mega bruised from playing volleyball last night with my two sisters and USERNAME they hurt ): 
probably going to throw up at this play ... #fuckmylife 
debating if i wanna take my last hydros . #sadtweet 
back to my high calorie , high protein , high sodium diet :-( #edsproblems 
why do you have to be 18 to work at build a bear :( 
my brother took my phone charger while i was sleeping and my phone died and i overslept church :( 
when she does anythin to show you she actualy wants to b w/ you ! don't do something to fk it up cus she might jst leave&never come bak :( <3 
still waiting for USERNAME :( but it's kay , this chicken salads soo good #foodemporium 
USERNAME it was soo much fun ! you shoulda came ! ! ! ): 
dad didn't buy me uggs today ... 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i don't like talking to people in general , cause they're all at some point gonna backstab you or hurt you . 💔 
USERNAME u call me .. i ain seein shi t.t says u offline 
fuck my life i have to finish my room in 30 minutes ): 
USERNAME nope , i do ! you can't take my job away from me :( 
USERNAME i miss you too :( congrats on the car that's awesome ! 
USERNAME i miss you ! ! 😔 remember when we got snowed in together for days ? ? lolol 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME my gut says no phil . hope i'm wrong :( 
a group project at the library sounds like the worst thing ever right now :( 
USERNAME lmfaoo , i skiped thrusday & friday my mom ain't want me to go , i think i might be moving 👎 😥 
USERNAME but .. but .. but there's so much of it :( do it for me ! ? 
i'll just stay in bed all day and cry till i have to go to work 💔 
it's officially gone .. on the 110 with no carpool :( plus theirs traffic ! 
my room is freezzing in the winter and so hot in the summer :( #ironicmuch 
thankful i do not left on the west side today . would be terrified by the # of ugg boots seen on grown women outside the home . #ugh :( season 
i am so hungry ! ! ! ! ! :( 
my only day off and i have to write a four page paper all day 😔 
i wanna be home right now . i'm too sick to be on my own for a whole week 😭 
i find myself crying more and more every day . i wish things were back to normal . i just wanna be with my mom and sister #missthem 😥 💔 
USERNAME i wish ! ! i want to come up during my winter break but i have to work ! :( 
hate that the only money i make goes towards bills and gas :( 
my cousin . qet to my oq house && qe t.t o cuttin . up 
after not seeing bubba for 3 weeks then seeing him last night made it soo much harder to leave last night :( 
i wish none of my friends had kids . 😞 😞 
while all alone in a warehouse my minds like , # :( 
i figured out why i always crave chickfila on sundays , cause i'm always traveling and there just there taunting me #notcool 😔 👎 
USERNAME i remember the days i could stay up for 5 days at a time :'( 
kids are sick . :-( (@ sherwood urgent care) URL 
USERNAME i wasn't ... but thanks jesse .... ): #hahaaha 
USERNAME lol . i'm good i have not talked to u in years 😢 we should fix that ! what's know with u . u still wanna be a doctor ! ? 
i really feel like that jerk tweet was about me ... 😭 im sorry beffie i love you ! ! ! 
wonder what it's like up there at 6 foot and taller 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME thanks ! ! ! ❤ 😘 😉 😦 😊 
USERNAME soo i heard jocelyne smh wee need too talk 😳 😔 
i hate being high i don't know why i smoke 😞 so mad at myself 
mad traffic ... hour and a half from loudonville ... soo close but yet so far :( 
i don't want to go to hell ... i know i've messed up and i wanna make everything right . </3 
USERNAME USERNAME fa real girl u threw up in my fuckin room :( ! 
it's 10:49 and my phones at 42% 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i love you too kyliee . <3 its killing me i can't take your place :( please feel better soon honey <3 
USERNAME i ate to many swiss rolls so your dad won't let me come over :( 
when i think about how old my dog is it puts me in such a bad mood 😞 
USERNAME i was about to make this my status :( 
i don't smoke weed at all on my birthday this year 😞 
USERNAME love you too i wish you guys were home :( 
need a job so i can my fucking tattoo ... :( 
hey , guys . i think USERNAME hates me :( 
stupid sandy destroyed the kids park on 80th :( where am i going to take my nieces ! fml 
USERNAME haha damn you cut me deep right there 😞 
never had a bag of m&ms taste like shit until now 😣 
knowing that its not you texting or calling my phone 😔 😞 😢 
😔 this ----> rt USERNAME & use sentence enhancers lol ... rt USERNAME i need to stop cursing . 
USERNAME i know ! ! ! i miss you guys </3 
so sad i didn't sing in the convocation choir this yea 😞 😔 #cogic #holyconvocation 
my little sister just called me and said , 😥 👭 💔 
a paper on domestic violence while the bronco game is on ... #procrastination #fml 
why are you always so damn sad ? rt USERNAME i got the post sadderday blues :( 
USERNAME he didn't know you drank coffee ? ! i think that's an excuse ! i guess the honeymoon phases are gone 😔 
USERNAME pink nation ! ! :( so sad i'm not there 
USERNAME it's scary as shit ! i'm gonna cry ! ! i almost cried that last part ! ! 😭 😱 
#confession i think USERNAME ' uncle is sexy .... but he's gay :( #whyishegay #jealous 
tyson just fucked my day up ! #rip munchie ! 😭 😭 😫 😖 😢 no one invited me to the funeral & shit 
USERNAME i got to study all day today cause i have 2 exams tomorrow :( 
i am bored . bee oh are ee dee . bored ☹ 
USERNAME aww :( i hear ya . well just take some time for yourself and rest ok ? 
USERNAME my little sister just called me and said , USERNAME 😥 👭 💔 
sad that my sister left this morning 😥 5 days til thanksgiving break 
USERNAME ugh idk 😔 i'll explain it everything to you tonight ! ! 
is it bad that as a giants fan , i was just looking to see if there are any other games on right now i could watch ? :( 
i really wish my yahoo fantasy football app was working 😢 
my thanksgiving is gonna suck . and so will my christmas . 😔 😒 
USERNAME i feel your pain 😭 i've done that before . 
i don't wanna go back to washington ! :( #ibelonghere 
i hate those dreams when i'm in a fight and my punches are either extremely slow or weak > :( 
thinking about maybe donations for a new capture card . normally i wouldn’t do this but i’m broke and my old one bit the dust :( 
USERNAME our flight got changed :( i got an email yesterday 
USERNAME i deleted voxer & i never got a text from you :( 
after seeing tilian last night , all i can think of is how much i miss tides of man . 😔 
was just recently informed the lady who owned the little red school house passed away . it is now shut down . :( loved that place 
of course the sunday i have off the packers don't play 😢 wahh 
everytime someone asks me what should we do i always say idk .. merp 😔 
USERNAME i know ! you never text me anymore :( 
USERNAME leave me and my lips alone ! >:/ you're just jealous yours aren't big :( fuck you cunt . 
i am in so much pain . and i've lost my iphone . *sigh* :( 
wish i had someone to talk to about stuff :( 
i want a random shout out ! ! ! ! ! :( #sadtweet . ! 
i get tired of my avi really fast .. ugh 😔 #thestruggle 
i think it's unhealthy to miss someone as much as i miss USERNAME 💔 
holy fuck ! i don't wanna go practice for 3 hours ! ! ! ): #fml 
i'm still in denial that i work in 10 mins .... wtf is this forreal :'( i wanna go to bed 
miami is imploding ! ! ! ! 😧 😧 😧 
commercial people should understand that it's sunday and people are hung over and shouldn't have food commercials ... 😣 
i want a tattoo but mommy said that that is not right in god's eyes :( 
USERNAME i've been having dreams of my dad lately . 😞 
USERNAME haha we all made it out alive #thankgod but they thought you died when you didn't come back with us 😭 
the awkward moment when you can't USERNAME 's tweets ... :( 
can't wait to embarrass myself for this presentation #nervous terrible public speaker 😥 😔 
USERNAME i needed to see that .... its so hard right now :( 
USERNAME :( i still haven't got mine in and i'm scared ! those damn wisdom teeth are nightmares . sorry to hear that girl ! :/ 
i wish last year's pass worked for this year at disneyland . my neighbor use to always take me . ): 
USERNAME sorry . :( i'll be up again soon . my best friend goes there . 
i had to leave & i missed breakfast at evelyn's house v.v do you know how depressing that is ? evelyn has the best food .. ): 
screw this i'm not eating for the rest of the week 😣 
i'm so sad that USERNAME didn't do the face . 😔 
i had a dream about you last night . it was cuute . but then i woke up , and you're still a jerk . 😔 
USERNAME i love a woman sports fan ! keep the tweets coming unfortunately i'm at work and can't watch :-( 
i just wanna stay in nyc :[ [ 😔 ❤ 
late to work for the second time this month :( i slept in through my alarm . if i mess up one more time i will be unemployed ... 
i guess i will miss the nutcracker market this year 😞 unless someone wants to go this pm . ? ? 
i don't like missing you , i want you where your belong .. with me :( 
my phone is seriously on some crack ! its gonna end up not working at all before i can even get a new one ! ! :( #hopeitlasts 
my mom's 4 team parlay looks great , mine however look like shit ! ! :( 
USERNAME it's been like forever . i don't like it . 😞 
i havent seen my mom in awhile imissher ! ! :( 
getting a text & its not from who you want it to be :c 
ever get the feeling where you just know youre gonna fail a test , so youre down in the dumps ? #sadtweet 
#garrett &trentleavemichigan USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( .. i hope you girls had a great weekend ! ! 
today is the day i hope people don't spoil #thewalkingdead :( 
USERNAME i wish i'm at croc until later :( (( can we bake tonight ? ! ? 
goodbye to my baby . i loved this bat so much :( URL 
USERNAME ya u threw up in my blue container box thing :( lol 
i wish i was a kid again . 😢 👧🚲 now all i ever do is work , school , sleep 😁 i guess that's the part of growing up . 
USERNAME i miss you too my beautiful queen 😭 , but i will text you with my suggestion 😏 
USERNAME USERNAME that youtube video from last night 😣 😖 😫😷 <<< 
omfg -_____- coach needs to take tannehill out &put moore in ! ! ! ! ! ): < fugging dolphins ! ugh . 
just realized we won't get back to mizzou till 8ish and then i have a 3 hour drive home :( #longdayahead 
i would do anything to be able to see carrie underwood when she comes to iowa :( ((( 
alot of people got into a fight last , night #andimisseditall :( 
i just want my stitches out already omg 😭 😔 
USERNAME goodness , come over some time ! miss you :( 
USERNAME i miss you too . 😔 😭 yes please i need to see you and have a venting session . 
if you ugly even when you got edited pictures then you just a fail :( 
gotta whip out a 3 page paper on a book i didn't really read and study for an econ midterm thats confusing #fml #help #please 
USERNAME my name on them 😞 i was soo upset i didn't notice til we were gone ! the white cups should've given it away , wasn't paying attention 
family is leaving back to the east coast :( i will miss you all 💜 💗 💙 💙 💚 💛 ❤ 💓💞💖💕 
omfg i think i broke my toe 😪 😥 😰 😓 😩😫 😨 😱 😢 
i wish i knew what to do . #confused 😕 😣 
USERNAME he didn't get to go ! :( but i had c's little autistic brother jay w me ! i love tht little boy ! <3 URL 
i leave for texas wed morning and i havent got anything done yet ... #fml 
i just wanna lay in bed and sleep :( .. 
USERNAME it hides the pain i hold in this smile </3 s(he) be(lie)ve(d) 
i don't really like people USERNAME #geethanks #thoughtwewerebestfriends :( #waah 
so glad my dad is home ! ! i was so worried 😣 
naptime , hope i wake up feeling better ! 😞 
USERNAME ugh , soo sad so sad </3 we feel too much for them </3 
sometimes , i wish i could move to lebanon , but then when i think about the war every other day 😟 ... umm nope . california forever . 😢 #sucks 
USERNAME i put it on instagram but then i remembered that you don't hve one now ): 
times like this is were i miss my brother 😢 
r . i . p to christian taylor 😔 😥 😰 
preview: nicky romero & nervo – like home (dillon francis remix ): honestly , when i first heard moombahton , i was ... URL 
USERNAME do we have a unit 6&7 test in asl ? ? ? ? #fml 
these people in line to get free food & medicine makes me so sad , i really need to do something with my life i fear that will be me one day 😔 
spending sunday funday laying on the couch doing nothing . :( #nolife 
of course the day when it's gorgeous out i'm stuck at work 😭 😩 
i've been listening to country all day . wtf is wrong with me . 😯 😦 😧 #whoami #wheresdavid 
i don't wanna start my day :( #studyingsucks ... time to handle 
my day just so went down the drain . 😞 
there's those certain people that every conversation is like 4 or 5 texts and then it's over . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME he goes i hope uk this bow thing is never going to happen :( 
& to top off my awesome morning i see that my car got hit #myluck 😣 😑 
it's so nice out . too bad i'm stuck at work all day :( 
USERNAME gosh . i saw some at katy mills and i couldn't buy them ): 
i'm just fine with the way i am . but , seriously . i'm positive i never look pretty . :( 
that was the hardest goodbye USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 #unhealthy #notreally 
my god tony g can't be stopped . saints was basically on top if him and be still makes the catch . wish he wouldn't retire after this year :( 
all i ever think about is livee . don't think i'll ever be able to love another cat . 😿 
no siri ! that is not a mcdonald's . that is someone's house . :( 
USERNAME awe i'm in grand island :( let's do something this week or weekend ! 
i don't think i can get my tattoos on break 😧 sad life . 
goin through it i really need somebody to talk to :( 
on the phone my little brother says its 2:00 and i'm in ottawa :( 
i honestly don't want to work today i'm really tired 😞 💤 
USERNAME boo i'm sad i missed out :( but i caught up on my sleep , so i'm happy . 
👈want 🍩🍩 but i don't think its a 🍩 shop out here ! ! 😾 
today is one of those days when you feel so down , but you want so bad to be happy .... 😞 👎 
worst feeling right now is watching your bff's mother passing away . 😢 😪 
really hoping i get to go back to omaha for christmas to see all my family <3 33 #missthem 💜 😢 
i need a stylist :( my mama styling me at the age of 21 and my bf wear designer errthang must be love huh lol 
USERNAME i won't be able to see it then </3 
being told that i can't go to USERNAME college graduation because he only gets two tickets . #fuckyouune #depressed #imhissister 
woke up sick 😔 hot tea and bed all day 
fck it i think being single is best for me im done trying , :( 
USERNAME hahaha that's why i share it on twitter ! so you can see it ! but i can't tag u in it :( 
USERNAME and i cant buy coffee to focus because someone stole all of my dining dollars > :( (still angry) 
fuck i haven't even started my essay for kerns ... or my reading guide for apes , i suck 😣 
USERNAME blue :( been lookin for a sweet orange one and can't find one ... 
i haate tooth aches ! ! ! ! ! ! #fml 
USERNAME shahad fynek ? :( i miss u so much , we have to find a way to keep in touch ! 
USERNAME that's so stupid ! they started enforcing that over in galveston too . i'm pretty sure it's an expensive ticket though :( 
USERNAME yeah i figured it out . i miss you :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know i am not 😔 😔 😞 😢 
USERNAME haha i was hoping you were a little ether than that 😔 jk . love you ! 
i'm thinkin about going to see a movie today . anyone want to join me ? i don't want to go alone 😞 
USERNAME i know girl , were always just like hi .. bye , :c but its cause i never really see you :c lol 
i wonder when him and i will have one of our deep talks ... much needed . </3 
i wish i was short sometimes . i love the way wearing heels makes me feel , but i hate it when ppl stare at me like i'm godzilla 😔 🎻 
someone come put lotion on my tattoo , i can hardly reach :c 
USERNAME full so they put the two together :( #prevtweet 
USERNAME i miss you too ! i've been so distant from everyone cause school . :( ( 
USERNAME aw :( i figured you two would be snuggling on this lovely sunday haha feel better ! 
in my own mind i live in this different world where in real life i'm too young for it all . :( #ayoungdreamer 
just accidentally deleted a huge conversation ! 💔 😢 #sadtweet 
since when did writing a paper become a tabata ? 50 min on ... 10 min off ... #fml #crossfitproblems #gradschool 
when you have a chance to grab something you want do it , bc it might the only chance you have # 😔 # studying solo in the room 
lmao i can't even run anymore cause my ass is to heavy 😔 
asked my stepmom if we could make gingerbread houses this year . she looked at me and simply said no . 😔 💔 
USERNAME what do you put in your curls to get them so voluminous ? mine won't stay big :( 
don't think i'm gonna be able to recover from this sprain like i thought 😥 probly a couple more weeks .... hopefully right for im season 
use tape . you'll be finee . josephtheflyguy: my heart is broken 😩 💔 ” 
USERNAME hes so goofy . i miss you guys i feel like i haven't seen you in forever :( 
i want to go get breakfast but idk where 😔 
USERNAME god damnit :( i'm at my dads in ankeny right now ! 
i have a big fucking whip mark on my ass cheek , fucking jump rope 😢 
a sad day for cherokee . prayers out to all of baileys friends and most importantly her family . only the good die young . :( 
i hate that i have to cut myself off from listening to t . swift . 😢 
USERNAME i saw some over the summer somewhere , but gone apparently :( 
URL i really want this ! ! too bad its $1200 :c #xps 12ultrabook 
thought #oomf was texting me back but it was just twitter . 😭 😭 
USERNAME gorilla she said noo :( im trying not to think about it lol 
USERNAME haha nice seeing you to dude even tho you didn't wanted to drink wit me boo :( lmao 
USERNAME awe 😔 i dont wanna just go over 🙈 
USERNAME i juat pulled a tendon :( #fml oh and good 
in the mood for some beans n rice where r my dominican lady friends @ i need y'all right now 😔 hurry up n get home ! ! 
i'm so not ready for six weeks test . 😞 
i miss USERNAME :( i've got to go back soon ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME idk . i don't think no one knows :( 
it takes an act of congress for me to be able to focus on anything ! ! #a . d . dprobz 😔 😡 
i love this weather buut it makes my lips chapped :( 
USERNAME omg :( we should have ! ! ! :( ugh . :( 
of course i work until ten on a sunday . i just want to watch #thewalkingdead . 😔 
i reallyy don't want to drive out to quakertown today :( 
i actually don't feel good enough for you ... ? i never feel this way about anyone .. 😔 😞 💔 
playing dead island makes me feel so nauseous ... :( 
heart doctor says i'm not cleared to leave today and that further surgery will be required ... #disappointed 😔 
who ever is so called saying horrible things about me u can stop cuze u dnt know me in the first place > :-( 
USERNAME you're in chicago and i just left ? ? man , i just missed you guys ): 
USERNAME true .. is it new years yet ? 😔 i want to come to oregon soon ! 
URL i really want this ! too bad it's $1200 :c #xps12ultrabook 
ain't been too long woke uhp ; && fina go right bakk to sleep .. #tired ! 😔 😔 😔 
i felt like i was had namonia this morning :{ 
been in bed all day .. i'm in so much pain right now 😔 😷 
USERNAME hahah oh my gossh you're so sweet ! i've just missed you all so mucchh 😩 💔 🙈 #franks #loveyouguys 
USERNAME i'm at a place where there are no tv's ! yahoo better get this fixed ! #yahoo #fantasyfootball #fml 
i always crave chick fila on sunday when they're closed ... #fml 
now realizing how awful this week is going to be with these three tests . 😥 😬 #thanksgivingbreakwhereareyou 
USERNAME i would , but it would be cold by the time i got there cause you live so far 😔 
USERNAME wish you were going to be here so we could go christmas shopping together :( 
time to leave :( (@ los angeles international airport (lax) w/ 151 others) URL 
USERNAME haha okay . 😞 and true y'all wouldn't 😳 
idkay what kind of hair to gett ! ! ugh ): 
after two nights of pure awesomeness , i should not be having nightmares like this . #istillovehim #notoverit #eventhoughishouldbe #helpme 😢 
i hate when i'm at momma & daddy's house & all of hk's toys are here but she's not here to play with them :( #bringherhome USERNAME 
USERNAME where are you at this moment ? ! i blacked last night .... lawl but eric took great care of me hehe imysomuch :( 
my dads sending me pictures of the pats game and its not even on tv here 😭 🔫 
i don't wanna live in a world without you </3 
can already tell this isn't gonna be a good week 😔 
the sad part in green mile when the man with mouse says goodbye in french :'( 
“USERNAME go #patriots URL #getglue USERNAME // yo tuve q ver el giants - bengals :( 
and now my instagram's acting up and not letting me post 😭 
to windy to ride . :( @ ferris wheel URL 
USERNAME was just passing thru on way to albany :( sorry 
i need to move on but its hard when those you cared about most have hurt you the worst ! #sadtweet 
holy crap . what did i eat to deserve such a bad stomach ache ? 😔 
i don't wanna go home . i just wanna stay in b . d . #fml 
second tree removed .. my poor baby 😔 #njsandy @ hundred acre wood URL 
USERNAME aw well text me if you need to talk :( 
don't forget about me guys :( <3 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
mom won't take me to get my phone fixed :( 
USERNAME noo ! ! ! ! ! that sucks ! ! ): 
i hate having no contacts in my phone . i need more numbers :( 
USERNAME i knooww 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
280s @ 101 (sf ): :c aution slow traffic candlestick park 
101n @ broadway (sm ): :c aution slow traffic candlestick park 
101s @ chavez (sf ): :c aution slow traffic candlestick park (was: rte 92 18 min daly city 8 min sfo arpt 12 min) 
death by hangover :( drinking all day yesterday probably wasn't one of my brightest ideas #idiot 
USERNAME ugh i miss you and our old routine simple sundays of lounging around . 😢 
USERNAME woahh pretty sure last time i texted you i was hit with a no text back 😢 #nolove 
USERNAME lol no i'm not .. :( you are . :( but thankyouu . 
580e @ grand (ala ): :e-580 coongested el charro rd use sr84 alt rte (was: e-580 congested) 
680n @ andrade (ala ): :e-580 coongested el charro rd use sr84 alt rte (was: e-580 congested) 
USERNAME i'm watching this on my computer when we should be watching it in the box if it was home 💔 USERNAME 
fuudge , it's so cold i can't drive my go cart , my hands hurt ): 
time to work ... yup have to work weekends now :-( 
#currently waiting for my mom to get outta walgreens :c URL 
and she held on to all she had left of him 💔 
USERNAME if i just sent you a snap chat ... sorry ! it was in my pocket 😥 .... i think 
USERNAME ohh :( yeah these shirts were for the people who weren't playing powder puff cause they already ordered them for powder puff 
ready to start feeling better ... last night was supposed to make me feel better , but it just made it worse ... 😢 
i love sunday football bur when its this nice out i feel guilty foe watching my g-men 😞 🏈 
i want to go to disneyland before my pass expires 😔 
i think i'm gonna miss my 2nd #cowboy game of the season today , maybe they'll win that way , hurts to watch hem lose :( lol 
USERNAME but i get bored , it was a 3 hour car drive just looking at cows ): 
and it felt like a bullet in her heart 💔 
only get to work with my piggly wiggly meatball for an hour & a half :( 
why am i so tired ! ! ! ! ? 😣 
USERNAME :[ you don't need an invitation my friend you're always welcome 
i miss when soccer use to be fun and enjoyable ... 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME don't even say that i'm starting to get so home sick 😭 😪 😢 😫 💔 but i will be back december 5th sometime in the afternoon 
i wanna see my girl before she goes but she is working :( 
it hasn't hit me that this is my last club league match ever #sadtweet #allin 
all my bags are packed i'm ready to go , i'm standing here outside your door , i hate to wake you up to say goodbye ... (historia de mi vida) :( 
USERNAME i need a giants one ! ! ! ! and yea gaga should make them too she made a couple but i couldn't find them in a store ): 
USERNAME jose i just miss you so much . 😔 😞 #bestfriends 
totally f&$# my ankle up at bootcamp :'( ... i have 3 performances this week .. im screwed ... :( :( :( 
USERNAME it's so weird not talking to you guys :( 
i wish i had the chance to thank my papa while i still could , these last 7 months have been hard :( #veteransday URL 
USERNAME oh my gosh ! mine too ! it sucks so bad ! ! they're never not cold . i hate it . ): 
USERNAME 4 weeks from now is december 9th , which is the sunday before finals weeks . :( #sorrybud 
USERNAME jaide said you didnt like my cuddling last night . ): 
USERNAME i would go for a run too if i wasn't sick :( 
i'm just one big ball of stress this semester 😢 
i wish this chipmunk didn't think i was trying to kill him i just wanna play with you bud 😔 
s/o to whinney ! USERNAME i love you . i miss you . too long away from eachother . #sadday 
everyone tweeting about food is getting me even more hungry :c when <//3 
USERNAME USERNAME my bday isn't until the 17th :( will you two ustream then ? ! 
my car is just too dirty for my liking right now . well it ain't dirty but it ain't shining ! i want to wash it :( 
USERNAME mann :( are you ok :( love to see that you've been going out ! ! ! hehehe but get well love ! ! don't be sick :( after you get better 
i got pen marks on my favorite shorts . :( 
USERNAME it's 1:13pm you know what thats means #notahappycamper #pouting 😔 
sad the packers have a bye this week . 😔 
why do i keep checking my phone when i know youre not going to text me .. </3 
USERNAME sorry , i don't have a link . :( 
USERNAME i feel this every day :( kids don't understand me anymore ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME nope :( that was from a letter . you will know if he does . oh you will know lol 
i was looking forward to spending the day with you 😥 #poop .__. 
i hate studying ... especially if cant goddamn concentrate ... wasted like 3 freaking hours :( 
and i'm still waiting for the bus .... for 4 fucking hours . best weekend ever . #fml 
stuck at work ....... all day ! ! 😫 😢 
no guitar cord/jacks connected to amplifiers . and minhyuk wasnt hitting hard on the drums . :( his drum rolls werent accurate with music . :( 
USERNAME yes i do :( you back in colorado ? 
i was looking forward to spending the day with you 😥 #poop .__. 
omgg ! i just had caviar on a sushi ! ! ! i didn't know they are fish eggs ! ! ! ! ahh ! ! ! 🍱 😧 🙆😩 😰 😩 😰 😩 
USERNAME i never felt engaged by plot or characters , seemed like a lot of plot holes , my expectations may have been too high :( 
reality just set in ... r . i . p USERNAME you will be missed by plenty . :( 
s/o too USERNAME ! ! ! proud of you ! ! ! we tried to come down there :[ congrats though ! kappa boy ! 
s/o to USERNAME she think she #teamtoothick .. but she know im thicker .. but this my nigga but she dont speak much nomore .. :( follow 
good morning kansas . so friggin' cold . i need some hot choco . :( @ kansas URL 
and i miss y'all too but idt theyll let me back in 😔 
i need to go get my eye brows waxed but i can't drive . 😔 
i did love you . i do love you . but a person can only take so much . love is a battlefield and takes no prisoners . ❤ 💔 
USERNAME im sorry ! ! no one lies to close on a sunday :( 
that moment when you get home from a walk and feel your leg muscles twitching 😧 
USERNAME noo , don't crai :( those guys are just douchebags who obviously don't know anything about bronies . why r u following him nyway/ 
last day of being 20 and i want to reflect on my life being a 1/4 over . #depressing lol 
USERNAME i hope everything is fine with her , god bless 😔 🙏 
USERNAME omg really ? ! im starting it today , but i have no idea how im gonna be able to ramble for 6 pages ! :( 
USERNAME maybz i have no money cuz check card is at austin's :( 
USERNAME if i have a car by then i promise i will . but as long as mark takes his time , it might be done by christmas . #fml 
the breakup episode of glee gets me every time . why do i do this to myself ! ? 💔 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME aww :c ill ask melo if he wants to go >.< 
long day . wish my girlfriend was here . 😔 😔 
i can't live wit this leg pain much longer; my daughter needs a mommy w . 2 workin legs :( ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME i havent left my house since i got home from krolls :( #helpme #imdying 
USERNAME hi you guys dont ship to india :( - i couldnt find india on your checkout country list -- 
#jeep #submerged #fml #epic #silos #everglades #lol @ cat farm URL 
too bad there isn't any good movies out 😔 😩 
today's news from sen . bernie sanders (i-vt . ): URL #vt #vermont #veterans #veteransday #budget 
USERNAME seriously ! ! and a hookah :( we still need to do that ! 
USERNAME my bad lol yeah but with out iker b/c he's sick :( 
USERNAME about u shut the hell up and ......... i dont face shyt ... :( 
just sold an ipad mini… please apple , hire me 😭 i’ll even work for free just hire me ! 
going with my sissy to get my dad at the airport ! ! gosh i missed him :( 
“USERNAME i miss my friends 😢 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i feel incomplete without you , and it's been one day 
#beforeidie : go on a date with justin . yeah , never gonna happen </3 URL 
USERNAME yeah i know . thats why i need to see a solo concert . :( i just had high expectations since i listen to them too . 
i want to get a star or a heart on my pinky but my fingers are too small ): 
i guess now is the time i drag myto st butt to the library study .. :( only 4 1/2 weeks left ! ! 
doing my grocery shopping for this 7-day cleanse before i start my bulking cycle the week after nex t.t rying to do it without meat . #veglife 
#feeling like a loser :( looking at other peoples USERNAME and then looking at mine :/ #it sucks when you first get one . 
the man i love is standing right in front of me & i can't show him anything #sadtweet 
cuz junior went out since yesterday and hasn't come back so i had no car or ride 😠 😪 😢 
it's so nice outside so why am i bumming outta here . 😔 #lbm #badstomach #thisisbad 💩💩💩💩 
USERNAME okay cor ahaha i dont have a nickname for you :( 
so many dead raccoons on the side of the road on the way 2 olivehurst . made me sad . :-( <-----like that 
um only gne break ur heart . ! 💔 💔 😕 😕 💔 💔 
little things makes me cry every time i listen to it . 😭 💔 🙎 #bestsongyet 
USERNAME i thought you were coming to toledo for the summer :( i'm getting an apartment probably by the summer ! 
USERNAME that's unlady like of you :c i would've gave you food but no more ! ya te chingastes . 
USERNAME fuck .... 😔 it's whatever tho you knew what i meant👌 
i need someone cute to go to rock city with :( . really , tho . 
the fact that i can't just go somewhere with my sissy whenever i want .<<<<. we have to plan to see each other 😭 😥 USERNAME 
eric needs to pee but that means going to the other side of the building and downstairs :( i also want food ! fuck ! 
my dream last night ! :( we robbed walmart :( #soscary ! USERNAME 
USERNAME i just bought it for you for xmas 😔 
USERNAME umm i'm mad at you and nik for leaving dance right away because they had a video chat sesh with me :( 
i really didn't want to be sick today .. 😔 😷😴 
USERNAME i hope he feels better 😔 how's he doing ? 
someone take me shopping :( need new winter stuff wah wah wah 
really wish i was going to the wiz concert tonight 😢 😩 
USERNAME lolol wtf that's embarrassing tell that girl straight ! 😢 my image is ruined .. 
crying at USERNAME snapchat right now . and the next one i opened was from USERNAME and it was of phil . in his boxers . 😧 
USERNAME mm your house ? their isn't anything to do out in gi . 😔 
USERNAME bettman , he's stopping everything so far ! :( 
breaking dawn comes out this week and i still have yet to buy my ticket 😔 
why do i always feel like there's something wrong 😞 
USERNAME i love snow , but it's above freezing and the course looks good but they aren't opening it . :( 
USERNAME i have night class 😥 but i'm at your school now for my sister ! 
USERNAME your welcome ! i miss you more 😟 😩 😭 
i would cut my eye with my contact and have a huge scratch across my whole eye so that i can't open it . #fml 
i've been having the worst headaches ever since i cut back smoking cigs .. like ibruprophen doesn't even help :( 
USERNAME i dont even know if i'm going to be able to come see you on tuesday :( 
if nemo was here he could help 😿 but i'm ready for my liddle one to come back i miss my britt 
seeing flight with my dad and bro :( (@ regal rockville center stadium 13) URL 
wow it's gonna be a long game ! 😣 USERNAME 
USERNAME no :( i'm sorry ! ! i had some car issues and i'm still trying to figure out how i'm going to make it back to morgantown ! 3045881007 
USERNAME USERNAME that's what we all wanna know 😭 😭 
welp . now i know i have twitter stalkers 😞 
USERNAME :( ur right . i have eating problems lol 
bye my love .... but never forever untill next time 💔 
ehh this 5 hour drive home is gonna suck :( 
lmao shanade is a foo . i miss herr :'( 
we still dony have internet at my moms so , i won't be tweeting much . :'( 
USERNAME saammee ugh there were signed copies of lwwy and i was gonna get it but it was only available in the uk :( 
locke is soo ghetto 😥 rt USERNAME locke was probably the worst hs i went too 
i'm losing every body in my life smh first my bro jelani then my grandma & now my girl smh my life is horrible 😔 😣 😢 
i just don't want this to mess up my chances of seeing you 😞 
i hope she feels horrible ! idc 😥 😥 🔫🔫 
indy made wsj :( rt “USERNAME view footage of #explosion and #fire that blasted #indianapolis neighborhood last night URL 
USERNAME were is my thank you ? :( i stayed up til one last night to tell u happy birthday and i don't get a thank you or not even hi 
USERNAME no 😔 😔 but i'm going to cancel my gym membership ! and pay for the year pass at disney instead 35$ a month ! 
i've gotten two hours of sleep ........ and i still can't fall asleep :( the fuck . 
USERNAME okay we only have a super walmart :( no whole foods 
whys my mother getting christmas things out . it's not even thanksgiving yet 😭 
jamie lynn spears why did you have to get pregnant 😣 
so disappointed i can't go to the secret showing with USERNAME and USERNAME tonight 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah :-( wouldve loved to take pics . sigh . #mostwanted 
ji: the more we focus on ourselves the less happy we become . :( #kcc 
USERNAME eff you guys you would go the day i'm throughing up 😭 
someone come kiss my forehead and tell me if i have a fever :( 
USERNAME but come on , give USERNAME a chance please .... :( 
USERNAME : it's the little things that mater cindy . :'( 
not when the class i wanted for my major is closed 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 . 
USERNAME USERNAME i don't know if this is a good idea for our health :( 
USERNAME ohh myy ! ): that sucks so bad . are you alive now ? 
tell me again why i got a job . 😔 
USERNAME i definitely will ! miss our times together ! :( 
i really don't want to finish this paper :( or for this weekend to end . 
i apologize for each and every lie . ! 😢 😔 😢 
USERNAME i didn't even start :( i'm finishing spartan ops ch .1 tonight (for the challenges mostly) would you like to do them together ? 
#confessionnight i used to be a cry baby .. i cried over everything :( lol 
USERNAME me too :( but i'm glad you guys are having fun ! 
goodness me , i love USERNAME discovered a cool feature this morning (definitely not new ): tagged locations house all pics tagged there . 👍 
have to drive up to redlands by myself 😣 🔫 
it took so much emotion just to send that text message :( 
USERNAME east&west coast feeds paying off 2day . left the house dust was watching chargers . here n the tr (charter) i get the raiders :( 
farmed & laser lined gaming . two minutes later its trashed again . #fml #bestbuyproblems 
i just wanna hangout with my mom and i cannot find her :( 
i feel like i may be catching a slight cold ... that doesn't help with my mood today atall ): 
ugh mu tl boring too ... ish now 😔 😒 
USERNAME i know but just know that i need a big hug :( 
went to bed with a migraine & the meds made me sleep in forever . migraine mostly gone now but i'm bummed i missed 11:00 :( #lestweforget 
last night was gay , my back and arms hurt , and i think my flu shot is getting me sick 😞 
when you make plans with USERNAME and then he doesn't call or text you back 💔 
the seat beside me is empty ,,, i'm alone with out you :-( (@ christ community church) URL 
USERNAME cuando salis de clases ? haha me vengo el 24 :( 
scared the crap out of myself right now . pandora just turned on by itself . 😵 😦 😧 😬 
i was just reading the old convo me and USERNAME had when i was waiting to get on the plane to go see him on the 6th . i miss that day . :( 
i would be waking up at this fkn time 😞 
aah this song makes me wanna cryy 😥 but i lovee it 😊 💙 #iris 
i feel like if i text first i'm being annoying or catching you at a bad time :( #girlfriendprobz 
USERNAME USERNAME okay then :( i see how it is 
really wants to stay at home curled up on the couch but noo my ass has to go to work ... #smh #fml #sickasfuck 
cabinet . on sale for $50. description :c ouch URL 
damn 😣 when you forget to take the location shit off ya next tweet . 
i needa start working out asap ! my lower body's getting bigger 😫 💔 
i dont care what anyone says , it is the end of the world if my ankle isn't okay to perform :'( #tantrumtothefullest wahh ... 
found out that the hs football team is playing thanksgiving . too bad i can't go .. :'( 
idk if i'll get to see my boo thang today . :( USERNAME #sadtweet 
i haven't talk to USERNAME since our breakup lol smh 😔 
i hate that i had to witness her passing but ill be always be there to the very end for the ones i love . 😢 
USERNAME es medio chotis , pero no es muy buena calidad :( URL 
what my daddy just told me <<<<< 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME it sucks 😞 same one i tore in 8th grade👎 
USERNAME haha ill promise i try but i can't make any promises :( . ugh i really hope i meet them . i need to . 
normally i would of been braking film down right now for our next game :'( all i know is those #fridaynightlights ... 
i wanna play softball so bad right now , but i have a flashback of when i shattered the bones in my arm last game and i become terrified ): 
the sad moment when you accidentally put orange juice instead of milk in your cereal :( obviously i'm still half asleep 
USERNAME USERNAME he's really sweet ... you must meet him and you don't have much time since he's moving :/ #fml 
USERNAME very true :( i did but i will again 
it's 27 degrees out right now ... :( i miss the warm sun 
USERNAME apparently i'm not special enough to have already experienced it ! 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME thanks for including me ... i like hockey too :-( 
i don't think i should fuck with tequila anymore 😞 
😔 😒 ” umm☝” don't shut up one if the pooches ☝ 
USERNAME who are we gunna make fun of now at after school lifting ! ? 😔 
feel like shitt ! ! ! ! i want this day to be over :( (( 
i'll be in the library all day . 😞 ✌📝📖 
USERNAME aww :( i was gonna say we could all hang 
i'm over the whole drinking every weekend thing . i just feel like shit all the time . 😣 👎🙅 
USERNAME poor me ! lol . he slept at 11 nd woke up at 8, slapping me in the face ! haha im soo tired ! i can never sleep in . :( 
omfg . it's so hard to get a hold of people without a phone . > :( does anyone know my fucking sisters number ? ? ? 
just burn my mouth so badd :( ( #owwy #wheresmyicecream ? 
my aids/lifecycle bbq was cancelled 😪. now i have to cook for myself today 😔 😔 😔 . 
😔 “USERNAME i miss my friendss USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME wahh ! ! 😿 only a week and a half til thanksgiving ! ! ! 🐲 
it's gonna be weird jot getting walked to class everyday cause we have classes by each other . #whatamigonnado #fml #whyme #thebestguys 
i'm so hungry but i don't wanna get up from this comfy bed 😔 #laziness 
that's not even an exaggeration . training for a show is expensive as shit ! cost me 60 bucks every two days to eat 😔 
work six hours today . too bad my babe had double that USERNAME 😔 
when one of your favorite characters gets killed off in a show<<< #skinsuk 😔 
i just accidently cussed in front of my nana ))) ): fml shes gunna beat me with a sandal 
this sinus cold is killing me :( i just wanna be in bed . 
USERNAME have you done anything for the prezi yet ? i can't log in :( what was the user and password 
i got my headache to go away and now it's back 😕 #oww #fml 
USERNAME feeling fabulous ! lol i lost my sweater and money ! :( 
my boyfriend bought me tickets & went with me to see disney princesses on ice , but refused to do the same with justin bieber . 😞 
noo demytrius ! ! you can't get injured . #ineedyou 😢 
oh no .... USERNAME is playing with the budget ! 📠💻💡💰💳📝 😦 
USERNAME omg i thought it was this week ! ! ! ! ! #depressing 
USERNAME USERNAME me too ! ahhghh :( lol i'd never sleep lool 
lrt , that's why all ties are being cut 😔 
USERNAME oh no baby i don't like hearing that :( ill be home in a week and ill make everything better ❤ smile please ! ! i love you forever 
lmao ! USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 rt USERNAME lmao ! rt USERNAME this ! >>>>>>>>>> #weak URL 
i blame my dad for the awful fate of being a giants fan 😣 URL 
i want canes 🐔🍞🍟 but i don't want to spend 💰💰💰😩 😭 #thestruggle 
waking up with all the symptoms of a hangover , but i'm really just sick 😭 <<< 
USERNAME aww :( what did you put on it ? 
work , work , work ... and more work , thats what im doing today ... :( 
i wish i had known grandma popp ... she passed away 2 months before aaron was born :( 
USERNAME i miss you already too ! ): five days . 
USERNAME lol i'm sorry 😥 ... but i wasn't contagious 
turned in my english paper ... 3% plagarism 😔 😳 #thoughtididbetter #ohwell 
USERNAME i been told yu to :( txt me 313 437 7734 
USERNAME i better see you before you go back :( 
reading over old messages makes me want to cry . #imissyousuch . 💔 
asked my mom to come out here for christmas and she ignored me :( 
USERNAME i know :( i'll see you thursday though because im going to the state gaame <3 
i let you go at the wrong time ... :( 
USERNAME i would love to ! if i survive today without dying 👎 #sohungover #alcohol = 💔 
USERNAME at least 8 weeks 👎👎👎 😞 still wanting to do a photo shoot with you guys though ! 
man imissmyguyy so freakingg much . ! ;) ❤ 😢 ❤ USERNAME wish i get ah call , ! ;) 
USERNAME ya :( your such a jerk . it's why i always yell at you to cuddle with meh and not turn away because the kicking will begin . 
USERNAME no you don't . lol i wish i was your height 😔 
going randomly to shalom park to remember where i got married . i miss my husband an extra lot today :( 
i'm a little ashamed at how much i just spent at the mall 😞 
USERNAME reggie bush hasn't been right since the injury in the fist jets game :( 
did i not see USERNAME last night 😢 or did i see her and honestly not remember 😳 😱 #whichone 
it's so nice outside and i'm stuck inside writing a paper ... 😭 
no i want a soda rt USERNAME want some sweet tea ? rt USERNAME i'm thirsty :( 
“USERNAME i'm so hungry :'( URL u need jesus for this tweet ... lol 
USERNAME i hope you're okay ! i heard what happened . 💔 
captain america is way better than iron man v.v t 
my mom and grandma are on their way to rva :( #jealous . 
damn i have to fucking factory reser myphone :( ( 
too many things to memorize .. many disorders .. all these assignments and so little time ! 😭 
even though i ate 1.5 cinnamon buns and a bunch of veggies , i'm starting to get hungry again . :( #fb 
USERNAME lmfao ! not even 😭 my dream lol na hahha 
USERNAME you're right . we have the same problem . why we gotta look so young ? #thestruggle 😔 
i miss having a puppy so much :( i need a canine companion ! ! ! ! 
a little boy came in , asked for a pen and walked out the store with it . that was my favorite pen . 😢 
only downfall abt living here is i can't hang out with none my friends except for one but she stay on the other side :( 
the dq thug life is a rough life :( #fivedollarmealdeal #toomuchwork 
USERNAME my team doesn't play until tonight :( who you got in the texans vs bears game (just wondering) 
the worst feeling ever is losing to someone whose not better than you . 😢 😒 😣 😠 😢 
my brother has a better social life than me #fml 
retweet if you thinkk im prettyy ( : . no retweets ? okay . :( 
only down one pound from yesterday cause i ate pizza . :( 
one day a month isn’t long enough to see my friends 😔 
USERNAME but you haven't seen me in months 😥 and i might go away for school in a few years 
the one time blue laws are suspended in bergen county and USERNAME isn't here to go shopping with me #sadday #sundaysundayshopping 
reading our old messages makes me want to cry . i miss you so much . 💔 
*sigh* i can never find a sports bra in my size :( (@ target) URL 
ohh , i forgot about thanksgiving . never mind . 😔 
took bruin on an adventure through the woods ended with twenty ticks on him and two on me :( #unsuccessful 
boys bring your game this half ! ! ! ! > :( 
USERNAME 😣 text me if you need anything ! ! 
fuckk . i still have to write a persuasive essay and a letter . #fml #fuckthisproject 
bears vs texans tonight ! ! gonna be such a good game . too bad i'm working ugh :( 
USERNAME true .. but .. i dont like facebook .. :c 
USERNAME ya i still wanna die thinking about it :( 
USERNAME omg :( i haven't been working since like october -.- make me a burrito ! 
USERNAME i miss you girll ! we have no classes together so we never talk anymore ): 
USERNAME omfg lucky :, o <3 3 i wanted creepers :( lol 
why wont sara wake up and talk to me ? 😢 
dreading the fact that we will be running a shit ton at basketball tomorrow #fml 
USERNAME i seriously don't know how :[ i'm def gonna hurt myself 
USERNAME i will .. poor guy has to work today and can't watch football as he likes to :( 
cough drops ! ! ! yes please ! ! ! ugh ! ! ! tired of coughing ! ! ! ! :( :( 
why do i watch greys anatomy . it kills me . 😞 
i mean i don't think my hairs growing at all :( 
lost my USERNAME sunglasses 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
“USERNAME i can't even deal ! :'( today not my day >.< 
oan i don't feel like going to work today :( 
stop sounding thirsty ✋🚿. you got some one to cuddle i don't . 😭 😭 😭 
finally ! it's raining ! ! ! 👏 😲 😭 👏 
someone get me out of this damn house . 😭 
today is literally the perfect day for a darty . fuck physics . 👎 😔 
USERNAME im not an asshole ! :( most of them i really did like ! 
USERNAME kamu pulang ke bdg kapan ? ? miss you bee :( 
why does no one ever think i'm funny 😔 😔 
just painted my whole room .. my arms are dead 😣 
USERNAME i don't get text msgs , phone calls , tweets nothing= :( 
USERNAME i'm so jealous of my past self now that i'm en route home :( 
USERNAME why ? :( u can watch online if you want ? 
like that fall compared to the others i have that shit was weak ! but such a bad outcome like ugh :( 
USERNAME i know 😔 we need to kick it o; 
USERNAME USERNAME i have no one to do the wiz concert with me and i can bring 3-4 girls but no one wants to go 😣 
i have been having terrible fucking nightmares lately . :( 
USERNAME ugh i know ! :( i miss you too ! <3 33 
this is when i really wish dogs had cell phones so i could text kiya to come home 💔 
i'm so hungry but i'm too lazy to get up and make food . i miss being on meal plan :( 
USERNAME my chicken nuggets revisited me this morning .. was such a good idea at the time 😞 
USERNAME the part in that ep where the hologram asks of he's going to see his wife and kids again when picard leaves ... :( :( :( :( 
spending 3 hours last night leading the chords for a song my maroon 5 ... i'm a loser :'( 
so sad i won't have my #teenmom watching buddy USERNAME with me tomorrow night 😔 😢 😭 😫 
my dad&i rocking out to by pornoforpyros on our way to pick up sasha . sorry i had to leave you in slc last night :( i hope you're ok ! ! 
i hate having to buy new mascara , i can never find a brand to make my eyelashes look good . 😔 
mad i woke up just in time to miss the cafe .. even tho it's not the best i still needa eat .. 😢 
like my nigga chip said she might be bad but she broke ! 😔 
i complain that i'm bored & no one texts me , but when people do , i never reply 😞 haha 
USERNAME i do , but i hate to leave the house now . :( 
i wish i had money shit all the sales i would be going crazy right now :( 
today is the worst day ever . like how much can go wrong 😔 
happy birthday to the best daddy ever ! love you soo much ! missing daddy 😭 ❤ 🎉🍻 
k didn't think it would end this way .. </3 
whoo i don't wanna go to work :( i would rather go see james bond again lol 
USERNAME pq eu to errando mt na hr de escrever :( 
are you serious ? ? ? ? ? ! ! ! > :( 
dang it , just text me ! pretty please ? :( 
USERNAME what a nice day to go in a hot tub 😢 
USERNAME yea ! but i leave work at 6 :( 
USERNAME lucky lol it was probably all that twerkin . mine hurt now :( hahha 
USERNAME i wishh ): but we're here for kyle's sister ! 
i think it had the opposite reaction . they look so sad when you leave , and you just wanna take them home . it's so depressing . 😔 
lol my manager said i should dye my hair black cause with red hair i look like a hooker 😢 
so many bikes out today , it makes me sad i'm not on one :( #sadday 
that moment you want to invite yourself to the bbq next to you :( (@ blanchard park w/ 2 others) URL 
when someone loses feelings for you .... that shit hurts </3 
i miss USERNAME and i've forgotten his laugh 😔 😔 😔 😱 #uhoh 
i love how my aunt tricked me by saying she had candy , when it really was just cherries . 😞 #ilovecandy 
such nice weather today .. and im stuck at home doing homework .. :c 
USERNAME lucky 😥 i have to get stuck here . 
i totally forgot to ask jessica at yesterday's fanmeet . :( 
USERNAME he knows what he's doing; but tbh , i don't think he cares because it's not iesha . sorry for being blunt :( it's sad :( 
talking to my mother while she's on her way to o'hare to fly to south africa 'til december 17th then zimbabwe 'til after new years . ): 
i always wanted to know how to hip roll bruh 😔 
at the first bsu basketball and we are looking less than stellar . #sadtweet 
USERNAME yeah i hate it but i can't get rid of it </3 
USERNAME USERNAME they have other plans 😭 and its for my bday ugh 
USERNAME i'm sorry sweetie 😢 . he's always with you & i'm sure he'd be so very proud of you ! 
just hit my head on the table , purposely . it's taken me 2.5 hours just to write my name on this essay . #fml 
this headache man . 2 days & its not going away . :( 
babe's at church and i hate eating lunch alone at work . 😔 
i hate feeling sicky . i have a paper to do . 😞 📄🔫 
this cigarette gave me a sick head change 😳 i still feel drunk 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sorry i didn't even read anything but the names lol 😔 i would be muffin . 
USERNAME USERNAME i don't have it :( it's probably jordan or caleigh . 
there's nobody in this world that will ever have my heart like my gf does . i want her to come back home :( 💔 
USERNAME oh , um . i dont know how :( 
sleeping on the floor was a terrible idea last night . my back and my neck hurt oh my 😭 
study .... zz .... then more study :( (@ the kitty kave) URL 
USERNAME aw that sucks i can't watch them either :( :( :( :( 
USERNAME if i could get one ! d: jk i want one so bad . :c 
i'm sorry :( please don't stress over him . he's an asshole 
it's a beautiful day on both sides of the country & i'll be on an airplane all day ! 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME lol yes ! i almost died , that shit really was spicy . 😔 haha . 
morrissey concert on the 24th , and im not going </3 
hate when i forget my lifting gloves ouchies ! ! ! 😣 
the one day i was going to wash my car .. it rains 😔 
wearing my jacket inside because justin won't turn the heaters on . #fml 
USERNAME i haven't talked to my sister in forever , where she been :( 
i feel like i can't tell anyone what's really going on :/ #sadtweet 
all the sneaker heads are heated sole today shoulda got myself a ticket :c lol 
well no one text's me . v.v cuz i'm not cool enough . sorry . 
in all honesty i'm just laying in my bath tub taking a nice afternoon bath while i listen to #shm #mysunday 🛀👍 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i told my mom and dad about jelena and i started crying . i need to stop talking about it </3 
i wanted to dye my hair back to ombré when it grows back but so many people are doing it all over the place now 😭 😞 
my brother bought me a gucci purse and my mom lost it 😭 😤😫 
ohmygod my baby boys are here ! 😭 haven't seen them in so long ! 😞 
saying goodbye to my baby has to be one of the hardest things . idc if i'll see him saturday or not , i'm still gonna miss him 😔 😥 😩 
drowsy . all i wanna do i cuddle and sleep but i'm bout to go out and my cuddle buddy aint even around . ehh :'( 
oh no just turned the game on and my besties giants are losing .. :-( USERNAME 
USERNAME sorry boo lol :( wyd , and cause ima be doing a research paper 
on my way to the airport . this visit was short 😞 
im in twitter jail even tho im tweeting :( (( 
USERNAME lol yes ! i was gonna call you this weekend but i stayed in and i got work tonight :( 
USERNAME lol cuz idk what there is to do around here and i am a crew trainer at mcdonald's :( 
USERNAME i'd love 2 ! i don't want to wait another year tho ! :( 
it bothers me that it's this nice out and i have to go to work for the next 8 hours :( 
i better have a good job when i get older #confessionsofashopaholic 😔 💳💰💸 
USERNAME i miss you . likee a lot . :( 
pissed i dropped my pone yesterday smh a few scratches :( 
USERNAME trust me i know ... and i'm sorry :( 
#oaklandraiders ass ... 😪😪 😠 😠 😡 😡 😥 😥 😔 😔 😔 
edc is over back to trampa 😿 #sosad #depressed #takemeback 
<-- too young to be served alcohol in most establishments :( rt USERNAME USERNAME <-- *mimosas would be cool 
everything with you is so damn complicated .. 😔 #wtf #hatethisfeeling 
justin is taking the lead ! :( URL #onedirection " 
USERNAME help ! most of my stars have disappeared and i don't know why :( 
and then , my lovely sunday is ruined by a thing called work #fml 
i want chips i want chips i want chips v.v 
USERNAME :( i will run to your house and use my 4 muscles to slap you ! 
USERNAME thx baby i owe two months on my cell phone 😥 plus other shit 
USERNAME 😢 i'm sorry , hun . i'm always here if you want to talk . ❤ how's your fam doing ? 
haha wow my fantasy football team is playing horrible ! #fml 
the boardwalk i spent my youth at ... depressed :-( @ point pleasant beach boardwalk URL 
3 day weekend and i have to spend it in my house cause im sick ): 
i did yue wrong , i will understand if yue dnt take me back ! ! </3 
USERNAME i don't wanna talk about it in text . lets meet up tomorrow so i can talk to you . 😔 
a lot of things i try to suppress and not think about are catching up to me and hitting me hard .. :( 
i always hate this part of coming home :( (( 
sitting in the car in front of the mall because i don't want to go to work yet .... ahh i'm tired man . been up since 4 ! :( 
moms said i cant go too practice because im still sick but im going too skool tomorrow #fml 
USERNAME take me to vegas with you 😩 😔 😢 i wanna meet my boothangg lol 
USERNAME lol because we were sitting outside for like half an hour 😣 
USERNAME omg no phones or cameras allowed :( how am i suppose to remember that day if i cant take a picture 
the much-vaunted pancake machine is off :( #smd4 #loungehopping (@ alaska airlines board room) URL 
when you get all ready to go & then your plans get canceled👎 😔 
USERNAME omg yayayyay 😭 👏 hurry back i'm lonely ! ! 
i wish my grandma would come get me because i miss her & i want to go home . 😭 😩 😥 
USERNAME i'm gonna miss my baby 😔 ugh , we go way back ! 
i miss whrn my dad use to get me whatever just cus i craved it . ! ): 
i feel so bad for my aunt :( she lost everything and for all the other ppl in new dorp who lost there houses 
USERNAME i'm gonna be in salt lake ! :( the weekend after ? 
seeing your name pop up on my timeline <<<< 😔 😒 😞 #dammit 
just checked in at hotel and no upgrade :( #sheratonnewyork 
i miss those days ymari ))) ): we really were the best team because we have twin telepathy 
USERNAME i don't know if i could accept your sunday tweet because you just said that </3 
USERNAME just for all of that comment i'm deeply hurt . everything i love and i can't have . </3 #rosie1kerri0 
i hate wen u txt me then i get so excited and then i text you but you dont text me back :( 
their name in your phone >>>>>>>< your name in their phone ): 
USERNAME i love you more and miss you ! </3 
gahh . every time i watch the green mile i cry :'( 
USERNAME oh i see :( well can someone just say something happy 
now you know how i feel when you play around too much , annoyed af 😾 so you can't be mad at me . 
... but really i got a ticket on the way back #fml 
welp guess its time to study and do homework 😔 #whyy 
USERNAME USERNAME sadly one of the most depressing things that have ever happened ... it's just crumbled ... 😔 
want to go back 😢 💔 don't know what ya got til it's gone 😔 #mantoloking #restoret @ carrigan beach mantoloking URL 
USERNAME i work two days , and then i'm off for five . 👍 weekends only . oh ... but that just reestablishes the fact that i have no life . 😔 
s/o to USERNAME who talked to USERNAME last night on chat roulette & i didn't ! ! ! 😫 😭 😭 😭 💔 
bradshaw fumble on a good drive reminds me of tj yesterday 😭 
USERNAME haha definitely (; i wasn't even in dbo for 24 hours *sigh* ): 
when you get all ready to go & then your plans get canceled👎 😔 <<< 
just realized i won't be able to use my phone in mexico :( 
excited and nervous for my fashion show today 😣 #modeling 
when my parents take my car and my backpack is in my car <<< #cantdowork #fml 
couldn't send USERNAME a get well card so im sending a tweet ! hope you feel better :( love you shorty ! 
i broke the promises but that doesnt mean u cnt get more chanses there is always mistakes and everyone isn't perfect .. relize that :( 
being scared you'll lose the only person you want . #shitsucks #fml 
that's why i hate being home .. #nofun #bored #justsittinghere #doingnothing #nothingtoeat #fml 
dads taking down the pool > :( hello shoulda let it freeze . 
izzy is so brown and i'm just so fucking pale . i'm jealous :( 
i reaally hate fussing with people , especially with #oomf 😔 
i just want a girl to chill and watch sunday football with :( 
they always leave without me :( i am hungryy ! 
USERNAME lol awee . but don't you have when the little shit bring back memories 😣 
black ops comes out soon and i can't buy it :( 
your bridges were burned & now it's your turn ... to cry , so cry me a river 😭 
USERNAME no sé :c recién lo leí por ahí, no sé si lo decían de verdad 
USERNAME please :( chads always incognito . i'm never gonna find him . 
loyalty is a rare quality out of a person these days :/ . amazing how ppl think u r so disposable after talking to them for 5, 6, 7 months :( 
i'll miss my emoji's too much 😘 👳 😿 💩 💋 💴 
that dream was to realistic , im still shaking ): 
so many motorcycles out today , i wanna be on one :( 
still on damn hw status . #fml . and to think i rather attempt a rubix cube . #thestruggle 
sometimes we get so caught up in our everyday lives as college students that we forget about family at home 😥 
USERNAME $2.50 for this ! ? ! #solittleforsomuch then had to deal w/ a rude mngr . #surveytime :( URL 
im soo hungryy :( ( havent ate since 7 in the morning ! ! 
i wish i could live in the moment when everything was okay and i was happy .. #imissyou #idkwhy #feelingssuck 💔 
it's nice that my medicine makes me sleepy when i have tons of homework , oh did i mention i'm forced to miss three classes tomorrow #fml 
USERNAME good ! also i cannot believe you we're in bg a while ago and didn't even tell me ... 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME we miss you too :( come visit soon ! 
makes me mad when i see a sixty year old lady with a better body than me . :( 
USERNAME 21-17 saints .. they just intercepted it and are about to score again :( 
i gotta finish paying off my tuition bill , i owe $2,360.98 smh 😔 😁 
USERNAME lol i never found a producer who would work with me .... those days are over :( 
i wish my princess would feel better :( #hatewhenshefeelssick #wishicouldhaveitinstead 
finally laying down to go to sleep since yesterday #drained 😞 😴 
USERNAME look at tha t.t weet again and tell me i was wrong to go down that . road ! ! ! lol 
USERNAME omg , really ? :( you started it i only had nice things to say about you 
my mom bribed me with mcdonald's to come help clean out the storage unit . what was i thinking .. no food is worth this suffering 😩 😭 😔 
USERNAME :( i hope you get to feeling better ! 
i got a lot of it , too . :( rt USERNAME guess i'll start this laundry 
frankie calls me to tell me not to talk to him for a week cause i didn't go to church 😭 😭 
i wish 😞 rt USERNAME USERNAME are we there yet ? ” 
my parents love me they went to mccds and didn't get me anything . #sadtweet 
my dedication to getting an htc 8x is wavering because they are apparently made of unobtainium . :-( 
i wanna dress out ! but i'm only at ec for like one period 😞 😣 
i will at least catch the texans game tonight . working during my cowboys . :( eagles fans are the only ppl in the world that i hate . #daboys 
USERNAME your smile is way better than mine tho 😔 
i literally spent an hour throwing up lady night . that was triv 😢 
USERNAME better not be . im not going to lie i died inside when i see those pics lmao ): 
wanting to sleep .. but also wanting to do something productive 😔 
sunday naps might have to be the best thing ever ! on the other hand hw not so much . #sleepforever #collegehw :( 
i don't wanna go back to school tomorrow 😔 this week is gonna be hell so much to do 
i lost all of my notes ... my laptop crashed 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i know we departed , but i'm trying to talk to you but you ignor me 😔 
the sad part is when u feeling lonely there no one :-( :'( :-\ 
all of my awesome notes i've taken ... gone 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME so ! lol . but i have to work :( you coming back next weekend ? 
i try and all i'm doing is pushing you further away . what the hell ): 
i know exactly how to handle this and i don't like it 😔 
i miss the pacific ocean :'( @ avila beach , california URL 
USERNAME it's so funny ! ron hates it though :( 
omg ima be home alone gor a long time 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME my savings to repay it :( 
even though im happy they broke up im sad that justin sad , he hasnt even tweeted in a long time ... </3 
USERNAME :'( pleasee don't cry . a guy like him doesn't deserve you . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME haha i wish i was there though ! :( 
USERNAME wallah ma a3ref :'( ana safrt mn 6 shohor o m7d gally 
feeling some type of way .. 😒 😒 😒 😔 
“USERNAME USERNAME tough life you lead here's the fish i got today :( URL #profishingguy 
USERNAME cheyanne rose williams . she's dying to see you tonight , can't afford a ticket ): my sister . 
i would seriously give anything to play football today :( 
to those who's parents bought/buy them car(s ): be extremely thankful . because some , like me , can either have school or car . not both . 
at bens last game of the season :( let's go #sandlot (at north city youth baseball fields) — URL 
USERNAME USERNAME then i look like a troll 😭 😭 
good morning ! how is your day ? mine is boring t.t 
USERNAME s ! ngl3 4 lyf✌ it's sad because i probably will be single forever ): #sad #alone #uglygirlproblems 
i'm only 18 i still have a lot to learn about a prefect relationship .. give me a break . </3 
USERNAME i went to a wedding last weekend and they had mac n cheese orderv w a flacky crus t.t he salmon & falet mignon # magnificence 
USERNAME aww i love u to sissy u made my day a tad bit brighter :( 
really wish i didn't have to work or close tonight :( 
i wish i had somewhere to go on a day like this , too bad i have no friends . #sadtweet 
so here i go again on my own . walking down the only road i've ever known . like a drifter i was born to walk alone . #sadtweet 
i wish ricky was here to watch this movie with me :( 
about to leave the beautiful bay . the weekend went by way too fast 😢 😫 
wowowow i miss baseball . 😣 😭 😭 😢 💔 
i need more caffeine to get me through today . 😞 
taking family pictures today i dont know if i should curl my hair or straighten it ... ughh 😔 can decide 
so he likes my comment that i said under his super sweet post but won't text me :( 
kelsey at work ! ... they grow up so fast 👏 😢 USERNAME URL 
just got my haircut :/ short hair dot care :/ i miss my long hair already 😭 😢 😥 
brother is back on base :( bittersweet goodbye .... another month and we'll be reunited for christmas ! 
accidentally deleting 300 pictures of old memories with one person <<<<<<< #fml 
USERNAME you think your funny ? 😭 i hate you ! don't bring my chicken up :( 
need a eagles fan to come watch the game wit me , but there aren't to many of em 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME hahahhaha . 😭 i'm trying to have her hit us up with that starbucks before we go . 
rt USERNAME why can't canada be a tropical place ? :( hate the cold ! 
watching beastly 😥 ❤ . this movie is perf . 
USERNAME so u see brayden with his daddy and he still won't say hi to me 😔 
these are the worst grits i've ever ate . 😣 
ughh ! gotta go ! i wanna watch the ema's though . :( 
i can't believe the crimson tide fell last night . :-( 
USERNAME jajaja tan bonito , pero yo no quiero causarte males :( 
been here since 7am , now finna do this 3-11 shift 😣 
USERNAME yeah i did n dhey got into it again :( 
USERNAME sowwy ! ! ! ! 😔 USERNAME won't give me your number ! he's a bitch ! 
waking up from a nap and walking into mads room to ask him a question and realizing that he isn't here anymore .... 💔 😢 
go broncos ! ! sorry panthers .. you are my home team but ... broncos are better :( URL 
i don't know how to dm people 😔 😁 😣 
ankle sprain 😣 😣 😣 😣 now another agony of walking asse feom carrying 6lbs in my belly . 
USERNAME : it's ok my team is losing too :( 
2 birthday kickbacks in one day ... both good friends of mine . ohmahgawd .. which one to go to :( 
USERNAME USERNAME where i can see it ? :( in nj ? x 
such a nice way to spend my sunday ! not . 😢 😩 URL 
after all the love i give you ? ! 😩 😢 
there was a big party last night with loud music and i was just on a roof about to fall asleep . thanks for the invite random party thrower 😔 😭 
if things couldnt get any worse .... they just did :( 
USERNAME 49 dollars for the pill .... it's not like the packet is made of choclate or gold :-( 
my biggest crush right now is USERNAME too bad he won't ever give me a time of day 😉 😢 💔 💔 💔 
so jealous of my mom and dad right now 😒 😔 @ famu - mcguinn hall URL 
USERNAME i still have mine out 😔 😑 😑 😑 
i miss monta and robinson :( why'd you guys have to get traded to the bucks/bulls 
apologies to USERNAME for the disrespect i showed last night it was alcohol influenced embarrassing and stupid . there's no excuse for it 😞 
i need to start getting ready , but im too lazy . ): 
wila ford i wanna be bad 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i wish flying fish was open on sundays . 😔 
kim kardashian's cat is too fucking cute .. almost makes me forget my about my allergies :( 
i feel you ! ! i live far as fuck too 😔 
just left the movies , i saw #wreckitralph . i was crying when ralph messed the girl car up :( 
i go back to school tomorrow for the first time in , the past 2 weeks from hurricane sandy :-( 
just left the #dash store ... i feel so poor :( everything there is beautiful 😢 USERNAME URL 
USERNAME jack , i can't find your cover of elephants by alexander ! it was my favorite :( hope life is grand ! ! xx 
my favorite song 💔 👎 #day11 #lyrics @ november photo a day🍂🍃🍁 URL 
i hate it when my dog gets sick 🐶 😔 💔 
USERNAME yeah unfortunately :( we need to get together soon . 
i wish you would have told me that instead of me having to find out over twitter 😔 
USERNAME i've been so stressed i ripped off all my gelac :( #girlsday ? 
USERNAME um i think it is , so yeah gurl . we haven't hung out in too long . :-( 
my cheeks look extra huge when all my hair is pulled back . 😔 
USERNAME i see how it is daissy ! i thought i was your favorite ! ! ! 💔 😭 😭 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( i can still be like your weight loss coach on twitter . 
i have to go back to school in an hour :( #no #dontmakeme 
i told USERNAME i'd give him a million dollars to clean my room and he says 'i don't clean'. guess i know what i'm doing today . :( 
cam & the ravens defense be lettin me down right now 😔 #fantasyfootballprobz 
lazy day . ! i hate not knowing people in springfield . :( it's soo freaking boring . i'm use to knowing everybody . :/ #depressedtweet 
like no frankie your my only friend there ahh ): 
USERNAME USERNAME aw :c ask we wre planning to go 130 or 2 
USERNAME i know ! it sucks :( i hate math 
i won't have any free time until after six . 😔 
USERNAME hahaha i feel like i haven't seen you in forever 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME chachi called me to fuck her up but my ass was sleeping 😔 
i shattered my piece last night at a party 😢 
😭 say hi to it for me ! i miss keyes st 😪 
church time ... again without USERNAME <3 :c eh , whatevs #godisgood #godislove 
can't get tattooed today cause i just had surgery :( (( 
USERNAME oh dang that sucks ! 😧 you're alright though , right ? haha ! 
i miss my quince practices . they were fun :( my mom and dad would buy us all raspados and elotes :( 
USERNAME i miss this guy a ton ! #budssince4thgrade #runningbros 😔 URL 
USERNAME hahaha i did this mornin cuz i forgot to post it 😑 😞 
looking through my old camera makes me realize how much i miss our friendship . <3 :( USERNAME 
USERNAME aawwhh :'( well at least u up hea wat u bouta eat doe 
USERNAME i'm already fat :c so it's okaii . ~ hehe . 
she likes mistletoe by jb bt that's shit got me sad :( #memories 
USERNAME nice seeing you too ! i missed you so much ! ): 
USERNAME i want to more than anything but i just can't get the time off ... :( soon i promise ! 
USERNAME 😧 😧 😧 very well smh 😏 😏 😏 😬😬 
USERNAME i know 😢 doesn't even feel like home anymore 
i can't believe my real mom sent me this long text , and i started crying ... :( 
USERNAME it is ! but it's so bad for you 😢 
USERNAME stfu homo . i miss you like crazyy :( 
USERNAME we never had our skype date and this makes me sad . i miss your beautiful face :( 
goodbyes never get easier 😥 can't wait to come back in a month ! ! ! #bay 
i just realized we only have 2 races left . 😭 #nascar 
missing my quinceanera👑missing my friends quince 💙 😢 , missing the practices , just missing how we were all so close & now it all changed . 
USERNAME found that out the hard way 😔 💩 💔 
ahh damn it how does he do that ! ! 😧 
being tired just hit me .. 3 hours of sleep doesn't work for a 10+ hour shift .. :( 
i'm having a hard time getting myself together today :( 
USERNAME ugh i don’t know . i seem to be paint chip prone :( too much highway driving 
my puppy wont hang out with me today :( the fuck ? ! 
this great weekend can't be coming to an end 😭 😩 trevs flying back and i have work tonight ... #backtoreality #thisblows 
power just went out .... i was watching icarly parties with victorious 😔 comcast won't work for another hour . 
i hate when nice people text me and u don't feel like talking ... i just ignore them , i'm rude 😔 
i just cant force myself to send that message .. :( 
USERNAME someone didn't invite me :( they can't hang with the captin anyways 
USERNAME well i like some of their slower stuff . and yeah he's pretty big ! he was in madison recently and i wanted to go but i didnt ): 
ugh i feel like shit ! i can't hang no more :( ha 
i don't wanna go to work .. 😔 but i'm thankful i have a job ! 👌 
i miss my boyfriend . i hate not getting to see him :( USERNAME 
looks like no kentucky for me . :( . 3 hours on a grounded plane at seatac and the soonest i could get to my conference was midday . so home . 
i can't handle this game anymore . :( so ... on to my #magic ! letsgomagic ! ! #wewill ! ! 
my computer would break down when i need to do my senior theme ! ! ! ! :( 
listening to afrojack on the way home just isn't the same as him being live right in front of you 😔 #takemeback #edc2012 
wish i was watching the game instead of refreshing espn 😔 
USERNAME youu and selena broke up :( i cant believe it 
it gets sad when i think that my grandma isnt here anymore when its lmost my birthday #sadtweet 
callin my f'n doctor . .. tony needs help . . :( 
USERNAME no ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😭 
take a bath first . -_- so cold thoe </3 
i gave up on the eagles after jerome brown died . :-( 
ugh i feel like shitt i wish i could sleep all day 😔 
USERNAME on the hood . it is through to metal so it at least needs touch up paint on it . :( i want a deloren with anodized aluminum body 
something always has to happen to ruin everything . 😞 
USERNAME i can imagine vegas will be rate up my street .. ha ! ! look after him cos i miss him loads :-( x 
had fun last night but i feel so embarrassed and bad now :( i'm better than this ... 
i was goig to delte my facebook but im not because of andrew <3 ❄ ❤ 💔 
retweet your face when you realize there will never be another game from capcom that will as magical as their snes era library . # :( 
what happened to mb ? everything just changed they just grew up and forgot about us :( that's how i'm feeling 
not what i was expecting my day to be like .... 😭 @ carilion roanoke memorial hospital URL 
just another weekend where USERNAME is back and town and fails to see me #sigh #depressing 
when i just wanna wear fake jewelry every once in a while 😿 👸 
i did all my laundry when i went home and now my clothes smell like my house and it's making me wanna go back :( 
USERNAME yeah .. this headache has to go away ): 
so sad that USERNAME had to leave :( but this was an amazing weekend not gunna lie #bestfriend #outofstateproblems URL 
USERNAME :( that's what happened to my other friend omg 
eating at olive garden and there's no USERNAME to rub my cheeks . #sadtweet 
felt like my hip popped out of place while i was running ! owwey :( 
been working on my car since 8 this morning . 😔 
need to go home and finish my homework 😔 i hate school ! 
idk how to properly wrap a present nicely and google isn't helping 😭 
USERNAME why couldn't that be every weekend 😥 #loveyou ❤ 😘 😊 
probably not going to cheer . i need to make money 😔 
USERNAME i can't take u monday night :( my dad won't let me drive anymore ! 
i can't believe after this final show USERNAME will be over 😥 #boo #idontwannaleave 
USERNAME i lost your number when i got my new phone :( ((( text me ! ! 5027189189 
yeah let's not talk about this anymore . 😪 😭 
i dont see how girls are so okay with people touching their ass o.o i freak out when tiffany and adrienne just talk about my butt v.v 
i hate when my mom asks me if i'm still going to bring you home to offically meet her and i'm like ... :'( 
someone take care of me d: i'm getting sick :c 
i'm too depressed to go to school . i haven't talked to anyone really & i just want my home :( (((( 
USERNAME do you get offended when i hit on you abigayle ? 😔 😒 
first weekend of this football season that both my college and nfl team will lose unless a #miracle 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME we are the best fans right justin ? :c 
USERNAME USERNAME awhh really ? ? 😔 it was a good one too ... 
i need to stop reading christian grey #torture 😞 😭 
USERNAME lol yea gurl . ! ! ! i was lookin for u before i left lastnite but i aint find you , u left and aint even say bye :-( 
USERNAME thanks for texting me back last night butt head :( 
USERNAME is so beautiful but she don't txt back :-( 
i told ya' i had a heart problem .👴💀 💔 👿💢 
fucking shit am broke & the temerarios is today #fml 
wish i was on the carrier , but no one gave me tickets ... :( oh well . let's go su ! URL 
i'm so hungry :( i just gotta keep tell myself , you don't need food ! ! ! 😔 
i really hope that the world doesn't end soon ! if it does , all this time and education i've had so far was for nothing ! :( 
damn the vikings gave up a td :( #salutetoservice #happyveteransday #detvsminsupport 
now that USERNAME isn't on twitter what am i to do with myself 😳 😔 
just tried to facetime ashley but she didn't answer 😔 😒 
USERNAME ok babe but please try ! ! ! ! 😔 
the worst eli manning show i've seen in this season ... painful :-( 
this is the saddest part , when everyone leaves :( 
watching the dolphins get abused :( (@ duffy's sports grill w/ 5 others) URL 
USERNAME poor pammy :( yes we did ! ! 🙏🙌 
rt USERNAME giant reese's peanut butter cup cupcake cake URL <= damn that's looks so beautiful :'( 
sanu ma nigga ou of rutgers ahh , but giants are disapointing right now :( 
that just killed me to do that but i need more room to breathe . ): 
laying in my bed freezing , wishing you were here to keep me warm . 💞 😔 
i ask my dad if i can drive he yells for his life and says no .. ok :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME thats my kuck the inly time i met hot women us when there customers at work :( #viciousissues 
well looks like i'm not running the schrauger 5k this weekend . fractured my ankle . #again #fml #hungoverprobz 
USERNAME she better go to work tomorrow or i'll be mad . :( 
USERNAME haha yeah only had half a fifth and countless shots .. fml :( 
i wish i someone would come over with princess soup , apple juice , and a some halls and take care of me . 😔 😷😪 #sicklikeadog 
my mom always tells me you have to walk through hell to get to heaven but how big is hell .. damn . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME oh thanks 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
being on your phone so much you wake up at 12 an your phone is 100% and it just got to 7% 😞 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME come on now ! ! ! ! ! USERNAME ugh , i see a point of no return for this game :( 
where tf are you at you fucking bitch ass fried chicken sucking wetback ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! > :( 2 fucking days bro ! ! ! ! ! die 
USERNAME hi . i miss you . come visit me . 😢 
USERNAME ohh thats awkk ..... so uhmm i miss you ? ? ? ? :( 
i wish there was a girl out there that understood football and would watch games with me :( 
pretty ready to go home :( i miss my puppy an my own bed in my own house 🙍 😞 🐾🏠 
USERNAME i love you girl and i wish i was funny enough to make you . happy :( 
having so much to say and no time .... :( 
i swear i miss being home w/ my family ....... seems like they be having all the fun in the world , i miss being apart of it 😔 😔 😔 
i don't wanna work tonight :( at least ill be with my babies USERNAME USERNAME 😘 😘 😘 😘 👍 
after getting up , i really want a noon nap :( 
jus been thinking && been feeling sum typa way :'( like i don't wanna loose you at all . URL 
damn that really bothers me when i think about it 😔 
USERNAME noo ... i'm just happy ! i asked you but you never come :( 
i hate it when we leave each other ! 😥 
USERNAME i hope i didn't pass it on to you 😰 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wish i could be there today :( 
i can't believe our baby got rid of his hair #what #noo worst birthday news 😩 😭 USERNAME 
USERNAME that's exactly what i like most about it ! 👌 😔 
wish USERNAME didn't leave to go back early .. now i'll have to have to jam back to jb with my mom :( #donttrustahoe #remix #yo 
USERNAME lol i know ... i tried to make it my home screen but it didn't look right cause it wasn't taking with my phone :( 
too bad he doesn't know that tweet was for him 😔 
itching to travel again . :( @ njt - clifton station (mbpj) URL 
USERNAME ha i wish ! he's not even here 😔 
i want someone to come over ): i'm bored . 
my fantasy football team is the biggest bunch of underachieving bums ever…you all suck , thanks again for letting me down 😞 
new realisation today . almost brought me to tears . :( #thingsneedtochange 
if anyone wants to know what getting spanked looks like turn on the giants game 😔 😖 
i strongly dislike it when we have to leave each other ! 😔 
it so sad having to tell veteran they can't have a free foot long :( 
if you thought that's was perfect boy you were wrong , i'm far from that . ❤ 😔 
dem sudden physical feels . no pain , but no pleasure either . :( 
the thought of finals does not scare me however abstract algebra final does #fml 
can't take to much more of this . #depressed #asshit 
glad i didn't take the giants today . this game is embarrassing 😣 
there's no point in texting me if your going to take an hour every time 😔 
i hate 2 day hangovers i'm still so sleepy💤 😔 
the good stuff by kenny chesney gives me tears in my eyes everytime i hear it .. apart of me still hears you singing it to me 😔 
USERNAME you never workout ! and i don't wanna play racquet ball :( 
this is gonna be really awkward when the people at the mac store see the terabyte of porn on my computer :( 
back to reality .... :( (@ fort lauderdale-hollywood international airport (fll) w/ 28 others) URL 
USERNAME the river is dangerous :( ( but yess please i cannot wait to c u 
USERNAME i miss you too ! :( . i wish you didn't leave . sad eyes . 
this is te second time i get really dizzy 😭 😭 💔 
was really just rubbing my eye and scratched it with my watch .. #fml 
i dont know what i'm going to do when i go to college # :( 
wish i could say the same 😔 rt USERNAME still in bed . lol 
oh wait i can't watch it . because the nhl is in lockout . #fml 
USERNAME you will never hear from me again now :( .... 
USERNAME well it sorta hurt so but it's cool i ll totes be butthurt about that tweet :( 
USERNAME those people are crazy ! ! ! they pulled out all those girls teefies :( 
i'm hungry .. but my debit card got stolen .. gonna starve to death ) ): 
USERNAME i did the last time i got a happy meal . i thought maybe the girl toy would be decent . i was wrong . 😔 
don't leave something good just to find better . once you realize you had the best , the best has found better . 💔 
USERNAME come cuddle i don't feel good 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME miss you too 🍡 😢 are you in seekonk ? ? ? 
itching to travel again . :( @ njt - clifton station (mbpj) URL 
USERNAME that's a dumb reason to not let me go ): 
you know you have way too much clothes when you haven't done laundry in a month and still have clean clothes to wear 😔 
i snap chatted mega and she never snap chatted me back ): 
really really really need to work this week but that final project kicking my ass 😔 😭 ❗ 
i don't think my grandma likes when i try to come to her house . 😥 
onlii bin sum hours & yet im already missin u :( 
great my sister left & i hate being home alone . :'( #whatabitch 
i'm gonna fail my first class ever twitter 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 . 
at home ! ! ! feels good but mondays school :( dang it 
USERNAME 😓 😢 there is no reason for the name calling 💔 
sorta butt hurt about how people think i view women :( 
USERNAME 😞 poor julie ! ok let's do it 👍👍 
im going to endup not going to marys party and i was soo looking forward to thay 💔 💔 💔 ✋ 
ee don't wana leavee 😿 🙀 😯 😫 back to cali had a great time ! ! ! !✈✈✈✈✈✈✈ 
why fed thinks he needs to do extra with each shot wn playin against #murray . he s not #nadal :( 
USERNAME lol i love the way you worded that . what i don't love is when i start to sing you maroon 5 and you walk away ! :( 
USERNAME come back to tuscaloosa i miss you ): #please URL 
the fact that i'm not going to be home to see dans game is like making me so upset 😔 
when i say i'm okay 90% of the time , i'm really not .. & right now i'm definitely not okay . </3 
i can't believe i'm gonna miss the notebook special edition tonight . 😞 
regretting him was like wishing you never found out that love could be that strong 💔 
USERNAME actually no it has no purpose i hate it . 😔 
USERNAME yeah for real ! otherwise your room is going to stiink :( 
USERNAME we were gonna hangout today . but i guess not . jerk . :( 
USERNAME i know right ! i miss those gauges they where 2g to . #fml 
USERNAME 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 holyy pleasee don't tell me that 😢 😢 😢 😢 😩😩😩😩😩😩 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 
“USERNAME edc is over josh , it's over #letitgo lol USERNAME i know 😔 it's so hard . hahah 
work all day . cant wait to ditch this place and everyone in it . #smh #fml 
i feel like i'm a disappointment to my race ... i know nothing about soccer 😧 😔 
USERNAME me too ! ! my fave ex & his fam used to shop there . it had a solid selection & a lot of local made goods . i miss it :( 
i have a shit load of homework that i really don't feel like doing . :( 
USERNAME someone said the edm qb's foot is going the wrong way :( 
USERNAME they don't wanna see your face 😔 sorry to be the one to tell you .. 
USERNAME wow ! ! i'm sad i didn't know 😔 👊💢 
go #bengals i bet USERNAME wish he was apart that action :-( 
its been too cold ! its gunna be a while til ima be able to wear my new shorts :( URL 
i honestly dont wanna study for my test or do my homework :( 
feel like shit , not feelin anything at all today :( #sick #missingsomeone . 
so sad that patio isnt open , entire reason we came here :-( (@ the black pig w/ 2 others) URL 
USERNAME 😢 😢 😢 of course i doo ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME put da thing on youtube i wanna see :( 
that was clutch tho #run #hide #accomplish 😔 👌 USERNAME USERNAME 
i can't even watch giuliana & bill bc i get depressed that i'm not married to bill 😢 😩 💔 
i would like to apologize to anyone who saw me belligerently drunk last night . 😔 
holy shit my ass looks huge in these pants 😬 😧 
i actually bought it .... 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME same with me he wwas following me but not anymore :c 
USERNAME i'm at my daddy's :( do you work tom ? ? ? 
milk have me like 👉 😖 😥 🚽 all damn day smh 
wish the storm wouldn't knock my tv out . :( i was enjoying my movie ! 
USERNAME once you fuck it up with him , its done . i'd know . he gives no more chances . sorry boo 😔 😘 
USERNAME in thought so as well . i guess he chose to leave early . 😔 
watching the music video of #pefect from USERNAME i miss it :( USERNAME USERNAME 
i like this .. mind blown . promo 2012 (science channel ): URL via USERNAME 
rt USERNAME suarez scores and turns around to celebrate only to find no friends :( URL 
trebek-ing(v ): being so over being the only correct/fly person in the room that you are subtly snarky&quick to check people . like alex trebek 
i’m so behind on twitter it’s pathetic . and i can’t catch up , just keeps coming :( 
USERNAME wat . he's supposed to only think that about me </3 
“USERNAME breaking news: #elimanning throws pic , looks as if someone told him santa isn't real . :( USERNAME #manningface 
USERNAME 😧 😟 no brian .. it's ❤ okk ? 😘 😘 😘 😁 i was joking . everyone seriously wants you 
USERNAME dang :( my book bag is in your moms car ! i can just get it tuesday morning 
washed and cleaned my car and now studying for exam 2 in peds ... gotta kick this one's butt ! ! ! 📖📚📖📚 😣 
kev won't buy me the iphone :( ((((( and he's mad at me :( ((( 
USERNAME i know that is how i felt last year :( 
i'm really craving döner right now .. #missinggermany 😢 😖 
laundry :( only way to do it is to look goofy in the midst of it . @ le tourneau hall - toccoa falls college URL 
USERNAME the notebook is on tonight , remeber when we would watch it over & over again ? ): 
poor sammy still has 12 more to go . :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #justfinishthecase 
i don't wana be here for thanksgiving 😔 i'd rather be w my family . 
watching ghost shows alone is never a good idea 😢 👻 
last night got real ducking wild , i'm so sad it's over 😔 
USERNAME damn i never was good at follwing directions :-( 
it hurts cause he might be moving on :-( . 
USERNAME awe man & i was going to text you ): 
USERNAME so all i see is me reaponding so if you dont get these lol :( 
USERNAME i'm going to haileys ! lol i've had the plans since last week . sowweey :( 
watching all the keeks you made .. i miss you doing them .. 💔 USERNAME #followmeprettypleasewithanaustinmahondontopmakeawishcometrue ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ 
best friend left . #heartbroken #cantstopcrying . really could use some cheering up . 💔 
USERNAME i see we are on the same ice flow . have a coke and a smile dammit :( 
gonna knock this paper out before i spend my night at arby's :( 
😳 😔 rt USERNAME i’m so fuckin serious we don’t need twitter for this shit i live in new britain i will get you the address if need be . 
USERNAME USERNAME ahh :( well the movies you'll be there so yay ! 
nothing sucks more than when your sister is mad at you or yells at you .. 😢 USERNAME 
justin was tweeting about me and my friend the other night ! i swear because we kept tweeting him . but he deleted the tweets :( 
xtina is getting shaded at this bar :-( lol #yourbody is turned down low as hell 
i'm sad 😔 that USERNAME can't come cause the mall is about to close soon poop it she is still coming to my house friday 
daang , at the party last night their was a fight i missed it :c sad stoory . 
think i'm ready go back to sleep . i feel horrible :( 
rt USERNAME #kickstarter launches are up 50% in the last six months (with charts ): URL (via USERNAME #crowdfunding 
USERNAME they said no ): and try again i was outside so my wifi was messed up :/ 
roomie wine night this week ? or something of the sort ? USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i don't see enough of you guys ! :( 
*talking to my twin sister* me: my eye hurts so bad ... kiara: wtf you telling me for , i'm not a damn doctor . smh i see who cares . wow . 💔 
USERNAME :( like i don't even know anymore . but even justin asks cuz he is starying to open up a little more and i'm just like :'( 
USERNAME it is ! 😔 they don't even use real crab haha . 
USERNAME your always blaming me ! it was brycee :( 
i can't even be happy about being mean to sledge . ): i'm just down today ..... 
i can't find mr . kitty ! ! ! ): 
USERNAME idk why she's grounded , but she is :( 
i don't know bout the rest ya'll but o surely do miss USERNAME tweets ! #depressed #lost #hope your enjoyn the beach byiatch #lol 
the dolphins are not going to beat the titans no way not going to happen sorry dolphin fans :( but the titans got this 
playing wrestling games cuz i don't have halo 4 d: #sadtweet 
baby jackson has not cried for a while .... is my parenting experience over ? :( did my last day with him end ? #kindaheartbroken #alittlelost 
i wish hardee's had visors . 😔 with my natural hair growing , this cap is matting down my hair and its gonna cause it to not grow right . 😩 
not seeing USERNAME as much as i want to is putting a strain on our relationship 😔 #istilloveyou 
USERNAME omg i'm never leaving and i'm coming over now . i'm gonna miss you too much 😩 😰 😢 
i hate wearing indian dresses 😣 too much work to get ready & so uncomfortable #fugit 
USERNAME yeah 😔 i need all the help i can get 
USERNAME dawgs or bulldogs ... #cantdecide ): #need to get in first ... lol 
why are all the sad movies on today ? ! first the green mile now charlie st . cloud 😥 😭 
i miss you more than you'll ever know . 💔 
this is so freakin sad ! why do people do stuff like this 😔 😷 😢 
titans blowing a team out has brightened my day , not much though 😔 
had my phone for less than two months and already cracked my screen . #fml 
USERNAME i miss u :( how bout kstate ! ! ! ? ? ! ? 
#myboyfriend is ... oh wait i don't have one :( 
i'm so exhausted . all i want to do is sleep all day . -__- working out before work yesterday was the dumbest idea ever . :( 
looks like no car for a couple days :( 😪😩 
all i want to do today is cuddle under a blanket watching movies ... but i have to study instead :( #whydoiprocrastinate 
USERNAME more pics .. but the one person i didnt meet was you;/ </3 URL 
USERNAME noo ya no ! pero quedaron campeones los dos :( 
laying in bed , looking at all of the food people are uploading on instagram 😕 #depressing #hungry 
USERNAME that's life though ..... lol i kid i kid . yeah we had good times 😔 
can't move my back . stuck sideways on my bed #fml 
USERNAME hahahaha . idk how you have the balls to punch a girl 😔 
when your best friend is mad at you , & won't talk to you or tell you exactly why he's mad <<< ): 
sister here but my niece is not wit her :( 
won't lie , knowing that #jelena is over kinda sucks big time ... it's kills me 😭 i really hope USERNAME get back together ! 💜 
so my phone has been broken for about a week . sowwy for no tweets :( 
long ass morning going to church with the lil cousin brady #annoyedasfuck #headache yo :( 
USERNAME oh my .. that love seat was way too small for me 😔 
USERNAME too bad i'm about to blow it out when the giants lose :-( 
USERNAME yea becuz you don't txt me anymore 😱 😭 
USERNAME no , i lost my best bud yesterday :c .... 
USERNAME wahh 😭 ill be there next week with you ! 
USERNAME that one's not a bad though . i do have a really counterintuitive one about pattern matching that won't fit in a tweet :( 
i love and miss my big sissy USERNAME soo much ! 💔 😔 ❤ 
USERNAME u just hurt my feelings when u said screw me :( ! n i see belly fat ! lol 
this paper is so close to being done ! now only 2 more to go ..... 😔 
that soup did not make me feel better . 😥 
imiss talking to him </3 i'm not gonna lie . 
just got rid of all of my justice/limited too attire . #bittersweet #byebyechildhood 😥 
work :( (@ residence inn charlotte university research park) URL 
USERNAME my phone was dead . i got into town at 1230 and didn't have a way of seeing where everyone was :( 
USERNAME damn straight ! i haven't been to florida since i was like 4 😔 
USERNAME is a bad best friend . he hasn't replied to my text> :( 
i can't believe what i've just done ... i have a snapchat 😁 😔 😣 😳 
when my cousin ashley gets here i'm kid napping her for at least 8 hours i miss her :( 
USERNAME i've seen the sabres goalie one in 88 or 89 :( on tv 
USERNAME damn :( looks like imma be illegally strapped till i hit 21 
but it's not as easy as it used to be 😔 💔 
just printed pictures to send to my love .. i miss you so much angel luis raya 3 weeks today since i last saw him :( 
:( rt USERNAME i am not getting sick . i am not getting sick . i am not getting sick . i am not getting sick . i am not getting sick . 
smh why ? ? ? ? 😭 😭 😭 @ newark , nj URL 
ap chem , ap english and now act homework . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME sorry i just wake up 10 minutes ago :( i was so tired please dont hate me , im just a human with mistakes :( 
USERNAME actually jealous im in the diocese of west texas :( #toofarfromcampallen #dontevenhavebishopdoyle :( 
i don't like that i'm gonna be gone all break though 😔 
i still haven't put the sheets back on my bed 😭 
USERNAME no you weren't . :( . i've been good man . just making it . 
USERNAME me too ! i asked my mom if i could stay home from school to watch it . she said no . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME this is the best i can do ❤ :( 
audio :c onversacion hermana del #disidente angel santiesteban prats preso en #cuba URL #fidel #habana #espana #olarepresiva 
one of the worst days of my life :( #yea 
i feel like i lost my family member . 😞 
my brother's in the navy . he risks his life everyday . i don't know what i would do if i lostt him </3 
my mom just sent me a pic of her sunday dinner :( 
USERNAME lol that's cuz you never answer ! ! ! ! 😭 
honestly just so meh . all i wanna do is lie in bed , mope around and do nothing . :( 
USERNAME thanks bby 😘 i forgot y'all won't be there 😭 
the world is ending in 40 days . 😭 😭 🌞❌🔥🔥🔥 USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i'm trying to watch your stream but my signal is too poor ! :( 
and ... my bus decides to stop at a gas station in jersey to switch drivers .... my fucking luck . expecting an extra hour delay -.- #fml #wtfh 
it's never going to be the same without jim . :( 
my brother said i have four thighs . :( #rude 
i want brownie pops .. now ! USERNAME where are you ? 😭 💔 
i wish houdini would come back upstairs 😭 #depressed USERNAME 
it's so nice out 😁 too bad i have nothing exciting to do 😔 😒 
please answer the phone , i need my stuff :( 
going stir crazy with no one to save me :( #sicklife 
honestly the hardest choice i have had to make .. not playing club volleyball is really going to kill me :[ [ 
man , i was a dickhead to the wrong person last night . 😢 #pleaseforgiveme 
is anyone gonna fucking call me & see if im hungry or wtf ! >.< #fuckedupfamily :( 
too often when my family comes to town they leave the house without telling me #whataboutme ? 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i know he truly does not care ... i guess many were fooled by wishful thinking :( 
of course i would have to work when the bears game and walking dead is on ): 
my head is spinning and i'm losing my mind . :'( 
USERNAME my mommy told me i was going too . 😔 
USERNAME i was looking on your work's site and they don't sell mugs :( #inneedofnewmug 
it is so hard to hang out with my sister when she is so bad at pop culture 😞 
just playing super smash brothers seeing that my giants are losing :( could this day get any worse ? 
cannot stand life without hockey ... i need to see all of my babies fucking get in trouble and penalized on da ice before i snap . :( 
here's a video of me trying to play 'knights' by USERNAME on a guitar 😣 URL 
can not believe i actually just ran over and killed a squirrel ! ! omg :( it was alive then it just wasn't . that was awful . rip little guy 
i'm starving and the only thing around me is pew workout samples and protein bars :( i need a mans meal . where's a steak when i need one ? 
no matter what i say ... i still love you . 😔 
if USERNAME and USERNAME don't come cuddle with me i'll cry 😭 
USERNAME i love you too ! i miss you already 😭 
USERNAME since you been gone , i can't breath for the first time .. :( x factor isn't the same without the true star . #teamdavidcorrey 
somone onw send me the live link ! :( #mtvemas 
USERNAME meant last game i saw w/48 ravens pts . they did score 48 lions in '09. i missed that game though :( 
USERNAME i was at a friends 😔 missed you too :/ 
why am i watching #charliestcloud , i'm gonna cry ): 
picked up some german mustard and soups and other things . i miss my oma :'( (@ karl's sausage kitchen) URL 
the thought of going back to eugene .... 😭 please lord no 
USERNAME USERNAME i need to work on my peacock chest 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME but so do my phins . today especially . :( 
awh so sad USERNAME and i are missing out on gramps bday party we just called them and the whole fam talked to us #missthem #bestfam #sad 😭 
USERNAME i just went there and u wasnt there ! ! ! ! -__- :( 
USERNAME awee ): i forgot ! ! ! ! ! we can do something again on wednesday ill bring somethin in 
she said i was cussing and screaming at her 😔 #wtf #cantremember 
freshmans in soccer this year are so lame tho , they dont know how to have fun :( 
i hate showering in cold water but it is the only thing left til house renovations are completed #fml #patientlywaiting 
there is some weird ass lady at our table 😧 😳 
it's supposed to snow tomorrow night :( wtf ! ! 
USERNAME cuz , mann , i miss yhu . ! ! :'( 
USERNAME oh . i didn't know dat ! ! ! ! but ok ... yayy ! ! i miss youu :( 
USERNAME what was it ? 😞 i hate missing church for lame things . 
USERNAME done now . i can't update my operating system . :( 
i miss USERNAME with all my heart </3 . ! come home now . ! <3 
it was going to be a fun day at work , until i realized i worked with the new manager . #fml 
i love my coworkers 😊 i'm gna miss the shit outta them 😿 
USERNAME i havent seen u in a week and a half :( 
USERNAME austin follow me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! follow me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ill do anything ! ! ! ! ! ! please follow me 😔 
USERNAME #depressionstate 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😥 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 
brb , going to die in bed . #sick :( 
USERNAME USERNAME excuse me i only let you borrow her ! ! give her back 😫😫 😭 😭 😭 😩😫😫 ! 
i know a lot of people that are getting divorced . makes me so sad . :( 
... and we come back from commercial & we're under caution :( #nascar #espn 
my bottom half lost all its color since i've been wearing bottoms 😔 
i absolutely hate seeing couples out it reminds me how alone i am 😔 #singleforlife 
USERNAME it's at my friends house out at school 😞 
don't know if it is true but the news said selena dumped justin :( ((( 
w . e ... i think i'm done for today now that i feel really stupid .. sigh .. :-/ i wish i could go back in time and be who i used to be .. 😢 :'-( 
bronchitis and asthma is driving me crazy . :( (@ first med) URL 
USERNAME :( how have you been ? we havve to hangout ! 
why we do this to one another .. i have no idea . 😞 
:'( <\3 i'm freaking out ;; at the point of anxiety ' church got to me . 
USERNAME USERNAME the healthcare act seems to be hard to find :-( or i'm not doing the right search 
USERNAME i'll try 😢 i had a hard time the past week .. 
how can this be happening to me ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? :'( 
i'd rather stay home on this beautiful sunday to study the night away than go to work :( #confessionnight 
why do i have such fucked up teachers > :( 
why couldn't my dad have gotten a yellow camaro with black stripes instead of a red one . it could have been bumble bee from transformers 😔 
if that was tom brady , he would've ran to bellichek and bawled in his arms 😭 
USERNAME that never happens to me 😔 my butt is always big when i wake up though ! 
math crash was extremely lacking in everything that i thought it would be ... USERNAME #sadtweet 
USERNAME i miss you too ! i can't believe you left me ! )))) ): 
going through all of this stuff makes me wanna cry . 😥 
USERNAME :( love you shawnie let me know if you need anything . send me a number where i can reach your mom . 
dios santoo :( se me perdiioo la cadena de ooro k me regalo mi papa de cumple a;oo :( grr; 
i've been dating someone who doesn't know who #djfunk is . #fml #chicago #bootyhouse anthems 4 breakfast . 
why did angela leave mee :( work sucks when she isn't here . #dying 
that was the bomb nap . i feel like i'm going to puke though . 😔 
you don't even care . i should be upset and i'm not . you're not even sorry . 😔 
USERNAME i thought u were out at 4 ? ! now i'm not gonna be able to see u before i leave :( 
i don't wanna grow up i just want everyone to stay in love and be happy and young 😔 
USERNAME i balled my eyes out when i watched it . ): 
USERNAME bahaha yeah i'm here just looking at books lol no red carpet :'( 
USERNAME i don't have sunday ticket so i couldn't watch it :'( 
USERNAME you still haven't come to see me :( not fair . and what about your job ? 
but why does the weekend have to be over ? 😢 
USERNAME ahh yess ! why is zac efron so adorable ? 😭 
i already miss my boyfriend and i just got home #sadtweet 
hitler never tweets back at me . i just wanna know if he knew anne frank personally . 😔 
i'm not going to get to see the walking dead tonight :( #stupidbasketball 
USERNAME they donate money to the israeli military which means killing innocent palestinians ! :'( 
can't believe i missed his phone call ! ! ! </3 
USERNAME truee . but now i'm gonna be so not caught up . 😭 
be nice to me like how you were when we met ? :( 
haven't talked to my bestie in a couple days 😿 
cam has got sack 5 times today ! ! ! 😲 👎 😱 😣 
i miss USERNAME :( can you please come back soon ... i need girl time . i'm all alone :( 
all these dogs are making me wanna cry ... i miss my puppy 😖 😢 😞 
USERNAME we had family time when you wee here ! but you made more time for friends than family 😔 
i have this annoying cough but i don't feel sick . #wtf #fml 😢 
USERNAME common .. now who am i gunna tell all my problems to #sadtweet #depressing 
whyy . pick us up to throw us right back down . 😭 
#fml i've been dating someone that doesn't even know who #djfunk is . i eat #chicago #bootyhouse for breakfast , #wtf ? ! 
putting my volleyball stuff away has to be one of the hardest things i've done ! :( 
USERNAME lol you're going to win , i can't possibly expect to win when my qb is playing like ass :-( 
this hurts way more than i thought it actually would :'( 
these antibiotics better kick in soon 😷😩😫 😖 😔 😞 😣 
-imma miss my cuzins when da leave ! :( :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yep and looking bad ! wish it wasn't the same for my dolphins :( 
USERNAME not pictured .... stephanie pietrowicz , natasha abushaban . 💔 
it's only 240 but it feels like 8 😭 😴 
this is a monumental moment ! i only work one day this week 🙏🙏🙏 but my paycheck for black friday is gonna be a horrid sight 😔 
about to get back on the road 😣 😢 😢 
my puppy loves me for 5 minutes then she gets bored and leaves :c 
i seriously have no words to describe how i am feeling . i just wanna get in my car and drive away 😞 🚗 
i really need to start being nice to my boyfriend :( 
my bae going to the fair without me :( im going to sleep bbl . 
i really should be out enjoying this weather but i can't even do it because of how exhausted i am from work . legit don't even wanna move . 😥 
titans you suck ass why did you win ? miami what happened ? 😔 
five guys , good but such heavy food . 😫 😭 
cold front is rumbling through now . clouds are thickening and temps are dropping . closing windows :( 
why do the little pussy cuts hurt more than the big nasty ones its stupid :( 
the feel when you at $570.15 for tuition monthly <<<< i coulda bought fun stuff :( 
ugh ima miss him when he leaves me :( ( 
omg , dont tell me your on that kid shi t.t oo ? 
it's never easy saying bye to USERNAME 😢 😢 😢 it's a tease every weekend ! 
wiped out-ripped a hole in my jeans , scuffed my new boots , broke my tennis racket and cut my hand . graceful .. still salty about my boots 👎 😭 
man i really need to make some friends . #sadtweet 
USERNAME :( fingers crossed . i also hope it gets to the bottom of whatever’s been dragging on you . 
can't wait eat this food🍴 #starving 😣 smellin it got my mouth watering 👅 
rt USERNAME i be wanting to give up on life sometimes 😔 
"USERNAME una discapacitada muere por falta de cuidados tras fallecer su madre URL :( ((((( 
i've always wanted a hugge bear :( just saw the biggest bear ever URL 
this is how i'm feeling 😔 ice cream & netflix - @ my cave URL 
USERNAME i get in my car after work and starts blasting . it's a sign ! :( 
i'm bored ! ! ! ! ! :( soo bored ! ! ! ! :( :( :( 
❤ #adventureclub #dub #houston 🌟 #nightculture #edm 🎶 #riseandfall 💔 @ stereo live URL 
USERNAME :( who am i suppose to go pro with . 
USERNAME home in sp , i heard i missed out :( ( 
USERNAME USERNAME maybe we will a little later . i have tons of laundry to do :( sorry ali browne 
i hate when u find something hilarious but only one person would get it and u can't tell them because u don't even talk anymore ... 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME 😣 that car was different & i did that in like ten minutes lol . 
too bad i got this report due ... #studentproblems #schoolprobz #fml 
“USERNAME i haven't talked to my bestfriend in like 2 days ! 😞 USERNAME 😕 
wish my bestfriend had a phone she needs to get a new one 😞 
some guy is smoking a blunt next to me at the bus stop . oh how i wish i had one lol :/ #sadtweet 
just gonna sit here and cry to charlie st . cloud 😢 😭 
USERNAME i wish :( my mom won't let me sniff sniff 
i hate this feeling of not being hungry but wanting to eat like a pig . and im not coming down from the level . im just in the mood to eat . :( 
looks like i'm going to have to find a new select team to play for 😞 😔 😥 
family business x kanye west reminds me of my grandaddy 🙏 💛 💙 liv-v 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i just want to be included ): 
thank you , USERNAME & USERNAME for the rt . the girl is missing from a town bordering ft . stewart :( 
USERNAME lol this is going to be a disaster :( 
"USERNAME just waking up . 😞 URL like a boss . ha 
why u didn't try smash off a smash thre :( 
daddy wants to get a husky 💙 🙊 😭 💙 
doing laundry sucks ... eh ? USERNAME :( i hate it but it's good quality time lol . 
USERNAME już riri straciła dwie nominacje , jeszcze tylko pięć :c wgl jest ona na tej gali ? o , o 
USERNAME i miss you too ...... 👎 😱 😥 😥 
on one hand i can't wait to grow up , and on the other hand i never wanna grow up 😔 
USERNAME the new lodge crew is no lgod it makes me upset :( 
USERNAME dude it was mad fun , i wish you could have played with us :( . #youreanallstarinmybook #notacademic 😉 
USERNAME i know ! ! #fantasyfootball :( that & starting stafford over 35 pointer flacco not the business . 
USERNAME oh noo drake found a girl 😞 😔 😣 #sadday ! 
USERNAME as with most movies , looking forward to the video release . :-( 
i hate my fast metabolism when i go out to eat 😣 
just a regular day . ready to go out with teanna for a bit . wishing i was with my baee USERNAME :'( URL 
i need a shower cause i smell like campfire . 😣 
thinking all love ever does is break and burn and end ... # </3 
i give up on the dolphins . at least for today :-( 
USERNAME are you home yet ? i need you . :( 
it's so weird that most of my exes are all happy and in cute relationships .... then you look at me over here single and lonely #sadtweet 
USERNAME i'd bring u but i can't drive :'( ( 
today is just not my day at all 😕 😞 😔 
thank god . :( fuck “USERNAME well ... at least everyone is safe . URL 
USERNAME USERNAME in southington cleaning 😞 wehh i miss you 
USERNAME yeah and i have to study for a test tomorrow . das gonna be hard with the game on . :( 
none of my followers ever talk to me . :c #foreveralone 
he threw me off the couch thenn droped USERNAME on me :( 
USERNAME sowwy .. 😔 you should be able to whip it up real quick chef boyardee ! 
great , im gonna be all myself all day :( 
everyone is uploading bad pics of me and my swollen ass face :( 
USERNAME well i'm grounded from my car currently /= #fml 
phillip rivers is garbage . making my team look bad . 😔 ⚡ 
tearing up like a baby right now at charlie st . cloud 😢 
USERNAME right ? lol but you can get it free 😞 
USERNAME dont be sadd 😞 have you found out what it is ? 😊 🍼 
USERNAME but i want it relight meow ! :( lol 
please tell me why my roommate leaves on movies that make me cry 😢 😩 USERNAME 
😒 😔 rt USERNAME strip sack for the #bengals . they are just pouring it on the #giants right now . 
what a great day to take a nap ! ! to bad i'm at work :( 
being sick at your stomach on a four hour drive home <<< 😔 😣 😷 
how did i get so old so quick ? :( 
i hate thinking about or seeing n e thing about car wrecks :( 
from the train ride earlier… damn ! no don draper :( URL 
USERNAME it’s scary how much you have to keep working on it , just to maintain , it’s it ? :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME oh ok well miss u love u 😔 
just wanna put a bullet in my head and call it a life . 😔 
USERNAME i did that the other day :( yes , i made it to new york safely haha . see you tomorrow ! 
foursquare not working on my phone is making me seem like such a home body this weekend :'( 
and it's crazy cause i just had a dream about big cue last night i miss him so much :( 
i'm too tired for all this ! 😒 😞 😴💤 
exhaustion is a huge understatement , about six more hours left to go ! #fuckmylife 
i . am . so . bored . :'( #someoneentertainme 
😒 😔 rt USERNAME strip sack for the #bengals . they are just pouring it on the #giants right now . 
just a few months ago all i wanted was to leave but now i realize that leaving my home is gonna be the hardest thing i'll ever have to do 💔 
it's days like today that make me wish i had boyfriend 😔 
charlie st . cloud 😥 😢 😭 i didn't know this was gonna be so sad ! i'm hoping this movie gets a lot happier ! 
sick :( ( can someone bring me cinnamon roll french toast to bed ? 😊 
USERNAME omg i'm sad i didn't see him :( i'm working right now too 
i just want someone to throw a party ... a halo 4 party with no alcohol , just halo 4, oh and halo 4. #ps3loserhere 😢 
USERNAME is moving out and it's the worst day of my life :( 
just got a huge headache ! ! ! ! ! ): 
USERNAME aww , bless . :( hope petzl gets well soon ! 
noone to talk to :( since USERNAME doesnt like txting back 
call my room phone ^____^ it gets lonely in here and my pain wont let me sleep :-( meds not til 2hours ...... 
having to actually go work out ... 😔 #rehabprobs #nomotivation 
my dad just asked , when we wanna go get pruthas michael kors or marc jacobs watch ? she really getting a reward for being in poland ? 😧 #notfair 
mis falcons van a perder después de 8 juegos perfectos :c 
i am the worlds biggest procrastinator ! i sleep in so late ! and get nothing done :( 
it doesn't even feel like my birthday is in a week 😳 😳 😭 
when you don't text back , it makes me wonder what you're doing . even though i trust you , i don't trust other people . 😔 
awkward moment when you want chick-fil-a and realize its sunday :( 
the vow is so sad/: i cry through your the whole thing :( 
im going to miss my bestiee USERNAME since i'm not gone be at school for a week . :( 
watching charlie st . cloud and balling my eyes out . #merp 😭 😭 😭 😭 
mta should really try to find a dome for the next game so we don't have to play in the snow :( #frostbite ❄ 
USERNAME :( sudden feels . no rhyme or reason , just there . (hug). 
i feel useless here i want my crew back ! ! i can't protect them from here wahh :( 
the green mile 💚 💚 my fav . movie 😢 
being at this dance recital <<<<< #crying #imissdance 😢 💃👯 
i seriously have no clue as to how i'm going to make this paper 8-10 pages #stressed 😣 
idk why i parked by forever 21 if i'm gonna want to buy everything once i walk in . :( 
USERNAME i'm watching it too ! :'( love this movie ! 
so fucking nervous . i have a chance to get kristi back and im messaging her like crazy cuz im so stressed . ik how she feels now :( 
riding with USERNAME for the first time ... 😬😬 😨 😥 
spending my entire day at this field because i don't want this season to end 😥 #soccer @ somers high school URL 
i miss my old laptop cuz of the dope batman sticker i had on it 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( i really hope she's joking . d: 
USERNAME USERNAME daltons on my bench , smoking my giants . :( 
is USERNAME still mad at me 😭 😭 😭 😪 😥 😰 😅 😓 😩😫 😨 😱 
why can't the chargers just have a great season already 😔 
USERNAME i know i didn't want to go out last night :( #sadtweet 
you think that everybody is in love with you when actually everyone hates you . #meangirls #buttrue 😔 #pooryou 
wanna go home get my laundry done and get rid of this headache :'( 
so he calls me up & he's like i still love you & i'm like this is exhausting ya know . like we are never getting back together . like ever . 💔 
USERNAME i am beyond jealous , i wanna come see :( 
USERNAME i'm so sorry for your loss :( let me know if you want to talk i've been down this road before and it's not an easy one alone 
el nacional :c omisión #interamericana de #derechoshumanos exige a #cuba protección para #yoanis ánchez URL #habana #espana 
green mile is soo sad 😪 😥 😰 😓 😢 😩😫 😨 😱 
#charliest . cloud 😭 😭 😭 😭 within the first 15 minutes hysterically crying #sosad 
USERNAME oh man that sucks ! i hope she feels better soon :( 
oh lord daniel n xavier kno how to get under my skin > :( 
work til close :( USERNAME i found ur credit card i have it with me ill drop it off after 
taking a nap before my night of studying 😭 🔫 
i'm bored . but , can't drive cause i've been taking vicodin . someone come chill with me . :( 
omfg . they would have all the cute shit when i'm broke . fuck you . :( 
i can't take it when my mom cries 💔 especially if i can't be there for her 
i miss my car i don't like driving my dads :( 
USERNAME oh yea , them tortilla chips that's rolled up . & mann u lucky ! :( 
USERNAME i miss you more :( i have soo much to tell you ! ! ! 
nobody loves me , gettin hit w/ irons n shitt 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME i just checked on the little blue calender , the 16th is a pa day :( 
he hates me 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i'm sorry 💜 💙 USERNAME URL 
charlie st . cloud = 😔 😞 😨 😱 😩😫😪 😭 
i have a bad headache now ! ? ? ? 😞 
USERNAME and USERNAME bottom two ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! what the hell ? ? ? :( 
oh ma gawd the poor horses :( that's animal cruelty ! o:< 
please dont just call me send me a text first goddamn ! ! 😾 😖 
being up for thirty-two hours straight is starting to take its toll on me 😔 
i don't know what to get my 2 best friends for christmas 😞 they have everything 😐 
i wanna cuddle , but my boyfriend won't stop playing halo 😞 #firstworldprobs 
starting my sunday out by applying for a third job . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME what why y'all get mad do i have to over there and crack skulls and mama no you didn't :( 
USERNAME i know :( glad went already . wish i could talked to you more 
it's sad i can actually eat all of this 😔 *sigh URL 
USERNAME holy fuck yes ! aghh i miss him so muuch ! 😭 i used to sit on the counter and plug in my ipod and blast weird music . lol 
USERNAME wow :-( have u taken lex & jordan to disneyland before ? ? ? 
USERNAME omfg i was projected to the other side of my room . i hate you . fuck you . :( 
people with shitty dispositions who can't handle waiting in line should go to mcdonalds or burger king . a little of you goes a long way . :-( 
USERNAME i can't help i was tired . 😔 #meanass 
USERNAME did an outstanding job this week on #days totally broke my heart to watch . poor nicole can't catch a break :-( 
USERNAME wah , we need to hang out asap forreal , we always say we're gonna hangout but w never do :( 
someone shoot me a text , anyone . i'm bored out of my mind 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME you can actually generalize that idea with löb's paradox (a . k . a . spreadsheet combinator ): fix (ap sequence) 
USERNAME i don't have an iphone :( i don't c it lol 
USERNAME yess , but you're school is in dc ! :( 
way too nice outside to be going to work #depressing 
my dog ran away . i ain't got nobody to cuddle wiff . :( 
these are the days where i wish i had a boy to let me complain to about how sick i feel 😩 💔 #singlegirlproblems #sinusprobs 
i got home like 4 hours ago just thinking about it smh 😔 
i hate leaving family after an awesome weekend at home :( #loveyouall 
USERNAME why can't you just be in miami all the time :'( i get plunged into such a deep despair without you :( 
why do shaving cuts bleed and bleed and bleed ! ! 😫 😢 
all we need now is a pats fumble to round out the day :( 
all these good movies are on but idk which one to watch :( 
is there a link on the computer to watch this i have no tv . 😞 
USERNAME psh . you don’t even want to hang out with me when i come home… 😔 
i hate watching the notebook because guys are definitely not like that these days ! ! 😩👎 💔 
meeting my parents in st augustine florida then back to ga :( 
ever had your heart broken by a text ? 💔 
i'm so tired of working & not having money left 😞 
two tests tomorrow . 😞 #studystudystudy @ cross hall URL 
USERNAME tried to use a valpak digital coupon at location in flemington nj and was rebuffed ! i was told . :( 
i dont wanna be #teamdroid i wanna be #teamiphone :( 
got a little too out there last night #stillfeelingit 😔 
i'm getting too old to be drinking like this . 😣 😳 😵 
USERNAME USERNAME dint judge me ! ! ! ! :( 
my roommate won't let me hold her hand in the car #sadtweet 
USERNAME awesome book ... missed you at church though ! ! :( 
what to do after graduation ? decisions decisions . #noplans #lost 😣 
when i don't get my way i get mad asl or cry :'( 
i'm going to loose alot of weight because of these braces ): 
oh . yeah . :-( rt USERNAME i feel like i just watched alabama do this drive 
forcing myself to run on the treadmill for an hour . if you don't hear from me again , it was nice tweeting with you all ! 😞 
allergies or sick ? either way i feel like crap 😔 
USERNAME agreed- i just want my game back :( #bastards 
i can't use my bbw or vs body wash .... its braking me out :( 
USERNAME what happened ? ? :( i think the weather did that to you when we were out . :/ 
USERNAME yea boo , it's my wisdom tooth , has been killing me for 4 days now , and i haven't been able to eat or sleep right :( 
USERNAME USERNAME lol i didn't even do anything this weekend 😔 👎 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you love me & you cheating on me ? you just love the sex not me </3 say no more ]': 
USERNAME hahaha aww :( i saw youu walkingg up ! 
USERNAME noo thank god hahah i'm just really not used to driving it and the muffler is fucked up and i just want my car back 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME truee but i still got feelings for him but a hoe 4real 💔 
USERNAME when we performed at the cultural center yesterday i remembered last year during christmas you and i took the car pic </3 
this is a little bit of retweets :( retweet it more URL 
USERNAME yeah my house ended up getting paint balled after all that , & i had no idea what was going on ): 
USERNAME true dat sista- but it was my game :( #ratbastards 
nessa 49er ass gonna rt all those too smh :( 
if i don't see USERNAME in the next 24 hours . i will be one unhappy girl ! misshh her 😢 
my mama left me 😭 . i miss her . 
USERNAME i called his granny & she said i can't have her poo-poo 😔 
the fact that i can't drink any gatorade anymore <<<<<< :( #stupiddentist #gatoradeismyfav 
i hate having to work on sundays when everyone else is off 😢 
USERNAME ouch . just looked . for a second i thought maybe they had 55 :( 
USERNAME hahhaha but i'm dying ! ! maybe next weekend 😔 
hurtin as much as my phone is .... screen jus cracked on me :'( 
i miss you . i miss all the things we would do together .. i hate car accidents :( 
ill do anything to see my nigga again 😞 😔 
why did i do this to my self ! ! #fuckmylife 
USERNAME awe i have work on friday ! ! :( 
slept all day and still feel like shit . and it's about to turn dark outside soon #fml 
now time to attack my 8-10 page psych paper due friday #fml #collegeprobz 
not excited bein almost 9mos prego nd wantin to black friday shop 😔 😔 😔 2 bad they got good deals 4 my kids 
that knot in your throat when you think you are about to cry . and keep trying to swallow it . but it won't go away 😢 
USERNAME 😢 😭 what the fuck ! i haven't seen you in like a year 
who wants to let me come over and watch the walking dead tonight ... i need to watch last weeks as well :( 
this whole time i thought i needed at least 500 words for each question on the osu app .... nope only 100 max #fml 
me talking to myself has really become a problem ... 😔 
USERNAME i started eli in one of my leagues :( 
USERNAME and USERNAME why won't you two text me back ? ? love me ! 😭 😰 😫 
i'm jealous of everyone at the hawks game ... 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i called both of y'all to no avail . 😔 
ice is so good to coco .. i need a man like that ! 💜 ❤ 😞 
USERNAME i know ! almost too cruel to be true :( 
head hurts so bad , it feels like blood should be squirting from my eyes . i need a stress free break . so not going happen any time soon 😞 
page was not on the bus . 😵 😲 😦 😧 😬😬😬😬 😧 😟 😲 😵 omg # 
can't even think right now to do this studying . too much running through my mind . 😢 
no , district 3 is leaving ? :( i wasn't big on them but they were good ! 
i hate this day , swear to god . :( 
lost one of my work shoes and i have work today #fml 
USERNAME aww , i'm sorry :( it's soo exicting that your gonna go next year though . it will probably be incredible ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME 8 i'm pretty sure . watch it for mee . 😢 
USERNAME i know :/ but you win right ill leave your best friend alone 😢 
USERNAME yeah mine too and were all here ... 😔 😒 
got nail polish remover in my phone screen . 😭 😭 😭 😫 😡 
USERNAME i know ! :( i was looking for you ! 
sometimes too much happiness can be frightening , because sooner or later , it's bound to end . </3 
USERNAME its me ? i know it's me ill shut up ! sorry :( 
thank god he finally fell asleep ! now i can have a break from his yelling and chores . #peaceful 😔 👍 
USERNAME USERNAME i wanted to buy a watch tho :( lmao 
his going to the mall :( i'm gonna cry . 
i guess it was worth paying $30 for this iphone charger adapter 😭 😏 
heart is pretty heavy today . miss my girl sam . 💔 
it is our six months and i can't spend it with him .. :( #whyyougottawork #missyou #lonely USERNAME 
gonna miss cheer 😕 😢 senior year ! #cheer cheer competition all day 👯🎉👌 😊 ❤ @ cheer competition 👯 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME noo not the kid :-( what the fuck ! ! 
USERNAME this week is gonna go by so slowly knowing i leave here saturday . ): 
USERNAME about to 😔 yal pmo was on my way to mall n yal left 
USERNAME USERNAME :( noo ! then winter break for sure ! 
USERNAME i was suppose to work today and i didnt know :( and i cant go in now cause im at that coaching thing in edmonds ! 
when you wanna give someone a hug but can't<< #sucks 😢 
why is everyone saying its snowing ? ? ? #notokay i fucking hate cold weather ..... and snow ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME bro i be hungry . go ahead and go to the mall :( 
my man friend is leaving for qatar today 😭 -- may god keep him safe til he comes home ! 
USERNAME sam could you tweetif you are going to southhampton on wednesday please ? if youre not i might miss school for no reason :( ly x 
USERNAME USERNAME -___- i texted you ): okay well can we please hangout tonight , go see a movie or something ? i'm so bored 😭 
and then caitlin puked in his car . how funny is it now , mr . marine ? we didn't even stay for the free breakfast . :[ 
USERNAME sam could you tweetif you are going to southhampton on wednesday please ? if youre not i might miss school for no reason :( ly x x 
USERNAME just school and work :( ( are u gonna be home over christmas break ? me u and USERNAME need to hangout ! ! 
i can't find my periodic table ): ): ): ); ): ): ): 
they b like dey go die if ii sing . i didn't feel it today :( smh ! 
USERNAME loaf is an awkward word and no i didn't i fell asleep </3 
USERNAME yeah we do ! ! i texted him twice yesterday but he never answered me back :( did u to him at all ? 
USERNAME thankyou miss tracy ! ! hopefully it will go well and i will get it ! the broke college life is getting old lol ! 😔 
kejt qa msova per 1or osht titulli i qasaj poezie :( ( 
USERNAME oh lord , it was an adventure . i didn't even get a dance from the girl i liked :[ 
i need cake batter ice cream i'm so #misunderstood :-( 
USERNAME i knoow ! when she was sitting on matty's lap i felt sad for her i was like gasp ! :( (((( 
USERNAME my bad . :( twas nice to see you tho . 
i just wanna dye my hair dark brown ! but i can't 😔 😒 
USERNAME next time caleb goes ill let you know ! they went yesterday but i knew you wouldn't be able to 😞 
i'm not da lesbian type so this is gonna be a long wait ! 😞 
USERNAME yes they be giving you that big plate of ceviche . i stop too :( i always would go like every friday . 
i get my car next august . that's the end of the fucking summer 😔 
there's no snow in the forecast up till december :( 
i cant stay when people kill deers or any animal . #sadtweet . 
USERNAME i miss you :( let's kick it today ? 
USERNAME that's a lot , you better favorite them :( 
so not wanting to be at work ! 😢 😩 come see me and make my night better ! #delaneysfamilyrestaurant 
wow the celtics actually beat barcelona ... sad day :( 
580e @ grand (ala ): :e-580 congested el charro rd use sr84 alt rte (was: e-580 coongested) 
680n @ andrade (ala ): :e-580 congested el charro rd use sr84 alt rte (was: e-580 coongested) 
the people with the biggest hearts always suffer the most 😔 
USERNAME and you didn't tell me ! lol & that's his side girl i know who it was .. :( 
USERNAME ugh its a close game .. we got one last chance . i'm so nervous :( 
should i stay in the d , or move back to md 🙇 😔 😒 😣 
USERNAME yea same here lol i have been in a car all day :( 
u cn b on twitter but u cnt txt me wow ur real .... #bigd :( 
sunday evening live greyhound racing (all time's et ): bluffs run 5:00pm and tri state 7:00pm . 
i really want to see USERNAME tonight :( damn work meetings 
poor USERNAME and his #firenorv campaign . chargers just suck :( 
USERNAME okay lang ako sis . ikaw ba ? 2014 pa ako makakauwi , siguro . hays . :( 
it's daddy vistation day ! where is he playing golf at an airforce base ! :'( 
and after i say that they go 3 and out ... #fml 
smh rtUSERNAME can't believe i have to watch the niners and rams instead of the cowboys and eagles which is 😒 😔 
USERNAME im so jealous .. :( i was gonna ask my mom to take me and i know she would have but everyone in my house is sick so i didnt ! 
having a 28' waist is the worst . i can never find briefs in my size . 😔 
USERNAME ; i guess you just weren't meant to talk to me right now . ): 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm going ice skating and you guys aren't here 😢 
USERNAME you too good for me now ? 😞 #nosnapchats 
ew now it's ant farm i can't watch this it reminds me of my ex 😢 👎 
looks like i'll be taking bed bugs home with me from oakland ... #fml 
my ocd is threatening to end my no shave november early . #sadday 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME no , i miss this :( 
trying to figure out what i wanna put on today i bout ain't going no where , but i'm always dressed like i am 😔 😒 
USERNAME i might cry when i see you ... it's been three effin months ! ! ! ! #whatthefuck #ineedmyotherhalf 💔 
no more soccer for me . maybe like that all these stupid arguments will end </3 :'( 
i had a pretty good weekend just hate its almost over :( 
had so much fun this weekend . back to reality tomorrow morning . 😭 
wish lauren or my boyfriend was available to hang out with rite now 😔 
USERNAME 😿 😭 tomorrow will be a sad day :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i have work at 5 :( 
sundays are so empty without my steelers playing . 😞 
why must one math problem be so long :( URL 
USERNAME same & yeaa :( i was crying we had too 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME getting a little weepy out here in the twitterverse , too . :( .... 
USERNAME USERNAME y'all just pick on the small one . 😔 
USERNAME soo thursday ? op never mind your roommates are dicks :( 
i hate being ignored </3 especially when i don't deserve it 
that was the worst phone call to wake up to 😞 
USERNAME me too ! thanks for having me . i hate you ! i feel gross :( 
USERNAME truu && one out of 10 who have my new # :( 
USERNAME i voted for you multiple times & you still never notice me 😞 
USERNAME no wonder i still strive for perfection -.- it's cause i'll never be :( 
USERNAME but i leave for a week 😢 ughh . on monday were having a sleepover 
i feel like i haven't seen the adopted roommate in forever 👎 😭 USERNAME 
USERNAME did u watch it last night .. i wish we coulda seen it together :( 
just realized that storing all my emails in maildir format will put 800,000 files in one folder 😔 
really wish i didn't throw out my wing stop fries :( and my wings are at home 
USERNAME and you said i was grumpy you're just a negative person today #sadday 
USERNAME bitch stfu . if only you were black tho 😔 
esto de tener 19 años no es nada divertido :( 
haha ! ! ! ! idk how to approve these though 😔 i don't even deserve to own an iphone . URL 
i really hate being home alone , but i guess it's a good time for homework . 😔 #idrathernotthough #hurryupbabe 
noo ! falcons undefeated season comes to an end :( 
wow . the back of my iphone cracked heckka bad . 😢 😢 😢 😢 
so i go to jewel & buy pizza cause i was craving so bad & i put it in the oven & forget about it .. so it burned ... :( fml 
the #rockaway #boardwalk was here ... #hurricane #sandy took it :( your #help @ rockaway beach - 100th street URL 
my sunday consists of creating lesson-plans , play centers , writing up 3 long papers , and math homework . boy do i regret taking 6 classes 😞 🔫 
i'm really over this constantly being on my mind . i'm not used to it and never will be . 👎 😔 
what USERNAME just told me .. i don't even wanna have anything anymore 😔 😔 😔 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😭 
USERNAME oh u know i was jut looking forward to hanging with u and u just shot my dreams down :( 
USERNAME yea you should have ! ! oh evelyn why are you such a bad person :( 
flo rida butchers such good music . it is a shame that i find them through him , though . #irony 😥 
dang i cannot believe we just lost . 😥 😥 😥 😥 
USERNAME i kno and he comes n at 6 ) ): idk why but its just now hitting me how much i miss him 
can't believe they lose 😓 even on cruz's bday 😭 my poor baby ! 
actually my boyfriend does . but he's not here 😔 
USERNAME do u guys only follow and tweet ppl who have part of ur guys names ? ? ? :( 
damn .. USERNAME dont fuck with me nomore ... :( 
💔 💔 💔 💔 damn it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME #emawinonedirection my7 brother is telling me crap because i tell him im doing something important . what a #directionater > :( 
i'd rather dream about anything but you . so tired of the fact that whenever i close my eyes i see your face , so over it :( 
i gained cold symptoms literally over night . ughh 😿 
my mom said that baltimore players be looking dirty t.t 
falcons . giants . bama . one thing after another . today sucks . :( 
wtf is wrong with halo i can't play dominion :c 
this is a score they should have won by not lost by . #majordisappointment 😔 
USERNAME come and rescue USERNAME and i . pleeaasse ! will will pay ! :'( 
uhh i hate being at a dead stop on the interstate :( 
USERNAME because this world is retarded . #wahh 😩 😥 
okay i feel like complete shit and just wanna be home 😭 
i hate seeing my baby brother leave when my dad comes to pick them up . 😥 #breaksmyheart 💔 #lovehim 
blah #ihate when your having a fun weekend and that all quickly dies when you realize you lost a lot of your crap . lak;djsakjdf #fml ! 
eggo waffles are significantly smaller than what i remember from my childhood # :( 
omg my niece can tie her shoes ! :'( i'm gonna cry ! ! 
why did it have to end up like this 😔 😢 #ugh 
milas crib doesn't even fit through the doors 😔 😳 😩 
the fact that my babies gone be 2 in a couple of months<< they're growin up so fast 😢 
#shallwedance is on an i have to go to work 😭 
second day in a row he's left me for his friends .. maybe this is a hint of something ... 😞 😡 💔 
USERNAME possibly , i can't find my ipod .. ): 
USERNAME i know :( we just left without saying bye to anyone , we suck . lol next saturday ? 
my fantasy team is getting ass raped right now 😔 
why did it have to be to the saints 😡 😥 💔 
USERNAME if the gas tank wasn't on e i would doodski 😢 
USERNAME se for dia 16 n :( . chego dia 17 de madrugada :( 
USERNAME yet another racist bimbo . 😾 you guys don't do losing well at all . take a bottle of pills and go to sleep , forever ! 
that video was from the security cameras at de ja vu :( aww memories . 
i don't feel good . who got me sick ? :( 
too many flying missions . i don't wanna fly :( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 bet on some other ones ! 
USERNAME dammit ! i just saw your tweet now :( i woulda stopped by for a few minutes to say hayy ! #nexttime lol 
we're like fire and gasoline i'm no good for you , you're no good for me . we only bring each other tears and sorrow . 🎶 😣 
drinking was supposed to get my mind off of things but it , just made me realize that i miss USERNAME even more .. 😔 
i just wanna lay in bed on sundays 😔 who decided to make us meet at 4 ? i don't wanna get up 😪 
i wanna dye my hair dark brown again but idk if it'll look better 😔 
someone talk to me till 8& keep me occupied at work :( 
i ain't on his mind so why should he be on mine ? 😔 💔 
i miss #oomfs and seeing him just makes me miss him more 😔 
depression couch nest engaged ! now where USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME at ? ! 😔 😩 
going back to work after having 8 days off #depressing #broke 
USERNAME disappointed i'm not in your cover photo . :( #missedout 
USERNAME like i just wanna see if i'm winning my game 😔 
pretty sure this is the worst part of long distance . 😢 bye ryanmacd @ jfk airtrain - terminal 5 URL 
USERNAME i know :( are u still going to ko ? 
shit it's only sunday ... teen mom comes on tomorrow , not today #oops 😔 
the fact that my daughter has to have a asthma machine & a humidifier 😔 <<< 
USERNAME i miss giving you a concert on the phone :c 
i wonder what would have happened if i had got his name on my lower back but married someone else 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 wonder what the sex would be like 
USERNAME i know it's so unfair :( barca is clearly a better team 
i scratched the fuck outta my car this mornin smh fml 😞 
i havent hung out with USERNAME in mad longg ): #missyoudude 
USERNAME // a mi tmb flaca mucha falta ! :( 
house of pies with the la dream team , any believe we leave today ! ! :( #ladc #bittersweet 
my dad eatting 3b's in front of me and i cant have any<< 😔 
i'm sorry but the jets are a fucking joke 😭 
my sisters phone broke ... i don't really know what to do with myself ... #waahh 😩 😥 😥 
lol hiding out in the bathroom til this dance craze is over 😔 
URL tune in bey :( yall ears need this on this give thanks sunday 
omg USERNAME is leaving i cant breath ... im sitting here crying my eyes out :( 
USERNAME bavul doldururken iyi , bosaltirken zulum . bi de benim gibi gurbetcinin eve , anasini babasini geride birakip donusunu dusun :( ( 
starting to actually get worried about my leg . it's been 3 days . 😥 
USERNAME #jealous 😞 lol layin down bout to get up n do this head . #lazytho 
i don't do casual sex ,, no sex for me :( 
i have to tell you something . it's pretty serious and i can't hold it in anymore ... i love reese's pieces . but i don't have any . 😭 
forever hating myself for missing craig last night . :( 
dang it falcons lost 😣 🏈 this weekend just has not been good football wise . this is a problem . hopefully the 49ners can pull of a win👍 #hopeful 
can someone text me ? ! ? ! ? my phone and i are lonesome as of right now :( 
finally in florida ! ! ! still 3 hours to go ! :( (@ florida welcome center (i-95)) URL 
te extraño tanto , hasta me da miedo volver a verte </3 
USERNAME 2 tds 80 yds rushing and 28 yds receiving ! in my league it's 21 points 😥 
so really to get in the house how hard it's rainin :( 
USERNAME i dont wanna be shot in the head v.v 
god damn i wish i was as pretty as USERNAME :( ( 
i'm doing terrible in fantasy now 😭 this week will probably be my fourth loss in a row unless a miracle happens before 6 o'clock 
USERNAME hope you had a good time bonding #dolphins didn't help :-( 
USERNAME i didn't ! 😨 i tweeted about you first . 😔 
there goes the birds' perfect record 😔 , to one of worst defensive lines in nfl , no less…boo ! 
USERNAME no d3 what amazing its a shame they got sent home :( 
ravens 55 raiders 20 embarrasing . not a happy raider fan :( ((( 
being home is such a tease .... we should be about done right now .... :( 
i'm so jealous of jules . why can't i have a nice boy like that who would do anything for me 😔 
USERNAME yes , ofcourse . its so heartbreaking to see the girls , on facebook . doing drugs , and pregnant and in bad relationships :( 
i don't want to bt still drinking root beer :( to keep myself awake :( ( 
it's raining and i'm wearing flip flops 😔 ... me no likey wet toes 😣 
USERNAME a couple date offers u never responded to :-( 
context clues ! ! noticed the button ? #stayinschool sweetie #smh 😔 😕 “USERNAME explains it all ! URL URL 
packing a big for my mom . hope the doctors can get rid if whatever she has . this keeps coming back . 😔 
USERNAME yeah ! they over exaggerate , like jeremiah said he cant drive , but he's owned 4 cars etc :'( 
i've laid in bed for the past 12hrs ... i think it's time i eat something & get to studying :c 
trey songz heart attack radio on pandora = my mood right now 😔 
i wanna stay the night at elise's , but her mom hates me .. #thestruggs 😔 
USERNAME haha aw why ! no more football mondays :( 
michael turner thanks for averaging 6 inches a carry today USERNAME :( 
just when i think my day cant get any worse , i spill nail polish remover all over my laptop #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME lol ... will do ! here's my alterego (and author pseudonym ): USERNAME ;) 
why can't we just move baylor to dallas 😔 @ i35 southbound URL 
i miss talking on the phone with USERNAME all day long . </3 
im so tired , i shouldnt have asked to work on my day off :( 
i want my dad to switch me cars . i want the truck 😔 
USERNAME haven't seen you on here in a while . 😔 😞 
i miss the way things used to be . 😭 💔 
USERNAME no , just plain purple .. my mom refused to buy me the sparkly ones .. 😔 
some bf i have ... he didn't even txt me bac this morning :( ... 
i won't give up on us . even if the skies get rough . i'm giving you all my love . 💙 💔 
i know i'm feeling sap cause i put em in my bio 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME final 27-31 saints . :'( going to the cd release party . i'm mad . i need some jesus . 
where the hell did this come from ? . :( 
good thing it's 4pm and i decided to change out of my outfit from last night and finally feel like i should be awake right now #fml 
no no no i refuse to believe that USERNAME were sent home :( this isn't the end it's the start of a new beginning #keeprising 
butterflies in my stomach every time i leave here 😔 
she looks so big ! :( #sleep #sleepy #sleepybaby @ home URL 
poor gonzalez :( tough break . good game tho ... 
looks like i won't be going to youth tonight 😔 
USERNAME aww , soon he'll be having #cuddleswithbabylucifer haha . :( 
going to go spend time with USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i missed them 💔 
USERNAME ughh here you go being mean 😢 😢 😢 you always hurt my feelings mann 😒 😒 😒 😒 
when my roomie is gone i feel so lonely ): #comehome USERNAME with drawals 
just asked where my sister was and my dad was all like #fml 
USERNAME no idea 😫 my parents are on their way to come get me 😢 
this nose ring is killinn ! ! ! i just bought 3. lost 2 of them already & this one is hurting 😔 i need the one with the curved hook instead 
i hate not talking to ppl i care so much about :( 
their lives because some idiots were screwing around in a basement making meth . :( prayers go out to all the families . 
USERNAME i would .. buut you live so far away :( haha 
rainy & the clouds are probably low on the glaciers-no gondola ride today :( (@ 7-eleven) URL 
i would give anything to watch him play .... 😔 💖 
USERNAME i never fed your fish ! ! i hope you did 😥 😳 🐠🐟 
i feel like absolute shit ): going to take a nap 
USERNAME i've been working since 8am ! i didn't see you ): 
i hate my bf 😷 he doesnt like me anymore 😒 😔 🔫 💔 
one page down now about 13 more to go :( 
i had a dream last night that you and i were killing people . 😦 USERNAME 
USERNAME uhmm , i forgot my password too ..... #whoopsie now whata i do ? ! #helpp :( 
USERNAME (dramatically states) i put my heart on the line ! i don't want to get hurt again ! how can i trust you ? :[ lol 
USERNAME no , i didn't know it was on ! ! ! ! 😭 
USERNAME twinsburg has school tomorrow too , your not alone 😞 lol 
USERNAME i'm getting my mom to cut my ends cause they're super damaged , hopefully it doesn't end up too short :[ 
why do i still have a fever ? ! 😢 
USERNAME me too :( we had a good time ! 
USERNAME deep down , i'm a sensitive man in touch with my feminine side . i just act tough to hide my inner pain . ): 
USERNAME yeah i just wish only certain people could have them :( 
it's the first day if this week i haven't seen USERNAME i person . 😭 💔 👯 #bestfriendwithdrawls 
USERNAME sweet dick ! ! ! i miss you . 😔 
personal best ! number if consecutive deaths in a round of team death match :( 
my head , belly , and face all hurt ., today hasn't been good :( 
i want a back rub until i fall asleep ): 
i definitely wanna step up for our football team next year but not in that position .. 😞 
USERNAME yes he does hate being a bills fan :[ 
USERNAME whatever you do , please do not post any videos 😣 no one needs to see how much of an idiot i was last night . 
USERNAME so :( it looks like a worm use to live in there wtf man URL 
when the tv playing the patriots game is on the only wall i can't see while at work . ahh </3 lmao , that's not cool . 
if you think i'm fine it just ain't true , i need you in my life . 💔 
and this is when a real quarterback would come in handy 😭 ✂fitz 
USERNAME i miiss em too 😔 i miss kiki's visor the most 
USERNAME just talked to marci and we have work tomorrow but she won't be there 😭 🔫 
the worst feeling is coming home and not having a doggy jump at you and welcome you home #truetweet 😞 
i could literally cry right now because of how bad my hands hurt from working . 😢 😖 
USERNAME they're fun the old stuffs good even but we were going for all those fapping USERNAME but their van broke down :[ 
can't believe mrs fields and pretzel time closed in the galleria . those were all i ate at work .. so depressing 😞 
USERNAME i wish :( (( but i legit dont have a car , my dad has it . 
damn i gotta wait until i get home to upload this pic :( 
then my brother came running and said earthquake " lmfao my bf and him started laughing assholes :( lol 
it's sad that i've always wanted to go to asu and now i can't 😔 #dreamsdontcometrue 
omg whats my prob i'm such a (vegan tofu) weenie :-( 
sitting here listing to the talk about uncle john </3 
USERNAME lol yeah i just need a jobb :( : 
aww , i'm sorry :'( he's not texting me back . i just hope he's not mad and would listen to us about the evil one . USERNAME 
the only thing fitzpatrick is professional at is knowing how to give me jusstt enough hope to break my heart 💔 
but i gotta leave in a lil 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i feel so bad for the old man on prison break . like i love him even if he is a con 💔 
woow giants and falcons losing killed my sunday and my entire week ! 😔 😐 👿 
USERNAME USERNAME some nast people in lanc in a trailer and little kids lived there 😿 
USERNAME too cold in seattle for the ed hochuli gun show :( 
i'm really missing my baba and gigi today and i wish they could still be here with me 😢 🙏👼 
USERNAME this is not funny , its actually very sad :( 
being woken up from a nap to have to go to work 😥 😴 
omg i need an iphone charger all mine are broken ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME this is so sad . 😔 nate who ? what's his last name ? 
USERNAME you too :( any chance you’ll be in lyon mid december or will i have to go up to paris to see you ? 
atlanta falcons losing today's game just made my day 8363927 worse 👎👎👎 😢 
if i had a film on me who would play me ? gaddie told me tyler perry or whoopi . lmfao ! 😔 
your dad just broke my heart 😥 💔 #wag haha 
USERNAME i know :( i'm excited about meeting him but , then i'm not , idek . me and him are never going to happen so why try ? 
i kinda sorda maybe jk a kit miss USERNAME 😭 😩 😭 😩 😭 😩 
USERNAME dad won't let me leave , all the money and stuff 😢 😢 
that one hurts a little more because i got to see the last few plays on tv 😢 #bills 
USERNAME queria ir :( ta massa demais ! os parques sao irados , as lojas tb hehe e hj vou pro blue man group 
ugh all of these moral obligations ... not the best decision maker 😣 😫 #headache 
i'm watching toy story . by myself . #lonerstatus 😢 i miss disneyland USERNAME 
i don't know what to say anymore . 😔 😕 ✋ 
i miss having blonde hair .. #wah #blondehair #missit 👎 💔 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME woohoo took an hour to download a 9mb file 😢 
don't know why USERNAME opens my snapchats but doesn't respond :( 
i need to stop getting to work so early ! 25 mins to kill :'( 
USERNAME i would be atleast almost 35 right now ... #depressing 
why do i always lose my keys ? i want to leave ! 😭 😫 😡 
i should be watching the USERNAME game ... but i'm stuck at work #depressing 
USERNAME yea like my husband feels the need to keep driving :( the worst ! ! ! 
USERNAME i was sick and that was the only place with soup :( 
do you know how terrible this week is going to be because i live in saints territory ? do you know ? ! #fml 
when you hear something you knew you would probably hear but it still hurts . 😔 but there's always a 🌈after the rain 
it's too hot in my car , and my candy corn melted while i was playing football :( 
the only time im going to fontana and my mom gives me permission to hangout at victoria gardens , my best friend would be busy 😭 😭 😭 😩 😔 
i don't have time to go get a tea :( 
haven't been home since thursday .. maybe it's time to leave USERNAME 😭 
USERNAME :( well let me know as soon as you're back ! 
someone rub my tummy 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME i don't know why there is a laughing emoji .... 😳 it's suppose to be 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 *crying* 
im so jealous that USERNAME took a pic with kina grannis :( 
why does the mall close at 6 on sunday ? ! :( 
taylor changed his mind last night and is making me wait foorever for some wings 😭 😭 😭 😭 
love when humphrey falls asleep on me , but hate when my arm goes numb because she's laying on it #catloverprobz 😽 😞 ❤ 
yo ! ! ! ! ! i missed the whole game :( ( 
here comes goodbye . here comes the last time . here comes the start of every sleepless night . 🎶 😢 
flat tire . :( (@ ntb - national tire & battery) URL 
my gross bruise . :( #bruise #ouch @ the clary- mcintyre residence URL 
USERNAME my back hurts :( not sure why i just told you that ! 
the amount of homework i left for today << 😔 
im really sad that motion city soundtrack is in town and i'm not gonna see them . 😔 
USERNAME oh my gosh ... that's so terrible . 😔 
anyways ... i'm so sad my team didn't play today 😔 i miss them 💛 💚 💛 💚 
i have to be at work by 2 and im just laying down in my towel -.- #fuckmylife 
USERNAME enjoy it while it lasts , it’ll be over tonight . :( 
USERNAME dude they got demolished ! ! i was quite upset :'( 
USERNAME aww :( i thinks i ill e home soon 
now i cant taste anything my stomach hurts like shit nd my head is pounding 😷 😞 😔 
i guess i didn't need a phone anyways ..... 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME where have you been all my life ? 😔 
i wanna snuggle but my bf is at practice :( 
#whitegirlproblems is not being able to watch the walking dead on sunday because you dont have a tv :( (( 
i seriously need to stop this bad habit . i keep waking up past 1pm ! 😁 there goes half my day 😔 
USERNAME don't go there . the people were so mean to me for my interview 😔 
yes :( rt USERNAME you’re hungover , huh ? “USERNAME i’m craving carne asada fries , i usually don’t crave that mess . 
jumped my neighbors fence to feed their dogs since they apparently don't feed them ... they are in rough shape 😔 it pisses me off ! 😠 
USERNAME oh .. 😔 well ur cute you'll find one soon jaja 
them days where you have no one to text 😔 
i didn't know you couldn't wear perfume to deer hunt 😞 
my phones gonna die tho 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #iphoneprobs 
i think moving home stresses me out more than moving to my own home in a place where i know no one . :( 
my uggs button broke in half #sadtweet :'c 😪 cause i bump into my brothers bed :/ URL 
this is so depressing ... i've been in bed , curled up while watching grey's anatomy ever since 5 pm on friday ... i'm a sad little girl </3 
one loss does not alter my faith in my team , but that does not mean i won't be in a slump all week . don't expect any smiles #depressed 
when you get cussed out for something you didn't do<<<< #fml 
i just spill alcohol all over my moms bed ..... 😭 😳 😳 #whyme 
love is like a glass once it broke its difficult to fixed ! 💔 
baby you don't pay me no mind , you act like you don't love me no more 💔 
USERNAME i wish baby but i really must study ans shit and i gotta be with the fam tonight :( 
i literally can't wait for micaela to be home . i miss her way too much . 😥 💔 
at work 🗼sad as shit 😪my head anit on right 😔 long day👎💨 i'm ready to go home 🏠n sleep 😞 this shit off 😡 💔 
USERNAME i miss you to . :( we can hang soon if you want ! 
this weather makes me feel like its spring which makes me think summer is coming up .. :( but really winter is just starting ! 
i wish i could just be home to hold my moms hand right now 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm sorry guys :( i'm still in staten island 
USERNAME i love you i'm sorry xfactor is rigged :( 
:( whatever it's for the better . moving on ! our three years is now officially over . i'm done with your shit . 
USERNAME s/o to muh lil dancing shrimp ♥ ooh i lahv hur so so so so so muchh ! i miss her like crazy </3 text me babbyy #followherordie 
i feel horrible for the pets that get stuck with irresponsible owners . so sad :( 
i think seeing my dad cry is even worse .. :( aghh 
USERNAME haha if only i were at home right now :( 
i feel an earache , stomach flu and sore throat coming on . 😔 
- USERNAME we could've been :( ! but mañana ! <3 . 
head ache 😔 good excuse for a nap i suppose . 
if i don't pass astronomy i'm going to cry 😞 😭 i should've just taken philosophy ! 
USERNAME smart ! ! i'm trying to study now :( 
won't be able to work my first day at dicks . #sadtweet 
USERNAME lmfao ! 😑 😒 😧 i donate all my old shoes though ? ? so there , i still help ! ! ! 
USERNAME no it was 1-0 because haile accidentally hit the ball with her hand in the box so they got a pk on us :( 
USERNAME USERNAME why i can't get mentions like that :( 
USERNAME i was gonna text you and ask but i have little kid feet ! 😔 
now all that's missing is a cuddle buddy . :( @ raintree lake URL 
USERNAME so sry about yesterday shytt really diid take longer than i expected :( killed it 
USERNAME sar beary :( ( just come live with me 
the fack i can't find any good voodoo dolls :( 
actually had an amazing night . but most definitely paying for it today :( . ohwell . 
watching green mile this movie is too sad for me :( 
my parents went to texas de brazil without me 😭 
USERNAME no 😔 i swear ill move in the summer ... idk why it's takin so long lmao 
i get #sad knowing that USERNAME will never follow me & i will never meet him :'( 
USERNAME lugi sad now *sigh* who house im spend the night at :( 
USERNAME have missed u on days :( what r u doing now ? 
when plans to okay tennis fall through . #tragic 🎾 💔 
USERNAME lmfaoo . that dougebag & imm offically sick :( 
USERNAME yeah .... i watched last week's episode last night . it was bad . 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 
a couple of ours would been screwed too :( hahaha 
i killed my immune system :( (@ procare medical center) URL 
USERNAME and thanks for texting me back poophead > :( 
USERNAME i'm so sorry to hear that . sorry for your loss . :-( 
blown i couldnt go to lifetime today , carrie allison and kaile were working 😔 
my sunday was going great until the giants lost .... 😥 
time to go home :( (@ disneys magical express bus stop) URL 
USERNAME not til i just called him :( i just wish i was home right now 
from watching all these football games am somewhat understanding how it is played lol . not really though :c 
USERNAME lol , my mom gives me one everyday :( #suckstosuck 
had a conversation with a prostitute today , i will never buy a prostitute 😦 💩 
USERNAME no pun activities ? 😔 none here either sis ! omg it's the creepiest thing ever ! ! 
it's gona be a long night and i don't feel good at all :( 
last opera performance of 2012 :( i'll miss everyone ! #friends #opera2012 
i miss my car so much :( when i get it fix i will cherish it with all my heart . 
my uggs button broke in half #sadtweet :'c 😪 cause i bump into my brothers bed :/ URL 
USERNAME we haven't seen each other in so longg ): & i really don't wanna go to school tomorrow .. 
i stink in #fantasyfootball this year ... 3-7 record , no playoffs and out $1k :( 
great talk with USERNAME definitely gonna miss him and the entire senior class #sadtweet 
just dropped a piece of spumonis on the fucking ground 😭 😭 
i wrote a long note to my coworker calling him my nigga and it was really funny , somehow my boss got it , now i'm suspended . #fml #worthit 
i cut a wall gecko into two equal halves with a blade when i was seven ! i still feel guilty :( #confession night 
don't think i'll be able to smile all week unless my beautiful customer comes in 😘 #fml #giants #falcons #footballsunday #drinkingmylifeaway 
tired of these damn kids 😒 😣 😠 😡 😑 
i hate when my hunny leaves for work - i'm so lonely now 😥 
ugh hands are prune-y from dishes .... #work :( (@ schnucks) URL 
this weekend has been great . i want to stay home :'( 
USERNAME but i had a job starting at banana republic :( 
no 1 ever wantsz 2 hang out wit me :( 
USERNAME i tried to make them too ! they only let you do grey :( 
because of work i'm gonna miss the USERNAME game :( 
i officially switched to the iphone though i won't be able to use it until thursday . :( 
USERNAME permanently ? 😢 that's a tear .. that you caused #hurt 
i just got stuck in the chair and fell and my family all laughed at me because they thought i did it on purpose . 😭 😡 
stubbing your toe <<<< the littlest things hurt the most #ouch 😣 
enjoying ice cream here before they close it down forever :( (@ fountain view ice cream) URL 
USERNAME yeah ! i said i’d text you after then i texted you and nothing :( (( 
USERNAME same :( home alone not even my family wants me 
how in the hell did i run over my retainer ? #fml 
USERNAME fine ill edit old ones of people who will appreciate it :( 
USERNAME oh my goodness tycie ! ! ! blah i hope the pain meds are making you feel better :( ! ! 
USERNAME no because the browns and osu didnt play this weekend :( 
USERNAME lol it's okay , take your time ✋ i never get good nicknames anyway ... 😔 lol 
sick and tired of being sick and tired . #depressed 
i cant believe its already been a week since i saw justin . 11/4/12 - best night of my entire life ! its really depressing its over 😭 💔 #pcd 
USERNAME of course ! i miss yoouu 💔 we hab catching up to do ! 
i cut a wall gecko into two equal halves with a blade when i was seven ! i still feel guilty :( #confessionnight 
i'm gonna cry because i miss my cousin so much 😥 she's my better half and it's been too long since i've last seen you 😭 💔 USERNAME 
USERNAME pero en el mtv de aca no lo estan pasando :( 
going into 24-hour mourning . no facetime , facebook or skype . talk to you all on tuesday :-( 
baby u had me at i love you , but that changed when you cheated me . so now im saying screw you . but ur telling the world i did you . </3 
just sneezed while shaving . #shitshitshit #hemophobe #hateblood #dying :( 
USERNAME you are my savior 😭 😭 😭 i was about to have like an aneurism 😱 😓 lol 
i miss him so much :'( i hope i see him on friday 
this movie i'm watching has me confused as hell i'm trying to keep up . 😳 😣 
USERNAME eww omg why would you put this pic of me on here 😣 
s/o to the girl who taught me to file my nails . you will be missed 😔 
USERNAME 😢 😢 😢 😢 😥 😰 😥 😥 😥 😰 😰 noo ! 💔 💔 💔 
i need someone to talk to asap i'm bouta break dwn :'( plzz someone dm me or somethin 
i uhh , i was playing with a lighter and kinda of burned off most of my bangs v.v ... 
USERNAME lol , just now seeing this ! ! i miss my twist braids :( . 
curse on you for gluing birds cacoon shut now he can't meet girls on the inter-web > :c USERNAME 
happy that my two teams won today . sad that i wasn't able to watch them :( 
finally got into my fantasy team to see danario alexander had 31 goddam points ... on my bench 😪 😭 
so i'm really excited about working the #pinknation party at my store tonight , but i also am so sad that matt is leaving :( #mixedemotions 😕 
USERNAME i was looking foward to it but shit happens :( 
USERNAME lol . yes you do , it's weird not having you guys out here :( 
USERNAME USERNAME noo 😭 😢 we actually are dying of a sickness 
the thought of food makes me feel sick . blek . ): 
USERNAME if this is what i'm thinking about , i'm sorry . ): 
my dolphins didn't win against the titans all man :( :( 
.. but what if i have a boring party ? 😣 #woodranch @ wood ranch bbq & grill URL 
aww there is no steelers game tonight . i misread . it's tomorrow :( 
USERNAME haha i'm not 😔 but i would like to quote the chappelle's show 
i miss talking/texting USERNAME we used to be close .. :c 
i miss #jelena :-( :-( :'( :'( :'( #heartbroken #emotionalnews #everythingisgoingtobealrightjustin 
USERNAME lmao wtf ? ! ? why not ! ? ! ? think of the kids in africa that catn have that first & last slice 😔 💔 
i uhh , i was playing with a lighter and burned off most of my bangs v.v ... 
t.t . w . i . c . b . i . a . s . c . i . a . w . j . c= to the world i came .. but i am stronger cause i am with jesus christ 
i don't feel right . i'm trying to go back to the amanda everyone loved but she just doesn't exist anymore 💔 
i need USERNAME here to tease my hair for me 😔 #teachmeyourways 
USERNAME lol me too :( & i was sober ! 
i feel terrible ! my head hurts , my throat is sore , i'm cold , and my body aches . :( 
mi hermanito porqe yo no le compre su gorra no me quiere tira un beso :( & todo x culpa del #carenarga de mi novio -.-* USERNAME -.-" 
i don't wanna work tonight :( oh well , gotta make dat money . 
USERNAME me too :( ( i miss your tate crew neck . wahh we need to hang out soon . :( 
i fucking miss him i fucking love him i need him i want him </3 
i miss you soo much com back to me </3 
i'm about to just give up on love . it has giving up on me plenty , so why do i even bother ? :( (((((( 
USERNAME damn i guess you are trapped in an old lady's body :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yo no lo vi dulce . :( 
twerksgiving finna come up & my dad still ain't added a placement for the honey ham 😭 
my heart hurts ... miss you so much already nani 💔 
i wanna go watch tv in my room but i don't wanna leave my dad alone in the living room . 😞 
all these people on twitter getting amped about their sports teams ... and me with no hockey . :( 
i don't understand how things changed and ended up this way .. #sadtweet 
omg and it also reminds me of holes with sam and kissing kate barlow when he kept fixing things for her 😭 😭 😭 
dnt even have an appetite(spell check) today ny feeling gudd :( dnt feel lik being bothered 
can i please just go home . south carolina is not for me . #sodone #sadtweet #homesick 
USERNAME we're both in the same boat ... :( is it ever gonna happen ? lets just keep waiting & praying 🙏 
my number one plan this weekend was to spend a day with you :( 
you don't even have to call or check up in my at all . 😔 
USERNAME its good just writting music for this jerk ugh i hate give my good music away :( 
i'm going to bash my head in a brick wall :-( 
USERNAME unless you have sunday ticket or something like that you can't see it :( 
i would've gone for the 9ers game , but it's last minute :( 
USERNAME yeah dude ! ! we didn't hang this weekend ;( </3 
USERNAME i can once i get back to canyon around 5 ? ? if that's not too late 😔 😔 
my toe is bruised from those shoes i wore last night 😢 
the guns rang one last shot and it felt like a bullet hit her heart # 💔 #veteransday 
USERNAME USERNAME sam i'm coming over now with pizza because i'm all alone at home 😔 
i still can't get over the dream i had last night . scariest dream i've ever had ... makes me terrified to go to sleep tonight ! 😣 😧 
USERNAME i know ! i think i was just hoping i'd wake up an you would be here ! 😔 
can't believe i'm cheering for the eagles today ... but i hate the cowboys .. 😔 USERNAME better love me ! 
guess i better stop commenting on USERNAME fb posts ... before he figures out how to take away my right of free speech too 😞 
taco bell , chipotle , gyro house , or giovanni's pizza ? ? ? ? ? 😭 #thestruggleofdeciding 
USERNAME omg ! ours is due too ! im deff now going ! shoot me nooww . & i have to work tmw . #fml 
this weekend just hasn't been a good weekend for me 😔 😔 
wat happen to "so now i dislike the cowboys according to USERNAME 😩 😔 #bestfriendissues 
the only thing to do when you dont like something is change it :( 
bout to start going to the gym again .. it might not have been much . but , i can notice my arm build going down 😔 
USERNAME i knoww dude ! but noo :( ((( #fml 
i'm freezing :'( USERNAME needs to come over and cuddle up with me ♥ 
omg i shouldn't have taken a 40 min nap 😞 
<sigh> the kids must have thrown out our outside christmas lights . i can't find them anywhere ! brand new led lights ... very frustrated ! ! :-( 
why isn't my phone letting me listen to music :( 
USERNAME lol yeah , im done to one jugg 😔 😑 
USERNAME 😔 sorry to hear that . good seeing you hope things improve ! 
USERNAME 😔 i might have to unfollow you now . lol 
USERNAME well you know how real she is i'm sorry 😞 
my phone has 13% and i still have 4 more hours till we get back to mizzou #notgood :( 
kinda sad now bestie needs to hurry up ! 😔 
what does it take for you to notice me ... USERNAME :c URL 
USERNAME i know i wondered what happened to you ! all i knew was you went to a different school . ): 
USERNAME USERNAME noo 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i can change 
so mad whenever the broncos play and i can't watch because of work 😔 
injuries , roster mistakes , bye weeks make up a bad week of fantasy football for me 😔 
i have a lot of memories in gatlinburg . makes me miss high school 😔 🏀 
i want someone to come over and take photos with me . :( 
USERNAME lol of course ! i miss you btw :( . and julia ! ! ! 
ughh . i don't wanna go back to ada tomorrow ! ! :( 
off to hollywood for a movie premier . wish sidney could come > :( 
between bear being here , kate's bday party , and deer hunting my poor puppy has been locked up a lot the past couple days ! 😔 🐶 
USERNAME when there's only one street in your town , you shouldn't block it off ! stupid , stupid , stupid . > :( 
so mad i can't watch the game 😢 😢 😢 
on my own i'm only half of what i could be . 💔 
USERNAME omfg i forgot the gosh damn r 😭 omg can i change it without making a new account ! ? 😔 
had a dream that my real dad took me shopping all day , got me anything i wanted & gave me a whole bunch of money 😞 😒 😔 #iwish #hatedreams 
oh no ... i guess i'd rather pontius be okay for the second game ... poor thing 😞 
USERNAME same here ! i'm always working when you're in school 😔 
you see , whenever i text USERNAME he never texts me back </3 
i have a very bad habit of forgetting my cigs 😥 
'come over' is the one song that can completely break my heart ... ❤ 💔 
i ran into a fallen tree and got scratches everywhere :( 
USERNAME i don't have my stuff 😔 and i need a computer too cause i have to write and submit it ! 
today was the last day i cared for you chargers .. i'm sorry , but i've lost all hope for you guys . 😔 
laziness , football , and comfort won't allow me to get up and go pee . 😔 
deciding on whether i should buy chicken tenders , or some beer . help ? i wish i can have both :( lol 
USERNAME like honestly i live off of grilled cheeses 😔 
USERNAME hahaha so fucked up i l ☹ ve it 
happy birthday to my uncle i love you so much you have been gone for about 6 years ): 
i hate that i have so much shit to do ): 
“USERNAME USERNAME taking over your bed one blanket at a time ... URL stop ! leave my bed alone ! ! :( 
somone come to subway and make me laughh :( #pissedofftweet #horribleday 
time for work .... not so pumped anymore :( #imtired 
full car not about that clown car life no invit :-( ” 
when autocorrect gets the best of you 😔 USERNAME URL 
walking on needles > dealing w/ you 😭 😭 😭 
what is up with this crap going around on facebook that USERNAME got shot and dying ! i am about to cry ! is it true someone tell me . :'( 
girls , why don't you like me ? i'm nice , a good listener , very funny and a really good cuddle buddy . i work had for you ladies ! 😪😪 😓 😓 😥 😥 😢 😢 😢 😢 
why aren't i at the mountain right now ? oh wait .. i have no money . ): 
grabbing my bags and now on to sand hill so i can go home :( (@ howard johnson inn & suites) URL 
USERNAME you didn't prepare me , now im crying in a fetal position ! ! :'( 
nickelback is playing in the background 😔 @ kona grill URL 
USERNAME did you already give away 2 passes to the show tonight ? ! my friend is traveling 2 hours to see youand he doesn't have tickets ! :( 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! #waahh 😭 
USERNAME ill miss y'all too :( ill visit as much as i can ! 
USERNAME don't care bout me no more ... just don't tweet me at all ! ! ! 😞 
USERNAME i know thts so hard :( especially when i care about tht person 
listening to USERNAME makes me want to go back to yesterday . 😭 😭 😭 
took a 800mg and my motherfucking head still hurts 😞 
mike is certain that i look like a trex #fml 
i wanna move back home to new england :( <3 
need to see my best friend soon .. USERNAME 😞 
my number not even in his phone any more ): 
had to restore my laptop to the factory settings . damn virus . 😔 
USERNAME i miss you :( are you back in ww yet ? #somuchtotellyou 
i want to go home 😞 i'm so homesick that it's starting to hurt 
i need like fucking size 3 jeans . all of mine are too big . 😣 
saw a cute guy , walked up to him and froze #fml 
ine bin on twitter in so long i feel people forget me :( 
😦 my face when i saw my doritos bag ... lol 
so i didn't realize i already had my 1,000th tweet :( but hooray ! 
franchot piss me off for the fact that he goes 2 southern ! my mom , my brother , and half my cousins went there lol . and he hates the saints 😞 
my grandma won't make cookies because we haven't cooked dinner yet . 😔 
USERNAME me too & i can't find my cat . :( (((( 
s/o to USERNAME he wrapped today :( ... we gone see u when we see u kendrick ! @ food for life supreme URL 
USERNAME i miss you too ! 😭 💞 we never went out to eat 😔 
i can paint my nails perfectly ... then my clumsy ass hits them on something and messes them up . 😣 😒 
storm from canada to dallas . driving through hell right now . great way to break in the #newcar :( USERNAME but thanks USERNAME ! ! ! 
go cowboys ! even though i can't hear or watch the game cause my phone is retarded :( 💙 💙 
eh im gonna miss my mom and dad for a whole week :( URL 
on my break . tired of bieng tired ! :( 
i miss my bestfriend USERNAME so much ! 😭 😭 😭 👭 💔 💔 
USERNAME wins the best pop ! ! beauty and a beat ! ! won again ! ! but sadly , he din attend :( 
why is it already 4:40 pm on sunday ? the weekend went too quick 😭 😢 
USERNAME i'm going to work right now actually :( i need you bobbyia 
9 months ago today .. we lost a legend .. rip whitney :( (((((( URL 
USERNAME i know , i chose the responsible choice 😔 
my original baby daddy ♥ dnt yu knw imiss yu dearly :'( @ da hize URL 
desperate housewives , whyy do you make me cry so much ? ? 🍎 😟 😢 😭 
i ate one plate and for some odd reason , im fooler then a muther fucker ): 
i can't skate shit with a bruised heel ! feel like a poser 😞 
USERNAME you whore . i didnt see you . i looked for you . :( 
dying lol where is the sunday dinner tired of eating out i want greens , cornbread , fried chicken , yams , mac n cheese , and kool aid 😢 😢 
this has been one hell of a day 😡 😭 
USERNAME he is definitively the best bond . skyfall ... best movie . and possibly best song . bond girl , dead last :( 
USERNAME selala please , dale una oportunidad se ve triste :( 
USERNAME is there a bug with myguy right now ? won't even let me join a game :( 
USERNAME yes i called you and you didnt come downstairs to see me ! :( 
so sad to see this weekend come to a end :( 
USERNAME i mean i guess so but i did not receive a souvenir from #disney 😢 
my house is so quiet 😞 i wish my mom was here to talk . i can't stop crying at random ass times . this fucking sucks . ! ! 
USERNAME uhh when we hanging out again ! d: i haven't seen anyone since ruby tuesdays ! 💔 
USERNAME yupp . it's not in my wallet or the bag i used last night . no more dfa :( 
i now have an awesome tv to watch hockey on , but no hockey to watch :( #lockoutprobs 
does anyone have an extra tmobile phone i could borrow this week ? :( 
hey ! anybody wanna text me ? no ? gtf ? okay 😫 😔 
my mom didn't answer my call & i'm hungry af 😔 
the cowboys defense does not have one white dude . 😦 
USERNAME i want you to want me ! ! ! ! :( 
soo it's time for USERNAME to come back now , 304 needs our fav drinking buddy back #sadtweet 
never been more jealous in my whole entire life 😣 😁 
everytime i dose off && in good sleep someone wakes me up :( 
can't take this anymore done coming home ! ! 😥 😥 😥 😥 
i really don't want school tomorrow . :( sundays are so depressing . :( 
once my man get bk n i hav shyt to do ... im deletin my twitter .. sorry :( 
there's something about that kid that makes me care like wtf 😞 
i shouldn't be so mean to my mother .. ughh 😒 😣 
i am going to take a shower , but i'll probably fall asleep in there 😞 
my bf had to go home 😔 i hate when the weekend ends . 
jordan your killing me your really killing me 😭 😭 😭 love you girl 
USERNAME es oficial . ya no creeo en el amor hahhahah 💔 ❤ 💔 ❤ haha #dramatica 
well im pretty sure i wont have my phone or laptop again until im 18, there goes the rest of my life .. 😔 😒 😠 😢 
i don't know how to use the tumblr i just made 😭 
so last year today .. at 11:11 ... i made a wish , ffor us to happen and last .. my wish came true .. but like all it didnt last </3 
USERNAME i thought my toe was just really cold so they were num but the next day it really started to hurt 😞 
the annoying moment when the tanning salon isn’t open anymore when i finally get there 😭 💔 🚫☀ 
s/o to USERNAME she is supah coo , cute , thick , dont talk to me forreal :( whomp , but went to middle skoo wit each other , follow her 
USERNAME :( less than two hours . . . at least . 
USERNAME noo you don't have it with linny tomorrow :( 
USERNAME i know ): i always think about you when i hear it , singin it in first with fulwider . damn , time flyys 
USERNAME true dat ! mine need to grow in but it just looks like i don't keep them up :( 
USERNAME USERNAME don't you make me cry ! 😢 i'll see you in a week or two ! #theendisnear #christmasbreak 
why can't my hair look like the guy who just walked out ! that's what i wanted it to look like #sadtweet 
everytime i hear in color it automatically reminds me of my pawpaw . miss him so much :( 
nd i used to see her all the time 😔 
USERNAME and it rhymes with a bunch of mean words . ): i try to avoid people knowing because they make fun of me . 
finished english hw ! now just need history , chemistry , algebra 2, and avid :( *loong sigh ! * 
every time i think i'm done , more poop is ready . :( 
why can't we just have 2 weeks off for thanksgiving ): 
i hate unpacking suitcase 😞 too good of a weekend . #lovemyboy 
i should be getting ready to go to the jacks mannequin concert tonight . still not over the fact i'm not gonna be at the last show 😢 😭 😩 😲 😔 😰 😞 
USERNAME is this who i think it is , love ? :-( 
talk about big bed ! my king size bed . i need a smaller one , i get fucking cold on this one :c URL 
now i see why everyone cried about the walking dead last week . 😢 
my wisdom tooth needs to hurry up & come in already ! i only ate 2 soft peppermints today . the thickest can't live like this ... 😔 #starving 
this face mask is so hard it doesn't let me move my face it all :c URL 
i really want a pizza but i know that's money i shouldn't spend ... :( there's just nothing really left in the house i wanna eat ... 
the fact that USERNAME & i's skype call keeps messing up << 😢 
USERNAME wahh i know :( it was a busy weekend ! ill be home for thanksgiving in 2 weeks so ill be sure to see you then ! 
USERNAME what sucks is i'm not going to school tomorrow :( 
USERNAME i am , i dont feel like going i'm so tired ! ): 
my 3,000th tweet goes to work .. for forgetting to interview me for the management position i wanted and already picking someone . #sadtweet 
USERNAME hahaha ! i just screamed into a guitar because of lacking a backpack . but nobody understood ...... :( hows your weekend ? 
damn it ! i just spilled coffee on my book , i wish it would've been a boiling volcano instead ! ☹ 
i have no desire to write this english paper :( 
s/o to all my new followers ... (even tho i followed u first ): ) 
😢 cory's out now ! fingers crossed for #teamjackbeckman @ nhra drag races URL 
USERNAME USERNAME he never retweets me or replies to me or anything . 😔 💔 he's beautiful tho 
all my family is at my house for the rest of the day and ive been crying all day i hate this 😔 
joe flacco , you look better with the mustachee :c 
USERNAME oh my god ... today was supposed to be our day .... ): 
chickened out getting my hair cut :( ... i can never bring myself to do itt 
missing USERNAME :( thinking i'm going to have to reactivate account next month 
USERNAME go #cowboys and go #49ers ! ! ! 🏈🏈 both are down 7 - 0. 😞 
i've slept for 14 hours straight , thrown up twice and still feel nauseated . :( 
wish i could of went to the game really wanted to see you play :( 
i just heard someone next to me say then i thought how it would be nice to have a retweet button for that . lol #fml 
i'm not built for this ! i should have called in today :( 
USERNAME it's so sad . :( and veryy unusual ? 
i don't think i'm seeing my daddy today ! :'( no more chances for him 
i have a hopeless crush on someone i have no chance with ... </3 
USERNAME he can't get money ): but don't forget about next weekend ;d 
USERNAME awe dont be like tht .. im sowwy 😣 i was only messin around 
USERNAME i know so many women who have trouble finding a comfy brassiere :( what's up w/ that bra industry 
learning the hard way that i can't drink caffeine without side effects #shaking #nauseous #nomorecoffee :( 
USERNAME i didn't know you were going to be there ! ! i would have :( i went home and had to stop at the store to get a lock for tmrw 
USERNAME i dont want to be on the bus by myself :( ( 
i wish i was in a cute relationship like everyone else 😔 #jealous 
i just wanna no if its a girl or boy :( can't wait to be a uncle don't no why i'm so excited lol 
daww . my room is a even bigger mess :( 
USERNAME still in them boo been in then since this morning they gave me a blister nurse frenchy :( 
i'm never babysitting ever again . i always get under paid . 😡 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME girl we both know i know USERNAME gets paid to throw games ! i never expect them to win anymore :( 
they about to start ! with or without my mommy :( 
gina doesnt wunna brush my hair for me :( ( 
just saw #oomf texts from a few days ago ... it was the sweetest thing ever . 😭 
USERNAME you're going to be at campaigners right ? 😥 
i hate the way he thinks he knows everything ..... > :( 
leaving my home in az :( hopefully i move back here bye next year . 
i feel like crying my eyes out right now :'( 
i have seriously gotten no messages what so ever today . 😔 
time for baby brit to go home . but no :( (@ snuffer's w/ USERNAME URL 
i was so sad when i found out you have to exercise and eat healthy ): 
learning the hard way that i can't handle caffeine :( #shaking #nauseous #nomorecoffee 
why is t . i not mine ! ? ! ? :( 
USERNAME no :( i'm at a review now from 4-7 but ill go there after to study if you are still there ! ! ! ! 
as much as i want this semester to be over , i can't imagine what its going to b like without the best friends i've made here . #sadtweet 
USERNAME :( i promise i will give it back ! ! 
i started to watch mac and devin last night , but slow burn told me i couldn't watch it without a blunt 😞 
how i was all happy cause i thought i was the first one to tell USERNAME happy bday at 12. but it was when her bday was over . lol ! 😔 
USERNAME no more baking 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
new avi ! like it ? nope ? im ugly ? cool :'( 
will someone come pick me up & take me shopping ? no ? .. okay .. 😔 
can't wait to see USERNAME 's face after this game- all tears 😢 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME lol ! same o ..... school just dey kill parson ! :( 
im lookin for love but ig i always look in the wrong places ): . 
can't wait for my midterms to be over ! ): 
USERNAME i wish i woulda seen you last night 😔 
crying rn :'( gaga's video is 10 million times better than that flop :'( 
pissed that the game isn't on tv . guess i'll have to watch it this way #fml URL 
USERNAME it's so freaky how i relate to everything u tweet 😥 
i need someone to go do something with me , tired of sitting at home like i have been all day . :c 
waiting for this damn percocet to kick in . :-( (@ deleon residence) URL 
why am i just getting off work :( #tired #feethurt 
finally out of work & i clean the kitchen for two hours & now it's time to study . it never ends 😭 
9 years today . :( i miss you mommy . #sadtweet 😢 
it's so weird to meet someone who jut completely hates you for no reason 😔 that girls a biotchh 
ill never find a faithful guy 😢 😒 😔 once again i look dumb ! ! i chose jersey over michigan <<<< #regrets ! ! 
USERNAME you ! ! i miss you ! you need to hurry up and come back :( 
phone is on countdown mode to die man wtf :( 
and the show goes on even if the band left ..... 💔 
lowkey im hating on USERNAME cause she has a whole mess of clothes /; v.v 
i'm so bored . i just wanna be social and hang out with people 😔 
USERNAME omfg 😳 that's crazy ! are you staying or leaving after that ? 😔 
USERNAME i know i’m bummed they’re not playing today too :( watching all the other games just cause i’m in fantasy football 
will someone go to the dentist with me tomorrow ! ? :( 
i wanna go see wreck it ralph so freaking bad 😔 
my grandma is leaving for brazil today for a month 😞 😭 😓 😫 😨 😱 😵 😟 😮 😿 👎👎👎👎👎 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME no it's okay you guys probably know the truth :( i still love her though 💔 
oh u wanna be a mofuckin funny guy ? don't make me break ur kevin hart boy 💔 
USERNAME yea :( but . we need to kick someday tho i miss you d; 
i js woke up again >.< im soo bored ! ! :( i wanna go out /; 
2012 was the worst year ever i swear soo much bullshiit happend lets see how the rest of this month n december go ! ! ! . 😔 😪🚬🔫🔪💊💉🛀🏥 
really ? ! ! madison just met honey boo boo , june & the rest of the family ! ! ! & yes i'm jealous ! ! ! ! 😭 URL 
football sunday's aren't the same without my daddy 😰 😭 
watching the boys soccer allstar game . gonna miss watching the seniors # :( 
my body hurts , didn't get to bed until 7am . so many videos made lmfao last niigght 😞 
USERNAME sorry about ur lost :( he will be missed 
#oomf takes forever to respond i my texts . 😒 😭 
when i was little i told my mom i wanted a pajama wedding and if you didn't have duck slippers you couldn't come it . i miss being little 😢 
USERNAME i'm not going to be able to make it ): sorry booboo 
i should've just kidnapped USERNAME this morning like i planned too ! 😔 
USERNAME hopefully i can soon . i miss youu :( :( :( :( :( 
lost all my music on my iphone decided i was just going to reput my favorite songs .. figured out i have 266 of those 😔 
i wish i was watching the game with my dad . 😔 
im getting off , nobody is tweeting mee ! ! ! peacee :( 
just bought the last and final midnight ticket to see twilight how sad :( #tradition USERNAME 
why do our schedules have to be so conflicting . boo👎 😔 
i wish jimmy johnson never had to die ... 😔 😕 
“USERNAME i want some ramen noodles ! #bringmesome #prettyplease 😔 USERNAME on my way ! 
USERNAME seriously almost did that this morning but i wasn't sure ! wish i woulda seen this then . 😔 
i hate seeing some bitches on my tl .. like no 😒 😾 🙈👎👉💺👋 
when USERNAME teases me for goin home too much <<<<<< 😢 #imakickyourass 
my butt hurts from this long drive back . about 6 more hrs 😣 
i wish my mommy was here 😞 😔 😪 😢 
i feel so dam sick ! just wanna go home . 😔 
kinda hungry and USERNAME isn't doing anything about it :-( 
USERNAME jayden i'd puke all over everybody . just kidding . but i still need rest :( 
this is all i want for christmas 💖 😔 USERNAME boots #cheer #boots URL 
USERNAME USERNAME i wanna play but i'm not at ac right now ! :( 
USERNAME some ladies i know don't even get the luxury :( 
my little sister talks so much now , it's freaking adorable .💗 they grow up so fast . 😔 #biggirlstatus 
when you wait all day for someone to text you and they don't :( 
i'm jut trying to buy some dino eggs . #nowheretobefound 😭 
really just want to watch the game and eat pj's wings #starving 😔 
every time i drop my phone it's like 😵 😲 😢 
i ain't going to lie , i love you and i'm in love with you . im down for you and i've been down for you since day 1 😘 😔 😢 
i miss USERNAME sha ...... i haven't heard from her :( ..... onyinye o ... where art thou ? 
USERNAME already had to put up with her last night 😡 😭 😭 😭 
i hate knowing that i have to do homework tonight 😭 😭 😭 😭 😞 
i wanna prank people . 😔 there's nothing better than getting a laugh out of other peoples miseries ! 
i wish i could make grams feel better :( #sadgirltweet 
finally time to do nothing .. until work tom . at 9 :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i ain't ginger , honey ! sorry :( 
christmas movies are so cute they make me cry 😭 😭 😭 #holidayspirit 
i have a feeling that this thanksgiving is going to suck for me since im not eating no type of meat , not even fish 😢 
doing sat math practice questions and getting half of them wrong 😩 😭 #depression 
USERNAME lmao just type it so i can do my hw for once in my life lol :( 
cuando estaba en rd boociabaa como una loca cuando llegaba la luz :( estra;o esoo; 
whipped out my space heater today since it's freezing in my house ! my room is now nice and toasty . don't want to go to work :( 
i wanna go back to sleep . even though i woke up at 1 .. wahh USERNAME come back 😢 
i'm kinda jealous of the christmas present i got my mommydailey . it's the coolest kitchen appliance ever lol i want one for myself :( 
every time i watch charlie st . cloud i cry like a child 😭 #sogood #sosad 
you know i'm feeling bad if i don't even feel like shopping :( 
my burrito looks like a baby compared to my friends :'( #baby #burrito #chipotle #m @ chipotle mexican grill URL 
hoy son 2 meses sin mi papi ! ! ! :( 
home unpacked now laundry time .... its so cold ! :( 
i didnt practice my solo at all this week :( oops ! 
when people ask me wats wrong/ or try to hug i cry all over again lbs ! :'( 
USERNAME i feel all dizzy 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
but i need to get few things off my mind and what's better than #blogging 😞 
laying in my bed feeling horrible :( i don't wanna go 2 florence but i'm thinking mayb i should 
and i will be celebrating with family who eat meat , fml 😢 
USERNAME hahaha so true . unfortunately i'm a bad conservative and am not religious or anti-gay :( #kickmeout 
USERNAME USERNAME aw ! i would ... but i am booked up for tomorrow and tuesday . :( 
#sosad barbara just came home&has the kids . how do u tell children that age their grandfather is dead ? & today is chicky's bday :-( 
ohh shi t.t his nigga just got tackled in the air ... 
USERNAME leh keda bas :( who r they up against aslan ? 
no text in my phone , or calls ! yes ! i'm so happy .... na , i'm miserable af ! 😞 😞 😞 😞 😐 😕 😔 
laundry day ... 11 loads ! ! ! 😦 #moving #losfeliz #cleaning @ maytag coin laundry URL 
i would be sick on a three day weekend 😓 #fml 
USERNAME aww :( what's the point of having candy and not eating it ? 
USERNAME not me , because you never notice me :( 
i miss USERNAME so so so big . is it friday yet ? 😔 
USERNAME please and thank you . i have been procrastinating all weekend . :( 
😔 makes me sad , i really don't even know what happened . my dad just stopped talking to them for whatever reason c 
USERNAME USERNAME lol i have to study for my chem exam tomorrow and do two math assignments :( 
i wish i had someone to workout with 💪 😞 #sadtweet 
i have never had this bad of allergies 😢 😤 
when he talks to me , sometimes i feel like a lil girl who got on her daddy's bad side :( 
USERNAME wish i could see it ! ! ! :( 
twitter philosophy rt USERNAME inside everyone is a little nut ! :( ) 
np: mariah carey x dont forget about us ! 💜 💔 
beach , theatre , thrift stores , donut shop , pizzeria , parks , aquarium ... all this place is missing is me :( 
waiting for my bus to pick me up to take me to the airport </3 wish i could just stay here with him [pic]: URL 
im all cute today and have nothing to do and nowhere to go :( 
USERNAME i totally forget you were there . didn't say anything to me :( 
lyle man isn't feeling good and running a fever :( poor baby boy #longnight 
study group .... now i know i have hmwk i just don't know what it is 😔 
the whole house just went to sleep on me .. :( weird 
i don't think i've ever cried this much in a movie ? ! 😭 
i can't wait to be home for a week . i miss my mom so bad . 😔 
i can't wait to go see breaking dawn part 2 wit my friend david n jessica .... i so excited to go .... i miss my boo .. :( 
. r . i . p myi sista mercedes smh :( 
need to stop procrastinating and get on the road but i just don't want to . 😞 
poca - everyday (freak mix) (shot by tks ): URL via USERNAME #baddbitches only check the video out ! 
so disappointed i didn't get to see USERNAME spin last night 😢 . please tell me you'll be in the area or somewhere in new york again soon 🙏 
USERNAME i'm going to florida :( what about saturday thanksgiving weekend ? but people will be really busy though 
possible surgery ... ): come on life ... cut me a break ... 
USERNAME USERNAME amen sista she doesn't love us anymore :'( 
wait . people actually went to the victoria's secret party tonight ? 😔 i would have gone . 
USERNAME i just went to text you and i guess i lost your number or something :( do you still have mine ? ! ? 
USERNAME you didn't see me :( my match will be on fb later 
someone bring me gatorade and tylenol to work please ! #dying 😢 😢 
crying over the fact that my computer broke 3 days before finals 😭 😭 😭 
do i have to go back to alvernia ? 😔 
you can't say your happy either , you dont even smile for me 😔 
i have hash oil stuck all over my iphone screen :( #sosticky 
car ride home . it's raining . i have to pee . #fml 
when theres more bad moments than good ones , its not a relationship . </3 
let me change it up , if someone bought me a meal from mcdonalds & a mcflurry , i'll give you my last $15 dollars 😔 #desperatetimes 
how am i supposed to be productive at work tomorrow after staying up tonight to watch the #bears ? oh we'll , not my problem ! 🏈🌜= 😞 😴 
coming home today ! even though i've fallen in love with la . :( #bittersweet #sadtweet 
holy fuck this is the longest day ever it's only 2 and i've been up for a good 24 hours busting my ass off at work #fml #sleepdeprived 
USERNAME i start work on wednesday so that doesn't work :( lol 
USERNAME damn .. im just now seeing this .. now im mad :( ( 
USERNAME yeah it was funny ! it's the last season ! i haven't been watching all this season because my tivo box got erased :( 
i really can't believe the last time i saw you was the last time i'll ever see you . rest in peace uncle todd </3 
my mom said she will make me breakfast if i got up and cleaned . i turn around and she is knocked tf out -.- wtf :( 
USERNAME not for us directioners ! we have 3 more days ! ): 
when someone says they don't love you and mean it </3 
god i wish hockey season was going on right now ! #havingwithdrawls #damnlockout :( 
i don't get to see USERNAME today . :( i shaved and wore my cute bra for nothing 
-__- xavi alonso why you miss 😨 😱 😩 😭 
people have to stop lying man cant take this shit .. :( 
wahh at heb two hours before my shift 😞 fuck you calculus . 
paris hilton can you need a new bff again soon because i miss that show :( 
USERNAME my god ... this plan b sounds excruciating 💔 
i love how britt is the only one who actually responded to my tweet 😔 
only if i had my friends around .. relationships these days consist of girls having to shut up and let everything happen even tho it hurts </3 
USERNAME i know :( but i can deposit mine in the atm 
i know ! ! ! ! ! ! :( when do you have your baby ? 
on the way to drop USERNAME off :( ... wish the weekend was longer ! 
sadly gonna miss this place :( pretty sure its the best job i've ever had . @ kens korny maze URL 
school has me living the hermit life .. i needa party :( 
i just wanna let my bestfriend know that i love her & i miss her too much ): <3 USERNAME 
USERNAME no lol i'm staying in my room :'( ((( 
USERNAME you wanna take years 😔 it needs to be eaten 
listening to one direction makes me miss USERNAME :( #ourobsession #loveyou 
“USERNAME all a sudden feeling like shit; thanks . i was having a great day . #depressing same 
just bawled my eyes out and continued to for like 20 min because of marley & me 😭 
dog with a blog , a new show on disney channel . all i have to say is wha t.t he . fuck . i miss the old disney . #thatssoraven #lizziemcguire 😔 
waking up as early as i did this morning <<< 😭 
USERNAME keep your head up boo 😞 whatever's going on may be rough , but you can get through it . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you met him too ? i feel so left out :( 
this guy i'm skyping with is pretty hot ... too bad he lives in spain :'( 
USERNAME mine exploded awhile ago those boys are just beautiful 😇 😘 😱 😞 
USERNAME well idk bout u but i get super sad when it gets dark out :( 
what goes around comes around and boy does it hurt when it does . best to pay now than later :( ( 
i'm kinda sad that we can't put our tree up yet because its just gonna get packed 😞 
the fact that USERNAME wasn't at my game <<<<< 💔 
when USERNAME and USERNAME leave me for the weekend 💔 #comebacktome 
USERNAME USERNAME what are you two talking about ? 😥 
on some real shit i miss my old friends 😢 😞 😔 
USERNAME that's sad :( ill send you a text ! 
USERNAME USERNAME i wish but i gotta move & clean all day :( 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah stupid i thought we were going today ! ! ): 
when we start talking again it only lasts a day , ha :c 
miss hearing u live :'( #homesick rtUSERNAME can't wait to get back to my music ! 
somebody come over ... me n shelle bored lol :( 
i need the new jason aldean . everyday i don't have it i die a little bit inside ... #heartbroken </3 
- looking like a bum this morning . #lazysunday 😣 
USERNAME your theme program is the day of my cook night . why must the fates be so cruel ? ? ? </3 what happened to thursdays ? 
i have to unfollow you because i can't see you tweeting about another girl or i will break down .. 😞 😔 
#confessionnight i hate hurting other people even though i have done it a lot :c 
i'm still really upset that sweet home alabama isn't on netflix . 😔 
USERNAME wheree ? ! & i look like poop :( 
go , go , go you'll be fine on your own . #macmiller #justdontlovemelikeyouusedtoo :( 
USERNAME i want phish food ice cream :( #imbored #comehome 
USERNAME 😢 😡 why would you even do that too me ! ! ! 
i don't wanna wear anything that i bought for wednesday anymore :( 
USERNAME como esta mi compa beto , tiempo sin saludarlo , saludos desde florida , sigame , a no verdad , :( 
i really don't want to go back to school tomorrow 😔 
i hate when i can't think of something to draw 😢 💔 
USERNAME sorry :( but you needa go muddin behind jea with me and my friend corben . youd have fun ! 
you can want something all you wan t.t o actually accumulate that something though , requires action . action showing that you want it that bad . 
correction ☝my bestfriend USERNAME doesn't love* me anymore 😭 💔 
USERNAME one weekend we should hang out and find a way for me to see mardi and carli . 😢 
my dad doesnt give a shit about me . #sadtweet . 
i want to go to a school like pca ... 😔 
i want to adopt this puppy so bad 😥 URL 
mehh i don't wanna work til close 😞 i just wanna stay warm and snuggly all day ! #ihateworkingonsundays 
USERNAME another one ! ! ! ! ? ? ? :( 
USERNAME that's awesome , i want to go to duke :( haa 
my flight got delayed someone talk to me before i actually start reading this malcolm gladwell book . ☹ 
USERNAME omg that's craazyy ! i wanna go :( i heard their love culture is huuge 
our social sundays #schoolsucks #toomuchwork #fml #musicman #makeouts . #h @ the greenwich country day school URL 
USERNAME i'm moving back home after the spring semester if not sooner . 😢 
just shattered the screen of my phone . cool . bye another $100. #fml 
what if a tree falls on my house ? :c 
USERNAME oh right math 53 .. i almost forgot about that class lol . but damn , your topic deff hits home for me . wish i could be there :( 
omg i just fell iff the couch and hit my head really hard ! ) ): 
USERNAME shoot , i need to go with you next time ! i couldn't find anyone last night 😞 
USERNAME jealous ! my roommate won’t allow it yet :( 
i don't know what to anymore . #overit #sadtweet 😶 😕 
:( ( aww its always oovoo and stuff i am still a phonee call away ! i be back for breaks and stuff yuu can comee visit me to ! 
USERNAME i know i hate it :( our schedules suck . we should plan a sit down tomorrow night to hang out . #missyou 
i wanna wear that dress i got somewhere but ya know i'm always in my work uniform 😒 😔 😠 
aw ! rip mr . stalter ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME when will your user/account management be improved ? having to create a new user in order to be added to another account sucks :( 
USERNAME no i can't because my work schedule changed :( wish i was . sure ill be around to a few meets to watch you guys though . 
USERNAME please just come and force my mom to let mee :( lol 
my uncle from ny is going to start a business over there so he wants all of us to move there 😭 
been in bed basically all day . i feel like shit :( 
a bunch of confusingly dressed sluts just showed up . 😔 with USERNAME 
we have a nonsense team with a no nonsense weight coach 😔 not a great match 
somebody buy me a walk to remember cause i left the notebook at zak's .. :( 
i wanna go to the range buhh no one wants to go 😔 
USERNAME well my dear its getting better ! popping pills and letting it do its thing ! how are you ? watching any football ? packers are off ... 😞 
so bored wish i could hang with her but oh well #fml 
bye bye la :( ((((( what a very fun weekend that was 
off work tomorrow , thank goodness ! but i have to go to the dentist , which is never fun ! :( 
USERNAME :'( im tellin yo twin to make you one 
no matter how many liquids i drink , my skin still extremely dehydrated ... why ? 😢 
linkin park won but evanescence did not :( both should win everything 
USERNAME you shouldnt came up to me :( ( & where you at ? 
sure wish i had my black leather boots ... :( #imtoosmall 
my pen actually just died on me while writing my senior cheer letters #goingtomissyouguys 😢 😭 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME at my house haha what she doing there ? #foreveralone :( lmao 
USERNAME noo ! ! ! ! ! 😧 *five inches is a lot ! 
has anyone done the chapter 1-6 questions for mr . leal ? :( 
omfg there's a new zealand emoji ! 🗾🗾🗾🗾🗾🗾 i miss it there 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME no i'm not > :( i'm going crazy seeing the same people every day i'm gonna freak out 
this is the first time in a really long time that my mom has actually made me mad 😔 😠 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! ahh its been way to long . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i will after my dentist appt :( wahh 
i remember when you told me that you wouldn't give up on us 😔 
USERNAME i know ! i wish i woulda been ! :( 
“USERNAME hem cahil , hem küstah , hem de haddini bilmez insanlara kim olursa olsun tahammül edemiyorum artık . abi litfen bırakma bizi :( 
i like cute boys and gross boys like me 😔 why 
i am still watching USERNAME videos and it needs to stop . :( 
USERNAME cus im working & no one has even bothered to bring me something to eat :( 
USERNAME wah , i sent a group message . maybe some ppl didn't get it cause they haven't texted me back . :( 
USERNAME we miss ur naked ass on my bed :c 
wings for dinner ..... so un-jamaican of mi ! ! ! nuh likkle rice n peas nuh likkle veg pan d side :'( 
i wish it was back to the way things used to be where we would vent to eachother for hours & stay talking til 6 in the morning 😔 😒 
really going to miss my people in kentucky :( #moving 
so much to do but all i wanna do is take a nap :( 
oh my gosh i going to die ! 😫😫😫 😭 
bradford got a haircut . i miss his curls :( 
USERNAME you don't talk to me anymore ... sorry girl ! ya snooze ya lose 😔 😘 
USERNAME i cant spell it or even say it lol & no :( i been in america too long ! 
as i look back at my old pictures , i had no shame :( 
i don't think i'm opening any birthday presents this year 😭 😭 
if she doesn't make it i sweaa it aint gone be no fuckin reason for me to be here nbs ! she's my other half man </3 
hello my name is whitney .. and i have an #amazon problem 😔 
i wish they would build a jack in the box here . i miss those ultimate cheeseburgers :( 
lot of damage after hurricane sandy ! :( (@ central park - great lawn w/ 9 others) [pic]: URL 
one of the hardest things in life is watching the person you love someone else 😔 #sometimesiwonderwhy 
i watch charlie st . cloud for literally 15 seconds and start crying .... 😭 
now that i know what hyfr means .. people don't use it right at all . like they literally say like whaat 😧 
why is my car making weird noises .... 😓 😥 
about to make a fat smoothie right now . this is my first time eating all day :( getting shakeyy 
USERNAME when ? ! he was my favorite teacher :( 
USERNAME no this is a guy phrase , trust me . 😔 
USERNAME school is too stressful i need a break :( 
i so needed that day with mommy and daddy . #wishiwasntsohungoverdoe 😞 😷 😑 
damn when is my son coming home ! ? mommy misses him :( 
that awkward moment when my mom uses my laptop and she types in a in the address and pornhub pops up . lawd i'm dead 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
watching the golde girls , no steelers on today :( 
USERNAME haha it happens to the best of us ... 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME :( you guys are so mean :'( i just double cried 
USERNAME we miss u :( where r u nowadays ? ! ? ! 
USERNAME ahh man :( can people sign it at least ? 
being visually impaired sucks when it disables you from being able to drive and do anything by myself ! ! ! ughh 😠 😣 😢 
ok . the cold is getting the best of me now . my feet are numb :( 
i really don't feel like driving back to lima , but i have to :( 
USERNAME USERNAME he doesnt care . hell probably care when ifucken faint & shyt :( 
USERNAME she told me ! ! ! i miss you too :( 
USERNAME i'm not going to school tomorrow , does that mean i'm not a real nigga ? :( 
take me home is out tomorrow for the uk not usa ): thats sad for me #emawinonedirection URL #onedirection 
apparently i'm just going to upset and make everyone mad today ... #cool #ilovetoday 😔 👎 😒 😞 
USERNAME wahh i know :( i wish i could have come ! 
shoutout to USERNAME i miss you :( he's silly , always got something to say and graduated on me 😬 follow him ! ! 
USERNAME too bad i won't be 16 for another 2 years 😔 hahahaha 
my days started off slow :c #ohwell it will get better c: 
iphones are like babies , and i've never loved anyone more than my baby 😭 😊 
nene only talks to me when he's bored :( #sadtweet 
i will never get back :( gotta go back south . 
ok maybe i do have a hangover . my head is pounding . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 noo baby come back 
USERNAME it was too late by the time i got em i had to fo threw like 1000 pics to ge t.t he on there .. i was on a time limit 
miss you more and more each day danny #happyveteransday #rip 😥 
USERNAME my bad you pick martin truex junior . well you're not having a very good day as far as your pics go . :( 
it's only 4:15 & it's getting dark out :( ((; 
i want my hot tub back :( :( :( #freezing 
ugh ! they are playing like shit . :( i hate bye week . 
USERNAME tss i had plans to go too until i woke up w/no ticket :( lol 
my moms been like straight up ignoring me ... #whattheff :( 
my gym just closed ! 😦 failed to make it there but succeeded at getting a couch . #timeforwine 👍 
i have the biggest front yard ever and my granddad just asked me to rake the leaves 😣 
i'm just getting used to the taste of this nasty shit and its gone ): 
vick looks like he's crying ! ! ! ! 😢 
i want her to text me ! but i don't know how to ask her 😔 
i hare looking in my wallet to fond someone took some bucks > :( 
USERNAME oh i liked her :( poor kaye her doggy gone 
everything i touch is burningg from chopping jalapeños🔥🔥🔥👀 😭 ahh 
USERNAME i love you too bby i want to turn around :( 
USERNAME i saw u and mama glova in line ! ! ! i was sitting down eating tho 😔 
USERNAME story time on tuesday ... and also happy belated birthday ! ! ! i've been moving all weekend so thts why it's late 😔 
USERNAME this thursday ! i think i'm gunna go ! i just woork all week :( 
my mom says she's gonna kick me out 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME hahaha damn hit me up on the only weekend i was gunna be outta town ... :( 
i miss texting one of my friends who has the same last name as me ... buddy ? :( 
USERNAME i wish i’d had time to even think about it prior to today . :( week from hell . :( 
USERNAME meanwhile the falcons were a massive disappointment . :( why can't i have both great league and winning football ? 
USERNAME no :'( i don't wanna die rick ! ! ! ! 
r . i . p aunt lou . i hate deaths , but they're unavoidable :'( 
peace out , ann arbor . :( (@ trotter multicultural center) URL 
USERNAME i went to the dollar tree to get some stuff and i was expecting to see you there ! :( 
USERNAME really alot ! :( she has been . pretty bad for about 4 days now ! 
USERNAME 😔 😔 me too so i can come get me a plate 
my eyes are so watery and red 😭 i hate getting sick 
i've took three showers today and my hair spray still isn't out :( 
USERNAME so you’ll review a movie on twitter but not on trs ? ! :( 
someone please snapchat/text or anything else #bored #longcarride #onlybyharrisburg 😔 💤📲🚙 
USERNAME gosh yes ! lets try again haha and if all else fails .. pita pita it is .. 😔 
laying in bed for the rest of the night because i'm sick . #hatethis 😖 😔 ✋ 
i wanna be home ): my poor baby is sick and i'm not there to take care of him 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME acabei de passar em frente ao the roxy , sdds :( 
this homework is pissing me off ! i hate being this confused . :( 
USERNAME people honestly disgust me man . that's sick 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ugh ... i missed it all . i was watching florida atlantic and north carolina game 😞 
when my best friend thinks i hate her <<<<<<<<<<< 😢 😔 #iloveyou 😊 👌 
USERNAME and no invitation to watch the new episodes ? ? i'm disappointed .... 😞 
sitting in a hot tub thinking about peoples , while kinda being horny but peoples are over :( 
i'm obsessed with my new black coach purse but i swear to god it's lookin navy blue . 😣 
USERNAME really ? ! still no follow back ? ): 
finally watched the new walking dead 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #toomuch #cantwaitfortonight 
ugh you whores stop retweeting me and not following me . :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME can everyone just leave me alone 😞 
my little sister bought her first thong today 😢 #growingupsofast 
great meeting with mike . future looks extremely bright . the only dark cloud however , he's having some difficulties in his personal life :-( 
forgot my passport . no beer for me :( (@ great divide brewery) URL 
i'm feeling bad for USERNAME she got 8 nominations & lost every single :( 
i come back from home a little early and nobody's here ): #thissucks 
and x-men is coming on next 😭 i love action movies soo much 
USERNAME i was listening to music :( . where you at right now ? 
*sigh* noo skl tomorrow :( america had too much holidays in november ........ 
USERNAME i feel so bad for him , always get the shit beat out of him :( 
dunkin sucks right now so i'm hiding in the bathroom . 🚽😩 😔 😁 
i really thought we had early dismissal tomorrow ... not cool :( 
i wanna live in shreveport . all my friends are there . i live so far away :( #haughtonprobz 
waah i don't feel good :( this no caffeine is killing me 
you know me so well . :( rt USERNAME sick and tired of constant burping ? embarrassed ? 
the fact that i lost my favorite and only ring today <<< 😩 💔 
USERNAME i cry when it comes on just on my phone , when i hear it live my heart drops 😭 😭 
even though we share the same birth date (one year apart), i can't stand kid rock :( #espn #nascar #kidrock 
everyone all wile up pon da tl ... what i missin ? ? :( 
i wish i had a puppy to keep my company . # 😔 
dropping off the schermster . :( (@ mbta south station w/ 15 others) URL 
omg .. i don't know what's wrong with me .. not feeling good all afternoon 😔 
USERNAME it's not its on a saturday :( #ohwell #closeenough 
i would pay someone to make me a homemade meal , i haven't had one in forever 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i brought the stickers home with me 😔 😭 URL 
USERNAME believe me that that's the right decision according to my logic but my dreamy ray-bans are 160 :'( 
USERNAME all the signs are in fucking again 😭 😭 😭 😭 what the fuck are they saying 
USERNAME i'm talking about like after the 30 minutes you're still here like when you leave ): dont 
i serioulsy feel like i was the person that wasn't able to come back to nb for wurstfest :( 
im not jealous .. i just want everything she's got . 💔 
i been eating all day but i'm still hungry ! ughh ! :'( 
USERNAME i guess if you lost money USERNAME and i aren't going to be driving for you :( hahaha 
USERNAME :( tu onde andass & pues ay cuando kieras me dices parake te aga algo asi so mexican ! ;) ♡ 
fml ! future's voice is so sexy >>>> he's ugly tho ): 
USERNAME USERNAME i hope it wasn't the dog from meadowview .. 😢 
sometimes i make to many goddamn typos in my tweets . :c it annoys me . blah . i'm bothered . waahh ! 
it's dark out and it's 5 o'clock ... whaa 😢 
i feel terrible :( i just want someone to cuddle and watch movies with me . 
USERNAME yu nd this song ... lol . i miss yu :( 
USERNAME i have homework 😥 i probably won't do omg 
so hungry ! about to mob on this kitchen ! oh wait , i can't . because i'm still home alone and my fridge still has zero food . #sadtweet 
USERNAME a lot ): it woulda been great for us ): do you ? ! 
i want to watch the notebook but i'm not going to be home :( 
USERNAME oh :( thought i could have a neighbor i dont know about who follows me but .. 
ezmeralda is going through depression and shes texting me about how she hates her life . :( 
i can't believe i'm saying this but i actually miss my brother 😔 
you know ur a failure in life wen ur mom texts more than u do 😞 😔 😶 who are u possibly texting ? ! @ mimi's cafe URL 
i always think laundry takes a lot longer than it actually does 😾 👺😬 
so not ready for the reality that monday brings . 😒 😔 
blah . i'm bored . someone save me from this misery . #justmaybe 😣 😏 
... all of my friends are women ... #sadday #minusafew 
omg what is the doing here at work-____- #allscared 😰 😥 😨 😱 
i hate taking USERNAME home 😔 i feel lonely now and i miss USERNAME 😒 
USERNAME USERNAME ugh we always miss it :( i worked all weekend when is your next one ? ! 
USERNAME i was outta town when you asked me . im sorry :( when you coming back to fremont ? 
leaving your phone in your room all day <<<<. #fml 
i can't sing and play guitar at the same time . :( and my wrist hurts ! 
i miss seeing my neighbors everyday like i did in summer . 😔 
USERNAME omg :-( hope he heeds that asap .. sigh sometimes caribbean men be on this macho stuff :-/ 
USERNAME but i am pregnant .. so that kinda sucks :( 
idk what to do in this situation :( i just need to be as supportive as possible . 
i just want to have a crying session right now .. 😭 
hateing every thought of having to leave my dad for my mom just for her :'( 
i just woke up like three hours ago and it's already dark out :( 
beingg tired and homework on a sunday night why cant we just not har school tommorow ? 🇺🇸 😔 
when you call the one person you want to talk to , to tell them all about your night and they don't answer 😔 <<<< 
when you forget to bring your headphones on a long ride ... #fml 
got to go to laffy friday and pay a huge ticket , suckks :( 
by far the worst day i've had in a long time . 😔 🔫 
my confidence level is to the floor today .. 😞 
we're headed home from ohio 😢 👋 💜 ..... go bears ! @ 90 w URL 
USERNAME it sucks even more now cause it's dark out already :( 
USERNAME USERNAME :'( ((( i'm not home ! ! ! 
this is the biggest problem living in a big city ! :( ” 
ever since we stopped talking .. my life hasn't been the same .. 😔 
USERNAME i feel like we should just be listening to all of this music together and sipping bubble tea .. why aren't we :( 
my mommy came in my room amd call me a dutty nasty ass fucka < :( she rude in ha ass . 
USERNAME it ok i can't go anyway :( i got bball practice at 6 tomorrow morn :( 
ay yay yay , this aspca commercial that features willie nelson's ... 😿 
begging my mom to get me another gym pass )) ): 
oh poo , damn system is down ! no red light therapy today :( (@ tropic tan) URL 
USERNAME i'm still mad u hurt my feelings yesterday girly 😥 lol 
USERNAME now that jb is single , does this mean we're over ? ? ? :( hahaha 
i think i'm just going to go to bed ✌ 😞 #sobored 
USERNAME i'm gonna miss you :-( i hope you don't forget me haha 
i have no idea what i'm going to do after school now 😩 😭 😢 
USERNAME buzzkill if i didn't lose my jumper cables drunk i would come save you :( 
USERNAME omg ! ! ! i totally forgot you're in the bay :( it would've been my first nfl game . :( 
today would have been my grandmas 84th birthday . i miss you more and more everyday ! ! 😥 😢 
it's only 5 but it looks/feels like it's 10 😔 
i always feel sick . something's gotta give ! ! ! ! 😣 
haven't even started homework . i just feel sick .. :[ been sleeping all day . h . w . shall be done at night . 
my bff just locked me in the trunk of her car :( lol 
having someone that you're a huge fan of unfollow you ... #thankstyler :( #feelingthelove #notreally 
USERNAME would u mind shouting me out ? need followers :( 
looking at old pictures just breaks my heart . what happened to me ! ? ! ? :( 
USERNAME i told you i was going to when i walked back that way but when we walked back you were gone 😢 lol 
USERNAME yea i miss you too . but i went to the cabin last night and hung out with a lot of people . </3 you should have been there ! 
my baby has a concusion and an eye injury . :( 
USERNAME sorry i couldn't be there tonight . hope it isn't going too terribly :( 
nashville is always a good time ! hate that we are on are way home to boring ass illinois :( 
USERNAME i kno :( i hate the time ... ehh 
i'm honestly sorry to everyone that i effected by being with her :( especially miquelle and i finally see how fucked up i was acting :( 
well watchingg this movie since my baby iaint called me back . ! 💙 😢 💜 USERNAME 
i feel like burping , but it wont come out ): lol . 
i wish my legs were small enough to wear leggings 😔 
charlie st . cloud makes me miss my sailboat . #sadtweet 
so .. since everybody has been having a bad day needs to cheerup because these tweets are makin people feel bad .. #fml 
so hard to see another friend of mine lose their mom; she is too young to have to deal with this ... #sadtweet 
i want to watch i am number four but i can't seem to find it in my house ... #fml 
USERNAME aww bitch i miss you ! ! ! did your brother tell you i went to go see you and you weren't there ? ? ? ? 😔 
USERNAME i was looking for a red beanie at the mall yesterday and i couldnt find one :( 
i really have no sitter 😔 sucks to be me rite now 
i want a niece or nephew . ! but it's now gonna happen anytime soon ! :( 
ugh :( i :( literally :( want :( nothing :( more :( than :( a :( narry follow :( 
USERNAME lol okay . can i borrow it tomorrow . my mom has some but it's ugly 😣 
we could be watching the end of mike vicks career 😣 
someone erased my scsu video off my phone 👎 😭 
thinking about how sad my niece probably is where she's living literally breaks my heart . 😔 💔 #loveyoukenz 
i really need to get started studying for this exam i have tomorrow 😔 
and why did you buy screwdrivers like we were gonna party 😭 
dang you yahoo fantasy football ): its down today what is 98% of the male population supposed to do today sad 
when people turn off their location services so i can't stock them on find my friends .... :( <<<<<<<<<<<<< 
i wish i was watching the cowboys game right now ! 😢 
USERNAME wow ! dfkm really ? ahaha have fun guys :( ill be studying 
i hate when people give me dirty looks :( it makes me sad . 
USERNAME so sad i don't get to see your shining face tomorrow :( 
delusional misidentification syndrome (dms ): when reason contradicts feelings , the person chooses to believe feelings . #dmsgop 
USERNAME thanks dawg . runway chilling still though . for the next 30 minutes too . :( URL 
i was in the same boat 😭 😭 😭 💁 
wow i just saw someone curse at a child for spilling water ! bitch you need some serious parenting classes , i feel so bad for that child :( 
“USERNAME all i want is to be with my big sister 😢 USERNAME miss you ! 
so sad that we drove all the way out to hardin valley and my senior pictures are rescheduled 😔 
i feel like throwing my scale against the wall ! :-( up and down ... up and down like a seesaw . #myweight 
USERNAME me too :( but at least both of us have people we know on our team 
USERNAME i was gonna put something else but i forgot . 😞 
USERNAME es cualquiera eso :c nos lo merecíamos más . 
i always want things when i can't have them i . e . chick fil a 😞 
they made me and my pops cry in front of the whole church :'( 
rt USERNAME the christian right appears to be on the ropes (keep punching ): URL 
im really bored i wish someone would come nd get me .. :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME my friend saw you both at ktown last weekend after the concert ! omg im soo jealous :'( 
USERNAME i know blaze left and all the good movies are on today 😭 
USERNAME work just isn't the same without you :-( i miss all of you already , soo much ! #337forlife 
USERNAME i'm not doing swimming . :( no ride and my dad is not letting me go with anyone . i'm hella sad . i'm doing it next year tho ! ! 
USERNAME at least your crush knows of your existence . :( 
USERNAME yes u do girl , i want it longer 😭 
best friend is on her honeymoon and all i wanna do is text her . 😔 #missheralready #ugh #leavingheralone #newlyweds USERNAME USERNAME 
wish i woulda been able to see USERNAME this weekend 😣 
well it's been real florida #gonnamissyou #see ya in a week ✌😁 😔 👙👙 ❤ 💚 💜 💙 💗 
it's hard when you look around and see no one standing by your side 💔 
im so heavy hearted right now i know i'm stirring my gift if helping others but jesus help me its getting so hard :'( 
can't wait for next weekend lol 😔 no if ands or butts gonna be with my baby USERNAME 😘 👍 ❤ and who ever else wants . 😁😁😁 
oh my god my stomach sounds like a dying whale 😠 😞 
USERNAME yeah , and skins aren't playing this week #fml 
goodnight 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
i wish USERNAME had her phone . i keep wanting to text her .. :( 
did anyone else just see this nigga pull off like 8 clipper jerseys ? ? lmao 😭 
i need someone to go with me wednesday to get my nails done 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME eww that place is so gross 😦 
i only send sad faces when i'm depressed . :( 
USERNAME aaskfjsd , no e cierto :c ¿como has estado ? 
i want to cuddle , take pictures and watch movies with a kitten ... ugh .. #sadtweet 
“USERNAME climate change may cause coffee beans to go extinct by century’s en d: URL sad ! :( glad i will be dead . 
got really excited that USERNAME was calling me and then really disappointed when he only wanted to use me for information :( 
USERNAME i am so fucking sad . plus i miss you , i wanna throw up because what happened between me nick ... :( 
she don't even wanna go see flight with me :( 
USERNAME when i owned a bimmer , i never parked like that .... parking like might get you keyed :( 
it's depressing how dark it gets so early . 😔 
i love the #cfhsmarchingband soo much . can't believe the seasons over . 😞 
s/o to USERNAME for being real af & for havn some strong ass lungs ! lol . im mad you left mu though :( 
USERNAME no don't cut your beautiful mane off . 😭 😉 🙊 
it's depressing how it gets so dark so early 😔 
well dfac had shrimp which was good , but i'm still hungry ) ): 
gonna go crazy without my bestfriend next year . already miss it :( #loveyousomuch USERNAME URL 
i feel like everything is about to fall apart 😞 😞 😔 😔 😔 😕 😕 
uhoh ... starting to feel sick :( no bueno ... chicken soup please ... :-( 
ugh this research paper is kicking my ass ! :( #gov #needabreak #4morepagestogo 
i would be lonely as fuck without my cat . 😿 
had to say goodbye to one of my bestfriends today :( see you soon love USERNAME #missyoualready #sofunseeingyou 😘 
USERNAME actually . that was mom . bahahah . but then dad said , i got a couple projects at grandmas i need you to do 😔 #ishouldabeenaboy 
poca - everyday (freak mix) (shot by tks ): URL via USERNAME 
USERNAME blinds 600-1200, standard open ... six thousand . #ladiesevents #fml 
USERNAME awh they suckk . my friends all left me too ): 
:( have to pay for my classes next semester ... my pocket is going to be hurting #collegelife 
i need to get my hair done #gettingtoodark 😭 😩 
USERNAME lol :c well how was i sup-oust to know ? 
USERNAME church . i'm about to leave and go back home to the empty abyss that i call home . 😭 
USERNAME stopp i know . i haven't seen you in forever 😒 😔 
someone come over and watch the notebook with me :( 
that really sad moment when the speed limit goes from 75 to 65 😔 
that's how you know i was already used to the life back at the island . 😔 
gonna be crying all night wishing i was with her on her 3rd birthday 😢 
did i seriously just miss charlie st . cloud ? #sadtweet 
time to get to this biology research paper 😣 ! 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( that's creepy i would have yelled stranger danger and ran 
USERNAME 😠 😤 😞 i am still so pissed off for you 
USERNAME my brother wants me to go with him )) ): wanna come 
USERNAME USERNAME i know i know , i shoulda chose cassy :( im not giving up till i get her back tho :$ 
why do papercuts have too hurt so fucking much :'( 
sad because i have no ender pearls to make an eye of ender so i can get an ender chest :( 
there are 10 year olds with the iphone 5 and my mom won't even buy me mcdonalds . :( 
having a meeting at the same time that the bears are gonna play .... probably one of the best games this season<<<< #fml 
fuck i gotta go back to braid . fml :( here comes pain and lookin like a doodoo mama 
today is not a good day ! ! 😒 😞 
having to look and act all happy at work bc i have to have a positive attitude towards customers but inside i'm feeling all down & sad<<< :( 
USERNAME i have no car :( if i gave you gas money could you pick me up please i need to go out 
USERNAME hats off 2 u gats .. dredging thru old feeling hasn't been workin too well for me 😔 
USERNAME imma cry ! :( lol if you leave . 
USERNAME USERNAME noo ! i wanted to be there for that ! ! :( have fun . 
its kinda creepy having chyna looking at me im like :*bites pizza and stares back* and shes like: o_o and when im blowing my nose too :( 
i hate coming home from work sundays 😔 it's the same thing over and overs again ! 
just the dirtiest cough , think i'm getting sick :( 
USERNAME in in the same boat as you right now babe 😔 
after we had an awkward ass car ride i saw this couple making out at a red light and it made me so sad . fuck them . 😭 😭 
USERNAME dang ! ! didn't know you were going to be in milwaukee ! if USERNAME was in town , we'd totally be there . :( 
USERNAME yea i know ! we can't eat her food 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
“USERNAME miss my long blonde hair 😥 😥 but little sister 😘 URL lmao eww . #scrubs 
i miss my soul mate USERNAME 😫😩 😓 😢 😩😫 
my grandpa is so cute and strong . i feel bad cause he has no power , it's freezing , and he's alone . 😭 💔 
i wish i was taller so i could wear some of these cute ass boots i see here ! :( (( 
it was a nice surprise ... jk no inter-dorm visitation ! #flaglercollegeproblems #fml #noasstonight #nope 
i can't twerk with no cateye ! 🙀 😿 😑 @ twerk station URL 
need to go to walmart & get my baby some more medicine ! i hate she even sick ... ugh ! 😢 😡 
i love that movie but i don't wanna watch it again . 😞 😒 
my bitch bad looking like a bag of money💰… 😱 wait so she looks like a bag-of-money smfh 😦 well if that's what you want ig 
tired from a healthy eating :( soo cheat day ! just ordered some papa johns cheese pizza 😳 #shit #workoutextrahardtomorrow 
USERNAME like im supposed to talk shyt to u i can't if ur not watching the game :-( 
the fact that my leather coat still smells like someone ... </3 
dude teaching baya how to bitch slap people was the worst idea ever . i feel bullied by my dog . :( 
i know i'm sorry 😥 jade hates me for it lol 
USERNAME gawd we were cute bffs . #deadtreesfornoemi <3 haha remember when you always forgot haleys name during that trip ... soo long ago :( 
USERNAME you were not in this episode :( i didn't like it ! 
USERNAME USERNAME i use & see them on texting just not twitter :( 
i feel like i'm getting a fever 😥 my face is extremely warm & i'm feeling cold . 
USERNAME that's most likely what ill have to do :( i still have a lot of pre-reqs to go . 
worst day ! i forgave my mom for the shit she put me through . why can't you :'( i need to vent . USERNAME ... i'm calling 😭 
omg lmfaoo disgusting 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 🙅. shit you find on instagram . URL 
i have been wearing a lot of black lately ! :-( 
maybe if i just stop , you'll realize something is missing . hopefully when you do , you care enough to fix it because i miss what we had </3 
i'm gonna turn into a 🎱 (bowling ball fail) 😢 😢 major qq ! ! vikavatdei jaaneyi USERNAME @ ma dang sae bbq URL 
sleeping in my bed = #magical , but still #lonely ! wanna #cuddle :( 
USERNAME i am more than great ! i hope you're having a great time in sa ! i miss you . :( 
getting mad at my phone cause it beat me in air hockey 3 times 😔 i'm playing this bitch all night until i beat him . #kyanastruggles . 
everyones talking about snowboarding and skiing . i'm over here like 😔 🚶 
i hate all my teachers right now .. they all assigned a lot of homework :( 
i really wish i was t the beach right now . 😔 ☀ 
- we make it feel like we together , because we scared too see eachother with somebody else </3 
USERNAME noo t.t i've got bronchitis , i can't smoke lol 
USERNAME i bet :( gaah dude put some ice on it ! 
once you've had a car ... life without one sucks major ass :( 
😢 i'm in so much pain & i left my meds ..... 
i'm pretty pissed that #emblem3 made it into 6th placed > :( 
i just want to brush my teeth and jump in bed right now ? so much to ask for ? instead i've been sitting in my driveway for the past 45 min :( 
USERNAME hahahaha i hate having face hair doe . :( 
i have my last morning practice tomorrow :( tear tear .. last football game 
USERNAME me ! ! ! ! i dont ! theyre a waste of money ! ! ! 😣 
USERNAME :( sending hugs from the west coast ! my dad was raised in new york , some family still lives over there - hope things dry up soon 
USERNAME no i was there she just didn't give me mine ): lol 
USERNAME no i work saturday but i can't go cause i have awareness weekend in school 😞 
i just wish somebody was here &' said that everything would be ok even if they knew it wasn't 😔 😞 
USERNAME lmao you'll get over it </3 you broke my heart 
USERNAME :-( to bad ... more gifts for us ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME she's doesn't . she is mad at me :( i even stopped playing halo for her ! 
i want to get back to otown and tumble ! #spiritelite #beentoolong #withdraw 😥 
r . i . p to my favorite patient u will be truely missed :'( 
USERNAME omg ! i hate you :( post pretty pictures of me ! ! ! :( ((( 
another thing besides the weather that i hate about sf , my food gets colder faster 😞 
USERNAME mi dai dai ya no me quiere ! ! :( 
in order to be loved you have to learn how to love ... that just happens to be my down fall 😔 
USERNAME noo ! i was so looking forward to some calzona action tonight :-( 
crying bc USERNAME never followed me back :( #twittercanchangeyourlife #especiallymine #yourwelcome 
you don't know how bad . i got stood up and now i'm barfing yay ... :( 
the holidays are going to be so different this year :( 
i have the worst cramp ever in my side ! ! someone come massage me :( 
i miss USERNAME so much . we used to be inseparable back at s t.t homas . you r one of the strongest , beautiful , nd sweetest girls ive ever met 
taylor swift why do you sing such sad songs 😭 
yep . 😔 😔 😔 👼👼👼 rt USERNAME 😳 😳 😳 😳 rt USERNAME i actually died in hurricane sandy 
USERNAME claims to miss me , but yet she never texts me or anything 😞 💔 
its been awhile since i've had some good rough as hell sex . #sadtweet lol 
😧 wow #oomf ass is big af ! ! ! ! ! it must be hard for her to find pants 
er with my princess 👑🏥🚑 💔 😢 #picstitch #chop #emergencyroom @ children's hospital of philadelphia URL 
everyone keeps posting pictures of their & i feel out of the loop bc i've never had one :( 
USERNAME USERNAME shamme ): ive been a bum all day 
USERNAME if a homeless man comes up to you & says hi . you don't say anything back . even if you're the same color . #dumbass 😣 
when my original family thanksgiving turns into a party filled with 90 people <<< #losingtradition #losingmeaning #sadtweet 
USERNAME i almost cried . 😣 😖 😣 😖 😣 😖 😣 😢 😢 😢 
i haven't seen ersto for a while 😭 i miss my cousin 😔 
USERNAME i love you too thanks court ❤ ❤ ❤ 😔 
yay . lets get #beatla trending again ... sad . last time it was for hockey . :( 
USERNAME yeah ... to bad everyone has a life :( lol oh congrats on the new job 
USERNAME i haven't made a video in almost a year :( 
USERNAME i know i'm so tired , i got out of work an hour ago :( 
USERNAME i thought it said pugs .. and i got so excited :( 
oh goodness , how many times am i gonna stand in my window butt naked staring at the cars until i realize they can see me too ? :( 
USERNAME ive literally texted like 4 people and noone is answering :( 
USERNAME hahaha sadly im not 21 :( to buy yall drinks 
i just hit the shit out of my shin on the dish washer walking in the dark :( #oww 
i get such bad chest pains 😖 😩 😔 #helpp 
USERNAME yeah it just sucks that i’m starting to get a nasty cold just as i’m about to start a nice 4-day mini-vacation from work :( 
and our scars remind us that the past is real . 💔 
i'm trying to make money off kingsville resale and i'm just finding all this cute stuff i want . #problems :( 
USERNAME :-( nvr mind , i was hoping u could msg me my schedule but i'll just call in the morning 
USERNAME i miss you like crazy . :( ( haven't talked to you forever #comehome 
USERNAME haha i wish ! ! you never hugged me like you've missed me :( you dislike me 
passing six flags ! 3 more hours to go 😁 #exhausted #ineedafart 😣 
USERNAME thats not possible lol wen u around its so diff u couldnt pay me to act that out :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i wanna go so bad :( you better win for me 
jesus christ (official music video ): URL i'm not religious but i'll always love this song . USERNAME 
USERNAME dude aghh i need it now ! ! believe it or not , 3g & at&t service out in lubbock is like 10 times shittier than in ep 😔 
#tweetaboutyourselfandbehonest im scared my brothers autism will keep him from living a full and successful life :'( 
i feel bad soo bad . 😔 r . i . p to everybody omg 🙏 gods with all of yous ❤ 
USERNAME i know , baseball season we miss 6 days :( 
USERNAME i need to see youu #buticant ? </3 #loveyouforevs 
wish i had someone to cuddle with right now . it's cold ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm sad , the controls on all the driving games are pretty horrible . was dying to play super off road too ... :( 
USERNAME well i kinda thought we didn't have school on monday , so i'm not gonna be there :( & whatt the heck ! i don't get it . #ohwell 
USERNAME 😞 i haven't seen you in like 3 weeks ! 
the one game i don't go to and it's the best one of the season . damn me -_- #sadtweet 
#whyrelationshipsend being accused of crap that you're not even doing ! and hating on my trance music :-( #trancefamilyforever <3 
USERNAME don't feel bad ! i didn't go because you couldn't ! so sad :( now i'm being a loser like you and writing paper lol 
USERNAME it's so good . always makes me cry 😭 
USERNAME i can't see the emoji :-( ... i have a android now . 
this sap ass mood that just hit me < 😔 
USERNAME hey , i miss you ): text me <3 
USERNAME nah i'm just chilling at home tonight . feeling a lil under the weather . 😷 😞 
can someone bring me hot chocolate or something hot from starbucks :/ 3 shoots in one day in la/sd , car broke down in the rain :( 
missing my kitty cats :( on the upside , #theoffice was hyssterical tonight . #pranks 
USERNAME lmaoo i'm sorry you had to go through that :'( 
and the song tonight makes my dad cry cause he played it when my uncle tom was dying . 😢 
went to urgent care tonight to accompany USERNAME 😷 😔 
but father never gives me advice . he just gets drunk and beats me every night :( 
USERNAME lol see smh bogus it cool i guess ill see yu another day :-( lmao but i gotta wrk tomorrow 
my emotions all over the place tonight . i just wanna cry 😔 😥 
USERNAME i wish i could 😔 haha one more week ! 
garo ako kasta ! didn't had the appetite for dinner and now in bed getting ready to end this horrible day ! ! 😭 😪 😡 #macpack #welovemackenzie 
migraine phulezz leave me alone ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😤 
i cant believe this , god gained another angel ! rip matt hucks ! #gonrbutneverforgotten </3 
USERNAME oh joy is a funny one 😭 😭 💔 
too bad everyone i talk to or everywhere i look your there too 😳 😭 
i feel like plan b sometimes ; blah whatever . someone or something else is always more important . 😞 
i wanna watch criminal minds but i have to finish my chem hw #sadtweet 
USERNAME ahh i see ! ha too bad i wasn't there 😔 
where's kenyon ? he is asleep early today , we usually watch family guy or adult swim together on thursdays ): 
USERNAME i'm jealous in this moment will be in omaha with halestorm and not at the denver show :( they r avoiding colorado 
USERNAME so sad ! :( but still hoping for USERNAME music in the future . 
USERNAME i wish i could have ! literally went from airport to hotel and hotel to airport :( 
USERNAME i have to go to something else it's not about not having a ticket :( 
thanks to this butthead i won't be sleeping tonight .. the movie's good sucky part is that its in spanish :( 
started talking about me moving during dinner tonight and USERNAME got all choked up 😥 
couldn't . even . say a good speech because my ass decided to start the water works #fml #seniorgame 
that just made me crave candy , but i can't eat it 😔 
i wish i had more followers ! i have such an interesting life i'd like to share with with world ! #followers #wanted 😔 
i'm so tired and i need to do this project 😔 😫 😖 
ahh i forgot my mum at my dads #fml ! ! ! ! ! ! d: 
USERNAME i know ! i don't even like cody that much . i like trevin & nick though .. ahaha i wanted it to be mackenzie . 😢 
USERNAME she hates me . ): lol nah idk ? ! 
why is this heating pad creating more pain ? 😞 
USERNAME it's a lighter brown color . i've tried to wear them together before and it looked weird 😔 
born to fly , but they tryna have my wings cut . </3 
so i'm here feeling for a latenight conversation with USERNAME but he lost his phone :( 
i literally can't stop coughing . how am i supposed to sleep 😞 
i don't wanna relationship , i just wanna cuddle buddy . it's too cold not to have one 😔 
mamachoi: you look bigger today ... me:as in taller or wider ? mamachoi: fatter ... you look like you weigh 60kg ...... thanks mama :[ 
dude , am i really crying right now ? 😔 
let me go to sleep before i get sappy on twitterr :( ugh . 
USERNAME fuck you mean ? ! we need to catch up 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME ok mehnzies i really have to go now .. bye :( (((((((((((( call 911 if you need me 
this is so true ! ! i hope no one does this :( ( URL 
USERNAME yeah im thinking of getting by financing it paying it in mon . payments since i cant upgrade on sprint til nxt year :( 
USERNAME and i was sad that deborah & devyn went home on christina's team :( (( 
day 8: my room . not the same without USERNAME ): #sad #missmyroomie #daemen # @ daemen college - canavan hall URL 
USERNAME was it on the 10 o'clock news ? ? i didnt watch it :( 
USERNAME i can't sleep either :( and i know like lolss my endurance = 🐢 
no vuelvo a hacer esto ! ! i like my bed , and sleep home ! ! quiero ir para mi casitaa ! ! ! 😞 
ugh i miss my bby daddy now :( he called but i didnt answer 
everyone who was suppose to video chat with me has ignored my calls :( <3 #heartbroken 
solo me extrañan ellas :( las amo USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i want winstar .. ): gambling problem ? i feel it comin'. #nobueno 
i need more followers . someone give me a s/o please ? ): 
USERNAME because you'll never march with the best colorguard member ever . i know . :( sad day for us all ! 
last night sleeping with my baby before he leaves for tour 😢 😭 💦 💋 😴💤 
USERNAME davonta said tell the boys happy birthday and he love them and make sure they don't forget about him 😢 
USERNAME it doesn't fit in my bonnet :( it's soo frustrating ! 
the good thing about having a crappy day is that tomorrow can only be better . #nowheretogobutup #hopeful #keepforcingthatsmile 😔 
USERNAME hahah no no me gusto es keno le entiendo haha :( 
USERNAME using the word awesome three texts in a row ... 😾 #bye #nomusicforyou 
i seriously need a fucking night owl as a roommate . having one who actually sleeps is not working out for me .. #ugh #sleepwhenyouredead #fml 
USERNAME how me ? you always stop talking to me . you're too busy for jason :( 
USERNAME no sugar in the tea and especially no 🍪🍰🎂🍧🍨🍦🍫❗ 😞 
tengo 11 seguidores los amo son unicos no en serio ; no tengo mas :( 
the back of my mohawk is black from where my hair has grown out :( 
USERNAME 😔 things arent lookin good for this weekend . my shoulder popped 😳 
USERNAME this sucks count down starts again & naa i don't even know :( (( 'i know baby . can't wait to get my shit 
“USERNAME my hair was like perfect till i fucked it up and died it black 😭 😭 URL da girl in da red hair looks like sum1 
USERNAME i can't think of a name for you :( 
USERNAME judy , spoiler alert ! ! ! ! ! ! 😦 
last night sleeping with my baby before he leaves for tour 😭 😢 💦😴 💋 
i honestly try and be nice to everyone but i have had it up to here with you 😔 
it's been 2 weeks but i think it's finally hitting me . 😔 
omg why isn't USERNAME here sleeping on the top bunk ? te extraño :( 
can't sleep :( i just want to be in my bed back home #collegelife 
USERNAME USERNAME well you could join us . but youre too into playing halo . :( 
so the hospital said i have a cyst on my ovaries . 😔 
planning ambers birthday / baptism is stressfull ! ! 😞 
r . i . p purse . you were the greatest black satchel i've ever owned . you may be irreplaceable . 😔 
i'm so tired , but i can't sleep . i can't stop thinking so much . :( going to read my bible , then a book until i shut down . :/ i miss him :'* 
who knew bleaching your white shoes would actually make them look worse ... 😁 😣 #infinitiprobs #neednewcheershoes 
thursdays are the longest days ever :( and this month is going to be the longest ever ... no day off in the foreseeable future . 
last night sleeping with my baby before he leaves for tour 💋 😭 😢 💤💦 USERNAME 
cold weathers not fun without someone to cuddle with :( 
USERNAME i freaking miss u ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( #bff 
USERNAME aah i miss going after rehearsal with you chaz and courtney ! ! ! :( 
my dad is in the us . so close yet so far awayy :( 
who wants to finish writing this paper for me ? #writersblock :( 
those words becoming a part of my daily vocabulary and that's not cool 😔 
USERNAME i forgot to mention but i told you so ! ! ! he was just using me 😒 😔 😞 😥 💔 
soo my catfish died that night :( . i'm okay , i'm okay but my x-mas gift to myself will be a fish 
but i'm too excited for next week cuz breaking dawn comes out ! ! i think i'm going to cry cuz it's going to be over with ! ! 😿 😩😩😤 😔 
USERNAME i can't :( .. you come to isu saturday and we can prty till the sun comes up haha 
so far , i have nothing to look forward to this weekend . 😞 😒 
wanna go stay at the hospital with my daddy :( #daddysgirl 
USERNAME chillin that was fun even tho im not a sexy wolf or rat :c 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 i'm the happiest guy in the world right now ! 
all these halo tweets are depressing me ... i'm broke :( 
still have this pain in my stomach ... :( (( 
USERNAME shh . i know i'm a freshy :c ugh i'm supposed to be in 10th ;~; 
skipped my workout today & now i feel like shit , i feel incomplete , i just feel off . ): 
USERNAME that stinkss :( do you work this weekend at all ? 
wow i just realized tonight is my last night of being 18 ! i kinda want to stop getting older . time is flying to fast ! :( 
in the end #spongy is the one who's next to me </3 URL 
at least i saw him earlier it really sucks because i'm so close to him 😢 
USERNAME sounds like an awefull night . i'm sorry :( 
i want this pain to go away :( #stupidsurgery #recovery 
don't give someone to much of you because that leaves to much room to get lost in the process 😥 
USERNAME miss yoouu ! ! ! ! ! ! :( ( 
realized how big a role uma thurman as poison ivy played in my going through puberty when i saw the cover of this week's detective comics :( 
its friday i aint got no job and i ain't got shit to do , i wish i could get high #sadtweet 
USERNAME did the wildabeasts kill you ? we heard a trampling upstairs :( from USERNAME 
this dog won't pee . i'm getting rained on :( 
still babysitting :( ... . come home ! im ready to hang with USERNAME 
i'm gonna go hide under a rock a listen to music . #sadtweet 
just got done working . now to do all this damn homework i have . #fuckme #fuckk 😣 👎 
instead of being with USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME , i'm stuck here studying . #smh #fml :( ((((((( URL 
when the only one to make you better is the one who broke your heart<<<< 😭 😖 💔 
i just sneezed like 6 times in a row :/ my throat hurts ! ! ! ! ! ! ! #gettingsick :( 
USERNAME i miss you too :'( haven't seen you in a while that's not okay #sadtweet 
i just want you to come warm up my feets :c lol 
USERNAME i'm getting sick sore throat killing me :( next week or this wknd ! thank uu ! ! 
USERNAME i'm going to a surprise party for my cousin scott . :/ i want to . i miss you and tambo :( 
USERNAME lol . i think we all try to keep out pets happy ! but seriously i feel so bad for my cat right now ! he's puking :( 
USERNAME just clicked on me ... b**ch i want some spaghetti ! ! ! :( 
jaejoong welcome to vietnam 1 tiếng nữa ah :( ((((((((((((((((((((( 
hope i feel better for school tomorrow ! wait did i actually just say that ! ? 😦 
welp , i may have just effed that up . good job jill :( 
oohh that moment when your controller dies when you're in the middle of an intense game of 2k13 #fml 
once a good girls gone bad she gone for ever ... love lost :( 
kept knocking down salt 'n pepper shakers with my elbow :( 
USERNAME aww lame :( well are you going to play black ops 2 ? cuz i need an awesome zombie partner again <3 
sadly i have a test to take in the morning ... 😒 😒 😒 😞 😞 😞 #boo #collegelife 
i miss my mommy , my boyfriend , cisco bisco , and my bed :( 
i'm gonna go watch the perks of being a wallflower by myself 😔 #foreveralone 
USERNAME my sister hit me in the stomach with the back of her hand a few days after it hurt :c 
USERNAME if i didn't have to load again early tomorrow i would ! :( 
when i see people say i'm like wth why is my pregnancy going so slow :( (( 
ugh i hate these cramps ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME yes ! ! ! i sometimes just wish i would've taken spanish :( 
praying that one day USERNAME and USERNAME will retweet or follow me :'( 
not being able to sleep because the second your eyes close you start have some freaky ass nightmarish things #wtf #sigh << :( 
my mom told me if she gets me an ipad it's gonna be my only christmas present 😔 ... at least there's still hanukkah 😊 #firstworldproblems 
prayin my cousin et be ok . 😥 😢 🙏 
USERNAME ahh gotcha ! ! yah idk either cuz i already gave my mom her keys :( ( 
ugh , i can't get my stupid instagram to be connected to my twitter . :( 
USERNAME :( i want dc in the east and ... i don't know about the west . i like the culture of seattle , but they've given us a hard time . 
i just want to get this stress lifted off my shoulders . 😔 😔 😡 
it sucks that i can't talk to my baby when ever i want .. 💔 😔 
so sore . the process of gettin back in shape is a b word 😔 
USERNAME is deadass funny . her tweets be having me laughing od lmfaoo 😢 
i wish my brain would shut up so i could sleep 😔 😐 💬 #memories #overthinking 
i never knew love would feel like a heart attack , & its killing me cause i never cried so much 😔 
USERNAME only of people really done it then their wouldnt b that many broken 💔 out here ! ! ! ! ! ! 
why is it that my phone always dies when i'm watching glee . ugh . i always havta charge it > :( 
USERNAME i've been lonely at home 😖 i miss my hayleigh 😢 
my love for you was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me 💔 🔫 
i regret not going to the house of blues tonight :( (( 
this wire is freaking poking the heck out of me ! 😣 
when customers decide to come in 10 min before closing #shootmenow #iwannagohome 😾 🔫 
my five hour nap from earlier is keeping me up now #fml 
i miss you USERNAME ... where have you been ? :( 
i've never seen a nose bleed that epic . ! i will probably have nightmares about that nosebleed tonight 😢 😳 
why is my head pulsing ? what's wrong with me ? ! :-( 
USERNAME :( what happened ? have they reinstated sugar pops ? 
takin' the drums back home . :( (@ sparky's place) URL 
going to sleep alone & with a lot on meh mind . 😔 
lol i'm surprised kes is even puttin up with me right now , she never used to 😞 
USERNAME not uh ! ' ah i wish i could've watched it 😣 
USERNAME i guess you're right 😒 , even tho i bought them just for your door 😔 
i had no pain & now it decides to comeback . like no 😔 😔 😔 
when things aren't meant to b it breaks my heart 💔 
😔 😪 😭 😩 😕 👎 💔 how i'm feeling 
USERNAME story of my life > :( i'm five foot though lol why ! 
it's been a long ass day .. 😒 😔 😴🌙⭐ 
i'm so sorry ... i'm going to make it up to you ... :( (( 😔 😔 😔 
going to sleep alone & with a lot on my mind . kill me now . 😔 
USERNAME so harry watched u tonight and i just melted :'( . u know its so hard to hear about someone u can't have not even for one . 
USERNAME USERNAME i thought we were .. 😢 please kill me ! ! 
USERNAME lol . but they aren't going lose .😤 its a #steelersnation for a reason . 👑🎩✨▪✨▪. your face when the patriots lose though: 😧 😨 😰 😩 
yesterday was the best day of my life then it was ruined :'( :'( 
USERNAME 😞 😞 😞 😒 😒 😒 i'm done & yes he is 
USERNAME is not coming to my party whaa ! ! ! ! :( 
the weekend my cousins come home i'm going out of town 😭 i miss them . #bffs 
USERNAME ugh . don't tell me that . so many projects :( 
i've never had a kiss under a mistletoe 😔 😢 
im bouta go to sleep hate feeling depressed 👊👎 💔 
i just can't help it ... you were like my bestfriend .. i miss this girl </3 
USERNAME now your just trying to get whaled on :c 
USERNAME i do but i can't ..... i have a birthday party to go to ..... :( 
USERNAME surely isn't so you better wait for me to get into town :( 
USERNAME you guys cheer for volleyball ? o; awh well that sucks i wanted to see you and take a picture in our uniforms 😔 😒 
USERNAME you suffocated me & what shae did to me wasn't nice :( 
USERNAME for fook sake , ya bastid ! hope you get food poisoning becuz its #expired i regret this decision , im eating frosties out of bag :( 
you might think i'm bulletproof , but i'm not 💔 
😭 😭 rt USERNAME imagine dating janelle monae and she takes you to meet her friends , and you meet that group of buffoons 
definitely need a heart to heart with USERNAME tomorrow ... 😭 
#whyrelationshipsend when someone , either side of the relationship , is suddenly killed . happens more than you think :'( 
USERNAME :( i made an account and clicked your email and installed everything ... URL 
USERNAME lol i'm aware it's super cool but i couldn't find any to buy . :( 
USERNAME you were on point: there are no words :( 
its going to rain this weekend and i have an interview on saturday v.v 
USERNAME 😱 😱 👍 i cry everytime i watch it lol .. 😔 😔 but i'm way behind 
USERNAME i was just trying to be funny .. #buzzkill :( 
😱 i think i might have completely broken my ankle now . 😔 🔫 
USERNAME oh sure sure ... that's why you told me today you were my best friend anymore :( (( 
USERNAME i love that song 💙 lol i miss youu :( 
happy birthday to my mom miss her so much ❤ 😞 
i don't wanna go to sleep , but i have to . tomorrows gonna be a long day . ! 😣 
USERNAME k cool .. #unappreciated #worthless #idontmatter #thoughtwewerefriends #sadtweet #depressed #whathappened #hadfun 
USERNAME * chokes on the banana & dies 😭 * lmao 
winter is coming up , which means wrestling season is coming up , which means most of my friends are gonna be moody af due to cutting weight 😔 
i love you lmaoo 😢 thank you rt USERNAME shout out to USERNAME for them good looking midterms 💚 👍 
jesus christ what does it take for a fucking girl to get some sleep 😣 😖 😡 
me and my best friend need a vacation together lol ; we been feeling ridiculously neglected 😣 USERNAME 
guise , deisy hasn't talked to me all day >.< #sadtweet :c cx 
don't have a ride home for thanksgiving . if anyone can help me . please do ! i'm so sad . 😿 💔 
ny bestfriend stalks me talking bout reply i know you online :( ( USERNAME lol . 
USERNAME wow . i just went from dog to monkey to turkey #fml -__- 
everything i've done , i've done for you . but now that i've lost you , what am i left with ? 😥 😪 💔 
“USERNAME michael jackson's life , simplified (print ad ): URL you must see this . 
USERNAME aww :( i hate when i have to work during a galaxy game , you can get updates throughout right , like on phone or tv ? 
USERNAME shit i want one ! :( i hope enough people ordered at least so some people get one ! 
this is really driving me crazy ! ! ! ! 😒 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME what . . . i thought you were going to . . . 💔 
USERNAME like i feel like dying . 😔 😢 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know it's weird ): lol but i have like a class picture and you were in it for some reason 😳 
101s @ brittan (sm ): :roadwork dumbarton bridge 8 pm - 6 am (was: fremont 21 min rte 237 15 min palo alto 9 min) 
84e @ dumbarton (sm ): :roadwork 2 right lanes closed 
USERNAME she got sick 😫with a virus . pray sitter 😭 i need her to heal cuz i miss her normal happy self 😷& pray for my bronchitis . 85% healed 
my knees are aching ! i hate the cold ! :-( @ pine aire apartments URL 
USERNAME sorry ! ! i've been dealing with these pains that don't even let me roll over in bed ): what you been up to ? 
something wrong with me i need to go to the doctors v.v 
i'm sad i didn't get to see alex tonight that much )) ): 
today just wasn't my day . i have a feeling the next week will not be my week either 😔 wth holidays are supposed to be relaxing 
so hard saying goodbye :( 💔 USERNAME miss you more than you know ! URL 
i liked obama until i get my paycheck tomorrow and see how many taxes go t.t aken out ... #diebitch 
every time i want to write i love i write i live uugghh why does the ! ! 😭 😳 😭 😳 
i need to stop thinking about the past ! please go away you awful memories :( i feel like they enjoy ripping me apart . #letgoo 
i won't believe anything until #barunsobti confirms the rumors himself ! not if , not sbs , not a random article ! #notindenial #ipkknd 😪 😥 😰 😓 😩😫 😭 😞 
USERNAME don't know who i am anymore that's crazy 💔 😢 😡 
feet hurt , knees hurt , arms hurt , back hurts , head hurts , and i'm nauseated . call me a baby , i don't care . i don't feel good . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i thought you were cool , dom . 😔 
guess i'll go back to tweeting at USERNAME and tweeting her lyrics . #sadtweet 
picked up a parking shift . worse decision ive made all year . i'm so depressed . i seriously miss everything that happened 5 months ago :-( 
i can't get no dick tonight 😦 😟 😩 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i have a bad feeling about bonnie's time comin 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME mm k mala onda yo keria ir a su pertido pero ahy para la otra :( 
URL i fucking hate not being on the dance team . this was my favorite routine :( ( 
USERNAME no wait was there another one ? ! ? 😭 😢 😢 😢 
when #oomf and i used to spend every breathing moment together then all of a sudden it just stopped because we go to different schools . :( 
omg bobo ! ! he's not even that old though :( ( 
love how my 20 pound dog hogs the bed 😔 😴 
i think that shit almost dead . whenever i think i found someone it fails . 💔 😢 😔 goodnight yall . 
:( rt USERNAME everybody caked up ...... fawk yall lil ugly month lasting relationships 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm still overdue for this . :( #fail is today the last day ? 
i got wheedled in to work an extra shift tomorrow . there goes my 3 day weekend . 😭 but thank god that i have a job ! 
that sleeping pill i took got be light headed . 😞 
USERNAME sorry :( didn't mean for it to be upsetting ! 
#tweetaboutyourselfandbehonest i'm extremely emotional , and then i remember the shit people say to me , about me . 😞 
USERNAME he gave ppl foodstamps . not jobs . now they wanna keep their welfare check . and my taxes are paying for i t.t his is not free enterprise 
USERNAME it sure does its been forever since i seen you :( 
you still mean everything to me . you're just not worth the fight anymore .” 😢 
awesome . i lost my fucking diamond earnings :( my mom is going to murder me 
my drawing is so fucking cute but his left hand is all messed up :( ((( 
i just want to cry because none of my pictures will stay stuck to my walls #frustrating 😣 
i need to be asleep .. i'm so work out . 😞 
USERNAME someone kept me out all night .... #waypastmybedtime #youmeanie :( 
man my dad , USERNAME has more followers than me . #depressing 
i wanna talk on the phone hella bad 😢 who's down ? ? 
USERNAME awe i know i miss you too boo ! :( i stil cannot believe you moved to florida after living soo close :/ 
my poor christa's having the hardest time breathing with her stuffy nose . she's snoring . ): 
i wish i could get a bull pen in 😞 i miss pitching . best sound in the world is the crack of the catchers mitt ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i invited you with me ! guess i'm chop liver 😖 😢 😤 
teenage dream is playing :( i can't take it . it makes me cry :/ 
shit ... i have work for 10 hours tomorrow . drinking tonight probably wasnt a good idea #fml 
it's cold ! ! why don't i have a bf when i need one 😩 😞 
USERNAME :( that sucks ! where do you live again ? and yeah i'm in a hoodie and sweats in bed and i'm frozen 
USERNAME ahh :( poor girl . i'm surprised i haven't had a meltdown yet . 
i been sleeping too much lately .. hope ayn got nobody pregnant :( 
USERNAME you're coming to mc tm and didn't even tell me ! ? :( #sadlittle 
i miss my virgin hair . now my weave falls out alot 😔 #notaweave . 
USERNAME said he was getting me air for my birthday :'( . bitch . 
but still , show a lil nigga some love :( 
kane ran away maybe he will show back up :'( but i got his sister trina still ain't the same :/ .... #missubuddy 
USERNAME thank you , sorry i didn't reply . i'm just not in the texting mood tonight . i'm really tired :( 
it kinda felt like friday when i got home this afternoon ... #sadtweet #hurryupfriday #fridayy 
i don't know what i'll do when madison gets married 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
just feel like crying myself to sleep :( bad night 
USERNAME sowwy :/ me not havin a good day :( 
work at 7am tomorrow is going to fucking suck 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME why do you guys hate me ? 💔 
ii jus want someone who gon be faithful & keep dat shit 103 & love me , flaws & all #isthattoomuchtoaskfor ? :'( 
i just want a boy ! ! ! #seriously something wrong with me ? ? 😞 
just tell me you love me ill give you all of me even doe you don't love me </3 
di maabsorb ng utak ko .. 😢 😭 please ? ? please ? ? please ? ? 😔 😟 👎🙍 💔 #geometry #worldhistory @ anaheim , california URL 
USERNAME ill let you know if i really do it for sure ! i missyou :( 
i don't know whether to break the boundaries we put up or make my walls higher . i can't stop thinking about everything you said to me . 😣 💭 
i just wana the 1$ ice cream thats half chocolate & half vanilla :( 
i'm hungry and want pizza ... but i don't want to drive . and my pizza apps won't allow me to order :-( 
USERNAME lol of course i'm not > :( i am a wittle baby 
i'm so sick of waking up with a headache :( #miserable 
definitely ruined jukebox hero for me . i love finn and all , but no , just don't ✋ 💔 
that audi a4 i saw today though , i want it ! :( 
the new iphone 5 is horrible .. i don't like it at all :( 
seeing the person who was really special to you with someone else in school everyday >> .. 😔 
rt USERNAME been waiting for something that's not gonna happen :( another reason to not giving any more chances . 
USERNAME hey ashley , im sorry :( will you follow me again pretty pleassee 
gotta be up for work in a few hours :( goodnight . 
USERNAME i went to send you a message and its gone . i talk to you on there . it doesn't work if you don't talk back . :( 
#my christmas list: i really want a yorkie , but i have 3 dogs already . 😔 
ugh cant decide if i should be good and go to school or stay home tomorrow 😭 
USERNAME i know i miss it too :( is your team looking good ? 
USERNAME me too we need to do something about our pale complexions #paleproblems :( 
i know , no need to remind me ! :'( lol 
USERNAME ok let me know when your ready to forgive me :( 
USERNAME meant to say mi amor but t 9 messed it up lol nvm just i fail :( 
i wish i could still smoke weed 🚭 😔 #bugouttomuch 
stop retweeting depressing things ! its making me even more sad ! #sadtweet USERNAME 
so that society and the environment class ... open that shit up to non-history majors ! ! ! ! #waitlisted ........... > :( 
USERNAME 😔 .... u ain't neva lyin .... shoot ..... y'all goin to harrah's .... ? ? ? 
can't sleep . 😣 it's gonna be fun getting up for work tm #not 
#sadlife my family is all going to kentucky for lil sis USERNAME senior night & final college vball game ! #loner #stuckintx :( 
i wanna feel wanted :'( . can't breathe . . . 
USERNAME ): i really wanted to go . and be there for everyone . but i had musical theatre rehearsal .. but i'm happy i get to tomorrow 
twitter is the reason i never get any sleep ! 🚫 😞 💤 
can someone please give me a job i really need one :( 
being in love with someone that has a girlfriend really suck ! ! ! :( 
i know i'm tired , but i just can't sleep . i'm too worried about tomorrow . 😔 😒 😣 
my throats hurting even more now since i got that massage 😔 
USERNAME glad i sent you that . lmao #imacrazyhispanic :'( 
amazing game seattle sounders ! sad USERNAME didn't play :( 
all caught up with the walking dead and i have to say i'm a bit depressed . what a sad episode 😢 . 
i feel like my boyfriend dislikes me right now :( 
elthon don't start messing with me . 👿 😡 😾 
USERNAME por qué no me haces tweet ! 😭 😭 😓 😥 
when my brother tells me i can't leave and i have to live with him forever ! :( 
USERNAME when r u guys coming back home ? ! i miss you guys ! ! 😿 :'( 
i don't be trying to start no kind of trouble i just be tryna have some fun ! i swear ! 😔 
USERNAME unfortunately i could not get a pic .. my ninja skills are lacking .. 😔 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! :( skype this week ? ! ? 
why do you hate me lately , i brought you a cupcake to make you happy ): 
USERNAME 😥 i miss you way more ! ! there's no one here with a rack as big as yours ! ! it's insane , i miss those things . #ittybittycommittee 
so not proud of this but i think i am addicted to netflix :( 
ima bout to cry .. my phone is about to die :( #depressing 
when one text takes you from happy to wanting to cry ... 😒 so sick of this bullshit .... 😔 
USERNAME we all need a shoulder to 😭 😪 😢 on 
ugh . 😔 rt USERNAME i hate the shit you do , but i still txt you back & say i miss you too… 
USERNAME why did you unfollow me ? #sosad #hurt 😿 
USERNAME not even in wisconsin ? come on :( (( 
can't believe chris brown n rihanna engaged .... wow he was suppose to b mines :( 
USERNAME been handicapped :( hopefully you'll be seeing me soon doe ! 
USERNAME USERNAME all i'm asking for is one more chance ! 😭 🙏 
i wish i could be in his arms right now . i miss him very much :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME we ignored you ? #how # :( 
someone take me on a date to december nights this year #memories 😪 😕 💔 
agghh ! florida remains the butt of elections jokes :( 
i would not be able to sleep the night before i have two tests in the morning 😔 
oh no got to do some thing about this situation/. before it gets out of :{ 
how come everyone found their partner and im the only one who didnt :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm praying hard . i love you 💔 
USERNAME shane died :( lol i will be caught up by this sunday . 
drawing is soo frustrating sometimes why can't i have just one good drawing today #fml 
hate hate hate seeing the people i care about sad :'( 
i made my hot chocolate too hot . i almost burnt my tongue :( 
whywhywhhywhy do y'all fight so much 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #creeperstatus 
part of the reason i smoke & i get high 😔 
a reputation that is built off of a lie/lies is a hard reputation to maintain .. otoh i got a headache .. :-( 
someone help me with my college application 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME hahahahaahaha 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 niall has to be mine . like please 😭 😭 😭 ❤ ❤ ❤ 
i refuse to get sick damn it ! ))) ): #noo #feelingasorethroatcomimg #fml 
USERNAME aww i miss us we were funny :-( 4 ur ojos onlii 
at the airport .... waiting to go home .. :-( 
i tried to see USERNAME and USERNAME before i left but they didn't answer the door :( 
USERNAME that explains a lot :/ love is hard to get but easy to look for :( 
guys are so dumb sometimes i swear .. like why even text me #whyimgonnabesingleforever #femalepains #ugh :( 
USERNAME ugh worst ever ! they should probably just end the show :( 
it’s been fairly ugly for a while now . :( 
it's hot as shit in my room . i like sleeping in coldness , not this . 😥 
i really just want a horchata smoothie okay ? 😭 😒 
a drop in the ocean would come on ..... memories ahh this kills to see how we became 😔 
if someone wants to be a part of your life theyll do everything possible to make sure theyre in it 😔 
my stomach is hurting again ugh its like wah wah :-( 
i wish that little shop was in my range . even seymour is a low tenor . :'( 
i have a 89 in marketing i wish she would grade something so it would be an a on the progress report 😣 👎 
USERNAME ugh ! you just reminded me i have hw too :( 
USERNAME phones dead , i have scott's , i'll call you tomorrow :( ((((( i want the details for your trip 
listening to all the music me and USERNAME listened to when we were kids makes me wish i was little again . :( 
USERNAME oh bless your heart ! so naive ! #poorthing 😞 
sometimes i think i'm blessed that i've only had 1 or 2 pimples in my life . but then again , that's just another weird thing about me 😔 
not being able too go too sadie hawkins this year :( ( <<<<< 
USERNAME not paint your windows ? ! ? ! :o :'( 
mom came in the room & i lost it ... 😭 
my carlos wanna spend the night with me soo bad but ii don't be having time for him :( 
USERNAME my best friend didn't text me back today . 😞 
i want tomorrow to come , i want some chicken nuggets :( 
USERNAME omg me too . :( whyy whyy whyy . 😔 😩 ! ! ! lol i need u here helping me study for this history exam tomorrow . #gonnafail 
that sad day when your favorite candle is done burning <<< 😔 
USERNAME i just moved :( so everything is a mess 
i miss being forcefully cuddled by summer while struggling to get free :( i hate it so much but i miss it . #truelove 👧👶 ❤ 
i missed glee and i can't find the episode anywhere on the internet 😢 😩 
the person who just followed me got me so excited cause i thought it was this kid till i saw the whole name ! #manimissyou 😔 
i wish kyle's dad didn't tell her not to talk to me i really liked talking to her 😔 
i really really miss my tongue ring ... i should have made up some excuse to mom why i couldn't take it out ... 😞 👎 #gottagetitredone 
i really need to go for a doctors check up soon ! not feeling good 😢 
grey's anatomy never fails to shock and awe me #lovequotes #rip 😥 
y'all . i'm honestly not sure where in atl i am right now . but i'm on a marta bus hoping it takes me to my car . #sadtweet 
USERNAME haha i just don't know ! it's a hard choice :( 
USERNAME :'( okay . lmao . where do they sale them at ? 
wish i could make every girl on the #smhvb feel better but i cant 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME i know lol , but it's been there forever 😔 
if only i was born one month earlier 😞 guess i'll just have to wait another year 
this bitch said her girlfriend look like wanda off living color .. im weak 😭 
i feel asleep on the couch , and my sister made me get up and go to my bed , and now i can't fall asleep ! :( 
i hope those damn cysts aren't back ! ! ! ! ! 😢 😓 
i wish i had got to see the babies tonight :( 
i just used my ugg boot as a cup holder for my arizona , i'm ghetto 😔 
guys please 😢 i know some of my followers can drive :( 
maan , i wanna go to bed but i don't feel like getting off this couch :( 
i wish it was normal to carry cats around like it is to carry dogs ! ): 
USERNAME don't make me excited like that 😔 text me 
i've been in bed all day sick as fuck :c 
i'll literally cry about three days from now because i know i'll miss my parents too much #dontgo :( #brazil #vacation 
i'll be walking around like a nazi zombie . 😔 
USERNAME drink a shot for me friend i need it :( be safe call me 
my husbandd goes to afgahnistan in less then a month :( nd i cant see him for a year 
USERNAME i followed you , you didn't follow back :( 
brother jhusst told me he doesnt want me as his sister , that he wants USERNAME </3 #hurtful #sad 
USERNAME dean i just like a really bad seizure and hit my back really bad it hurts like a fucker :( i have no booze can i get some love 
i can't believe birds part 1 got deleted from my phone 😞 
just fucked my face up trying to pop this stupid pimple . 😭 😡 
USERNAME i know ! he says it happens during lunch , & now he doesn't want to take his lunch anymore cause the kid doesn't let him eat ): 
USERNAME haha yea prob not a good thing :( ( 
ughh i dnt wanna write this paper i just wanna go to sleep 😭 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( it was either that or no twilight :( (; 
i need to be tired . i've got a long ass weekend ahead of me . someone talk to me till i can sleep . :c 
when i'm honest with him he gets mad 😑 what do u want me to do lie ? ! ? ! 😞 
my mom can't have ceviche without beer ? why does she do this to me 😔 
it's just time to let you go . i have done all i can do to keep you with me . but i can only do so much . now it's up to you . 😔 💔 
lets go , clippers ! y'all fuckin up .. 😯 😞 🏀 ❤ 💙 
USERNAME lol it sucks being young 😔 but let me know when u find out the dates ! and we gotta hang out the first night u get here ! 
i've come to realize that the people who know me more than any other are the people that are never around anymore :( 
USERNAME these are vibrams . ive only seen em online :'( URL 
am i the only weirdo that shave everyday ... 😳 😥 
i miss logan so much , we used to be so close :( 
truu ! 😔 rt USERNAME i'd rather be the girl that used to be than to be ugh just that girl 
the cupid shuffle is on and i'm not drunk enough to do it #sadtweet 
don't leave food put at whatever my room number is cause it will be eatin trust me no more chillie 😢 😢 
i feel like so sick ... someone save me 😩 😭 
USERNAME sorry im slacking on texting back my phone decided to be lamee it wont turn on :( ( 
how i can't go to sleep because my body is still shaking 😭 😭 😭 
i wish my baby was lying by me ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm sorry i'm afraid i don't know what your talking about ...... ? 😦 😬 
USERNAME that last part you made it sound so mean ! like i was selfish . i'm not selfish :'( lol 
USERNAME noo ! ! i will be so mad 😭 
USERNAME ill call u when i get a break cause i'm at work 😞 
gonna say one thing seizures one day i will defeat you . im so tired from having them but then there are people worse off just feel like :( 
chris making fun of me 😔 not knowing i got sick& lost some hair . 
USERNAME yeah he was so sad too .. his eyes were all puffy 😞 
on full house it's 'bring your daughter to work day' neither of my parents would ever take me bc i was a un-behaved child . :( 
i literally have knots on every inch of my back :( i need those rubbed outt ! ! 😢 
its nice catching up with old friends #memories it sucks losing touch of them 😞 
USERNAME unfortunately not as easy as that :( after a lot of work arounds should be able to figure something out . 
when everybody texts me at the same time -.- .... and when everyone suddenly stops :( ... lol 
USERNAME no :( i wish i had money for some ! 😭 
shoulda kept the beard :( it was comin in thick to ! 
when you notice bad kerning in your own handwriting 😔 #graphicdesignproblems @ my thesis table , gloucester 2 URL 
USERNAME it is really its killing me but i still need time to get my head & heart straight :( 
metallica is the only artist that i sing along to and hum to . lol that guitar solo is just so catchy 😢 
USERNAME so do i babe ! i'm glad you have been a part of my life . even if i never see anymore :-( you i'm thankful for you n i love you 
USERNAME ima miss you too .. :-( ill come by a visit .. 
USERNAME he smells yummy ! you still can't you still can't touch him ever again ..... 😡 😠 😭 
i just want to cuddle right now 😔 i need to get someone who feels the same way 
USERNAME shut the front door ! me too i wish i had some :( sonic . but i eat pringles instead . 
a life wit #imwge part3 (mg_imwgent ): URL kum fuck wit #illmilly cause there are plenty more of kickin it wit us x15 
my snapchat keeps opening pictures on its own and i don't get to see all the boobies i deserve :( 
the new mac size is awsome ! i want to get one :( 
i won't be :( ((( but hit me up this weekend ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
something literally popped in my upper thigh when i was stretching after working out and the pain is slowly increasing ... is this bad ? 😣 
i get given up on so easily . and it's finally starting to get to me .. 😔 
i regret nothing ... except for the choice of food i make . i shoulda went with the pizza mangg :( ( 
when you're single and there's nothing to do tonight :( 
still hasent came all the way through my head that i'm done playing hockey . #sadtweet #regret 
soo tired ... passin out in a few #fml #iamtired #ineedacuddlebuddy 
that sad moment when the tanning bed turns off and you have to get out . 😞 
USERNAME no wonder i haven't gotten no texts i just thought you didn't wanna talk :c what happened to it ? 
i wanna watch a movie , but i don't have my glasses so that's not gonna happen 😔 
what am i gonna do with my fishie ? ! 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME nikki i aint hitting you up ... your mean to me :( 
i'm still upset i have an incomplete set of $200 shoes 😔 
USERNAME :'( i wanna go but i didn't get tickets ... #wanttodie 
seeing babies in nicu cause they're born too early breaks me down . </3 
i don't think i can level up that fast :( i still need like 450 tweets 😞 
anybody else hang their head when they see the chiefs are playing on monday night football ? 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME omg , it was brent ! ! ! shit , i get all you boys backwards .... sowwy :( 
the fact that USERNAME can't call me to tell me to get back to our room anymore makes me sad :( #wahh 
i cannot stop getting sick ! this infection has got to go .... i can't keep anything down :( haven't ate real food since sunday . 
no basketball tryouts for me next week .. ): #pissed #fuckedup #sadnight 
USERNAME i hope econ dies ! ! ! ! :( 
i think i'm gonna do it tomorrow ugh this sucks 😔 
USERNAME i know .. , i miss y'all too 😭 😢 
USERNAME hey chris just wanted to know if i could get a rt back sending some love been having seizures and its getting 2 me :( love ya 
love when my boyfriend doesn't talk to me all day << 😔 😒 
i wish i could cruise back roads at night ): 
virgencita de guadalupe , ayudame con mi tarea :( lol 
dropped my phone broke my fucking screen . fml ! ! ! 😡 😢 😡 😢 😡 😢 
i don't know how i have anything else to throw up . this cannot be real life . i've lost 6 more pounds ... what the fucking fuck ! ! ! ! 😔 
USERNAME so annoying . i was literally on and off sleeping from like 930 dead tired and now i can't sleep :( 
wish i went to the team bio party tonight 😔 
dont believe me but it is cause its the first time ive cried for a girl :( 
my dog woke up cause he smelled my food :( ( 
i want a dog ! ! ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME straight disrespect :( wiz iz the man ! ! ! 
hooping was chill tonight . i was off . 😔 
finn did not just say that ! ! ! ! > :( #glee 
USERNAME lol damn that sucks you can't see emolji's :-( haha 
dearest migraine , if you would see fit to sod off proper like i'd truly appreciate it . thanks in advanced . 😞 #headachegoaway #migrainessuck 
#tbh because i miss my bff USERNAME 😞 @ zura hall URL 
ya'll im so hungry its ridiculous , i really wish i had my car 😔 
i know i said it earlier , but my head really hurts . i won't be surprised if i go to the doctor tomorrow and i have a concussion :( 
USERNAME i am so jealous , am stuck with this project all night :( 
USERNAME taking that as a no :( aw man , it was worth a shot ! haha . 
USERNAME i bet :( i hope everything is done now ! 
#stopsmokingzaynweloveyou #stopsmokingzaynweloveyou USERNAME we dont wanna see you sick :'( xx 
USERNAME i've been missing so much lately ! ! ! waah . 😔 
spice up yer life😁 😭 😲 💃💃 #np #spicegirls #tbt @ spiceworld🇬🇧 URL 
you know whats gay ... my case does not show the apple logo .. :( 
who is awake in lafarge . i literally cannot sleep alone tonight . help . 😔 😣 😶 
chris i'm no longer replying at people , only tweets 😔 
talk to me ... :-( @ park lane east aprtments URL 
i'm mad at you , leaving me to cuddle with no one :( 
why am i so fucking stupid ? #nohope #youregone #lostmybestfriendforever :( 
i have to finish my history notes ! #nolife #fml #sosleepy 😩 
USERNAME yeah i know and it was just like a hi and bye situation :( 
i feel like i need a nite lite in my room .. yes i hate the dark . USERNAME made me not want to sleep in my room any more :( 
sleepover ! ! USERNAME #kellis USERNAME USERNAME your missing out :( 
USERNAME had 3 gave them away when i moved during the past 3 days ayy amiga ! no ! :( 
who's gonna come visit me this weekend , since i cant go out :( 
... physically , mentally and emotionally drained . enough is enough for one week . #whathappenedtomynormallife 😣 
USERNAME hate my life ... that's what i'm doing right now . #blank #fml URL 
i miss those people in my header man . 😔 😟 
i just wish USERNAME would notice me . :( one day lindsey . one day . #dbdo #directionerthing 
happy 19th birthday riley i love you and i dread the day move out 💔 💔 URL 
thank god for need for speed ! 👍 2k was gettin reckless 😧 ⚠🚫🚯🎮 #boyproblems 👊👊@ skylar_hudson USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME i feel depress if i drink alone 😔 
it's their 9 month anniversary tomorrow ... i hope nothing bad happens .. 😢 💔 👪 
USERNAME everyone gone and done ran outa state to college ! :( 
jk no sleep yet . preparing myself for the dreadful studying i have to do all weekend :( 
really wish he would get up but it don't look like that's happening :( 
USERNAME USERNAME life seems so much better with a twin 😔 
i miss my dad .. before he was crazy . and my gpa has been gone for like 10 years and i really miss him . 😭 
wanna know what's worse than a root canal ? a root canal in your front tooth . #discolored #fuckbraces #fuckteeth #fml 
USERNAME smh yu ain't got it all ... 😧 i'll pray for yu lol 
USERNAME omg don't cry🚫 😭 ! and get a bottle lol 
miss you both already ! 😭 😢 😥 USERNAME USERNAME @ terminal 3 URL 
USERNAME aww , i was going to ask you if you'd be in so cal on time . :-( 
USERNAME i'm sprryz it's cause you always have to come here :( but rugbys almost over ! i can come home to see you 
USERNAME & USERNAME were in missouri . i'm crying . need to meet them . 💔 
i wanna buy another pitbull , i miss my old one 😔 
USERNAME i might not either 😢 💔 😡 😡 😔 
omg krysten my daughter won't stop snoring in meh ear . > :( i'm trying to watch glee ugh :( 
USERNAME ahh i'm trying nothing is comin up except actual songs 😔 
and the wondering mind games begin . as i'm trying to sleep :( need a double dose of something good to knock me out . #rudethoughts 💚 
wish i could be as comical as my mother and my bruderr tonight 😣 USERNAME 
i need USERNAME right now 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 
if im not better by tomorrow im gonna be so mad 😣 #sosick #hatethis 
wow im praying for the little girl who got kidnapped :( 
USERNAME you kmow when i hit my head on the sign ..... i didnt do itbo . pourpose :c 
USERNAME thank you :( , elshar ma yjek <3 .. miss you btw . 
when my grandma leaves , it's gonna be my sister , my baby brother , and myself for two months straight 😞 
USERNAME i have baby fat to loose ... :( i have 1 pair of jeans that fit 
i got one goodnight text ... it was from my mom . thanks guys , really feeling the love . 😭 
USERNAME grre it's cool i understand did u get the 7/26 ? i went crazy n got like 3 sets lmao 😔 
USERNAME the test for 1st period ? dude i didn't have time to study today either not even for government :( iltoo busy and not i'm tired 😔 
USERNAME you kinda hurt my feelings 😔 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME haha muy poquito , pero yo no lo hablo muy bein 😕 😥 
USERNAME hahaa no i officially woke up when you guys were about to leave :( i'm sad i fell asleep . 
USERNAME no don't ever get one ! ! ! they are bad luck apparently when you are 27 yrs old lol i have one .... :'( (( 
yall favorite that tweet like yall are proud of me :c ... don't yall want me to stay safe at home or something ? lol <3 
hate the fact that i'm going back . f*ck i really don't want to . 😞 
ugh so not ready for this test at 8am :( 
how i'm going to bed feeling . 😳 😔 😥 😷 
i have some weight to get off tomorrow ! 😔 😪 😥 
im gonna go hide under a rock & cry my eyes out cause im not seeing #1d tomorrow :( #fuckmylife 
USERNAME i knoow . i hate that , it hurts so bad :c 
dang that moment when my bestfriend doesn't text me back or at all any more , :( ( and then yall have to work together 
USERNAME where man :( why am i always the one not invited 
going to bed now so i guess this is a good night ♥ ): 
hoping USERNAME && USERNAME live . ermahgerd . 🙅✌ 😕 😭 😁 
every time i tweet i'm just like i miss the brown ombre dark brown crap :( 
still miss a certain canadian . 😔 hope to see him again sometime . #fuck #sotired #gettingemo 
tomorrow working 6-3 ... why am i not sleeping ? ugh 😧 
USERNAME what ... cindy's r . i . p . d :'( ( 
rampage fighting jan 26th ? ? ? last ufc fight ? :( gurantee imma support 
USERNAME USERNAME o burned it out of jealousy . 😔 
humm hopefully he calls cuz i miss him ! ! ! :( ( 
why are they so cute ? ! .. i'm so jealous 😒 😔 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME yes ! i'm always here in mt . p alone :( my roomies work nights 
USERNAME i know me too ! i'm like soo scared now :( . #imtooyoungtodie 
just hardcore twitter-creeped on USERNAME #awk #ish #notreally #missyou :( 
having one of them weeks where you just dont feel wanted . maybe things will look up this weekend . #fml 
USERNAME i dont know what those little emoticons are :( #noiphonelife 
USERNAME bellensten ? is that a new teacher ? i really don't want to drive to moorpark :( and i've heard oc sucks too ! gosh lucky us lol 
USERNAME i even told my mom . i believed you .. 😔 i got all exited . 
USERNAME i tried buying little things on itunes today and i couldn't find it anywhere ? ! ? :( (((((( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME woh woh woh ! us too cool for you ! ? if i don't recall i got dropped bc my skin wasnt dark enough 😔 
remembered i had to read and its a lot .. #fml 
almost 1 and i'm not even tired and i'm bored ! :( 
USERNAME you wanna party the one night i'm gone :( 
tonight your memory , burns like a fire . with every warning grows higher and higher . 💋 💔 👼 i love you tori . #missyou USERNAME 
on trial day 1 tomorrow . still fighting back . but hella nervous :( 
i hate seeing friends cryy .. kill me now serio :( 
april , i don't think you did . if you did , i missed it . 😔 
wish it wouldn't have come down to this , but it did ... #roughday #startingtogettome 😔 
USERNAME naw he had money . he just started to get too controlling :( 
probably going to have nightmares about big foot ... 😭 #notgood #someonecuddle 
USERNAME USERNAME noo :( (( i took this weekend off to go visit regis ! 
USERNAME USERNAME this weekend ? oh fine ... have fun without me :( 
i miss you too ! are you ever coming home ? :'( 
USERNAME :( is it not letting you update your phone ? 
first thing my mom tells me when i walk through the door from work , then walks away . i’m hungry… :( 
USERNAME had the cutest tbt of us but it didnt tag you :( 
USERNAME i'm homeless :( lol jk my moms for now 
it's so hard to put it down ! but i have go :( good night 
USERNAME thank you , dari ! i'm glad i'm thought of ! i miss you ! & i wish i could have been there , too :( 
still up studying . and won't be done for a while . #longnight :'( 
taco bell is closed ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i miss my shonna boo very much y'all don't fuck wit meh know more :'( 
i'm so happy more and more people are starting to like childish gambino 😭 
i seriously need to find something better to do at night besides smoke and text USERNAME knowing she won't text me back . 😔 😒 
USERNAME shiit girl . would you be able to take me home before practice or no :( 
i thinking raging so hard at USERNAME last weekend is now giving me growing pains ! ? my joints hurt so bad :( 
wish i had a time machine ... i have a much need rewind in request ... :( 
USERNAME awh i miss that little guy i haven't seen him in so long :( 
i always feel like i'm forgetting something when i pack 😣 #annoying 
my brother is such a pain but i'm gonna miss him when he's gone next week 😞 💔 
why is it that i can barely fall asleep lately and when i do i wake up around 3am and can't fall back asleep #messedupsleepingpatterns 😭 😴 😱 💤 
laying down & then realizing your charger is still in your car <<< 😣 😞 
USERNAME haha shoot man you just lectured me on this awhile ago too ! ! haha i’ll try 😔 
i hate when i get so upset that i get to the point where i feel like im gonna get sick ! :( 
USERNAME first i get lost at white rock for 3 hrs . then i come home , internets down and my assignments are due at midnight :( fml 
USERNAME my manager called me an asshole today ..... and all my coworkers called me a jerk ... join the club 😢 
i'm just ready to go to bed . this day needs to end . #longday #sadday #badday 
USERNAME dude were you at the game ? ? ? i didn’t see you :-( i waited by the buses and everything 
i really want to go to zoo lights this year . 😔 👌 
USERNAME meep i wish you were here i would def make it for you :( <3 3 
USERNAME USERNAME ahh ! beach season ! ! ! ! and no :( ( why you saying somethin ? ! haha 
USERNAME #ratslayer ... but seriously ... no , dank ass osky rats > :( 
sad 😔 my friend got stabbed in the lung & died in the hospital 😢 😱 😥 👎 🙏 look over him & his family #rip felix 
USERNAME oh how lucky you are ! my dog passed away a year ago , and i pine for him . can't get another dog due to health and finances . :-( 
the news i just received ! ! ! 😢 rip big cuzz 
USERNAME it's is one of the saddest every . :( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 i love you ernesto ! ! ! be mine . you're mine ❤ ❤ ❤ 
USERNAME i can't believe you got eliminated this is so depressing :( wow im gonna miss u so much on the show 
ugh . fucking ugh . i just blah ! fuck man . :( 
i like seeing you on my t . l . but when you're not flirting with other guys i hate you cause i'm jealous its not me . :'( ever . lol . 
one of my classmates already in jail . 😔 😧 #notsupposetohappen 
USERNAME USERNAME hits been about a month for me :-( 
stop telling me you love me your making my cry :-( #lovestinks 
not talking too you at night makes me not be able too sleep ... ): #missurvoice #pleaseanswer #iloveyou 
USERNAME :( why must everyone ruin the show for me . i should like , unfollow everyone . jeez :/ haha 
USERNAME i hate it :/ they don't pay you what its worth :( 
is there anyone out there that would actually reply to my texts ? 😔 
crying all night . ): atleast hes there for me . 💔 USERNAME 
i wish i would get a text from her at least one saying fuck you or something ! :c 
i just wanna sleep next to my boyfriend all night . but no im working . 😞 
i just want to be with you all the time , so this doesn't happen :( 
soo i had a gatorade and thought of you ! ! USERNAME :( 
esto lo describe todoo ! ! ! v.v " URL 
wow just retweeted something with a spelling mistake ... do not judge me 😭 
USERNAME don't remind me ! hahaha i want my bed but i don't wanna come home :( 
USERNAME USERNAME dang as soon as i leave huh ? i'm hurt :( 
had a great time with my bestfraand/ main bish tonight . USERNAME miss her already :( 
i hate when i forget what i was gonna tweet ... 😣 
i haven't even seen my baby niece chloe yet . :( 
they playing this wack ass k . michelle song 😔 
USERNAME hahaha omg . as much as i want to watch thatt , i don't think i get that on my channels . 😣 😔 
you're so fat ! no , mr . donut . i didn't mean it . 😔 😘 😘 😘 
pulled my back out :( hurts to move . but if that’s the biggest problem i have today i’m doing good . peace , love and pma 
wanna go for a midnight drive but don't know where his car keys are 😣 
“USERNAME rt USERNAME i swear i'm about to take USERNAME in tonight's dream . i got money on it URL lmfao 😭 
USERNAME imagínate , bajar todos los following hasta recordar cuando eramos /maferrms and /sofialegc wtf :c . 
USERNAME i wanna do it so bad . :c but i don't have it 
USERNAME why is tonight such a bad night ... :( i'm crying too 
these cramps will be the fucking death of me . 😭 😭 
wish i didn't have to sleep alone every night 😔 #missingmycuddlebuddy 
USERNAME but don't you live in the states ? 😔 
& someone's been trying to break into my room . my daddy boarded my windows 😔 
i think i should just give up on life cause theres no reason for me to be in this world if i just lost my bestfriend/girlfriend :'( </3 
USERNAME yeah i feel you 😔 but one day girl , you'll find happiness sooner or later 💗 
going to bed late again . 😞 this better not be a habit . 
USERNAME :( aw i'm sorry ! well you gotta try and make it work , it's not easy tho but it's a freshie prob lol 
well ... i def need a new bumper now . #fml 
USERNAME i voted for you tell people to follow you and do everything but you still havent followed me back :c 
is it wrong that i want to be fought for and not fought against ? 💔 
#mentionsomeoneyouregladyoumet USERNAME oh btw i miss her like crazy :( 
all this homework makes me not want to go to school tomorrow :( 
continually playing my accident in my head when i close my eyes = no sleep for alex tonight . 😢 😢 😢 
i'm so bored ! USERNAME wake the hell up :( 
devil bear all packed away 😔 so i'll sleep with your picture tonight 😊 
i'm pissed ! i can't believe your off the show ! a voice like yours is one in a million :( USERNAME 
so unhappy right now , but i do this to myself 😢 #emotionaltweet 
USERNAME nothing just laying down still sick . :( but it got alil better 
USERNAME USERNAME lol i'll smoke half a black for you . i don't have no connects ): 
USERNAME i know im just saying every today was like 'kicking it w . the homies tomarrow' and know waats going down i wanna know too :( 
literally just spent #6 straight hours doing homework ... #fml #thisisnotright 
fuck this cold ass weather . and we’re not even in december yet . 😟 😧 
i wish amanda perez would make a new song already ): 
USERNAME 😞 😳 😳 😳 omg 6 ? ? ? hard worker no wonder you love to shop ! i would too ! ! you goo girl ! better get some rest than ! beauty 😴😴😴😴 ❤ 
i sure wish my papaw was here . i have so much i want to tell him 😔 
another night i can't sleep , i'm going insane #fml 
USERNAME like i hope amanda doesn't hate me still . i was being an overdramtic bitch then ... 😢 
i really was looking forward to watching #skyfall tonight . 😔 
i'm so sick it's not even funny .😷 😠 😥 
#greysanatomy omg dr . thoms ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( (((( 
didn't wanna cry tonight . 😞 damnit i miss you . USERNAME USERNAME 
why if i'd where to be the way i used to be before 😔 😒 
maybe ill just crash in bp tonight :( #cold USERNAME 
i want to go home and sleep all my worries and problems away #life :-( #upset #stressed 
why in the heck is my ear starting to lightly hurt ... i don't like where this is going 😞 
i don't think i could ever date or talk to someone when all they do is party ... like yeah it's fun but that gets old 😞 
the feeling getting hurt to much way to many times ! ! ! :'( 
i wish someone would call me and make me feel better </3 
USERNAME : i can't believe you done forgot about me 😥 
USERNAME um did i not just send you like 10 super long texts telling you how you deserve better ? 😔 😉 
USERNAME boo will you ever notice mee ! ! :( 
USERNAME to get the point shane dawson i love you . ❤ 😭 
#highdea let's go put a bunch of weed in a volcano & when it blows up the world will be high . or maybe it'd just disolve in lava :( 
i have the dry pill feeling in my throat from taking my medicine and i can still taste it 😞 
- i can't deny it . i'm a fuccin rider 😔 . 
USERNAME hahaha i do my best to keep your spirits high ! we may have to wait til winter break for a get together :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME it sounds like it ! i wish i could partake , but i live so far away :( 
USERNAME i don't know :( i might be going to visit cody :( (((( are you coming home for thanksgiving break i assume ? 
USERNAME i been good just chilling here in skegee ... i wish i could come see y'all ... :( 
USERNAME you & me both ! i been having a headache since last week 😞 
USERNAME i have no clue / idea on how to use tweeter im new at this , help :'( 
USERNAME u can help it bit to each its own .... u made me sad . :-( 
USERNAME stay cheating on me while on twitter so heart 💔 ... it's over 
orange rush at wayho reminds of panama city :( #thingsimiss #freakyatthetiki 
USERNAME maybe next week if you go hit me up :'( 
first night ever not having b :( & surgery tomorrow #sadtweet #goodnight 
USERNAME they just don't know a good joke when they see one ! ! hahah whats the world coming to these days ... 😔 
finding someone special >>> living 2 hours away from her . 😔 
USERNAME i'm peeing my pants and crying at the same time 😭 😢 😷URL 
chris won't tell me what i got for christmas 😣 
USERNAME i never got them 😔 . do u wanna text then to me ? 
now i don't even fall asleep on oomf , oomf falls asleep on me :( k 😔 
has phone: doesn't use it . has no phone: feels empty without it . ... #me #iliketoatleasthaveoptions :c 
USERNAME :( i know ! i just wish it was dec .21 already so we can find out if it happens or not cause i hate being scared 
dear bffs: USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i just wanna apologize for how ill i've been and how ill i'll be tomorrow . 😔 😷 
USERNAME that hoe has all f's ! and he needs surgery on him knee ): it's tomorrow 
i miss having her in my life she was my best friend since diapers , but things happen :( 
USERNAME bitch we need to party ! ! ! ! ! ! i miss my friend :'( 
not being able to fall asleep because something on your mind isn't letting you :( 
i was all blitzed an shit , now i ain't even gonna fall asleep )) ): 
its thursday night and there's nothing to do :( #1slushie #1donut #nofriends # :( #boredaf 
i wish i knew how to talk to girls 😔 
USERNAME npe lu ? ? g bae2 aja cm lg kgen indo parah :( 
i would go to alumni but i have no friar bucks :( 
how since i met you this christmas we won't talk 💔 
cuddled up under my blankie watching movies by myself tonight :( 
USERNAME no i already saw them at the north texas fair and my friends dont like country music :( 
came home to this lil lady in my bed , watchn tv .. she won't even look at me :( #roxy #mybabygirl URL 
shytt at least uu in bed my feet hurt 😭 
i'm gonna miss my waco friends 😣 . USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME hmm your clearly teasing ah nigga giving me the run around an ion like it :( 
holy crap . i was busy texting him , it's getting late ! :( 
USERNAME o.0 i feel so bad now :( but you know i gotta do what i gotta do to make ends meet 
back from class ! no time to write though :-( double shift tomorrow . boo ! 
why did USERNAME delete her glad shes met me </3 
USERNAME i fuckin hated that episode ! ! i got that little lump in my throat . like i wanted to but couldn't cry ha :( 
USERNAME really ? ? :o (yes ! more for me) i mean aww thats too bad :( 
a week without my baby is gonna be hard :( #dontgo USERNAME 
why am i so awake right now when i'm so exhausted 😞 
still doing homework at this time & i have a test tomorrow . it's gonna be a long day .. 😞 
USERNAME really ? ! where was i ? 😕 you should have said something 😔 
“USERNAME fml why must i always get the shit end of the stick ? 😣 
USERNAME i forgot you lived way over there ! ! well idk what imma do yet :( i'm forsure taking micro tho ! when can you register ? 
something tells me you'll never see the message i sent you . :( 
wishes i could fall asleep .. i have a 10 hour work day tomorrow :( 
USERNAME i wish i had hair for stalkers to deeply smell . ( :-( 
USERNAME i just thought we were friends ): i was happy now i'm sad .. #sadkeu 
:( rt USERNAME no asshole rt USERNAME fck rt USERNAME y'all to old to be abbreviating these cuss words ...... 
okay i should start this essay now . :( wahh 
yay for studying ! ! ! 😞 #supertired #college #hardwork #cramming #notgood URL 
i miss all the friends i made and the people i hung out with this summer . 😔 
i hate funerals .... just reminds me of the most important one i went to .. she would have been about to turn 50 at the end of the month . 😣 
USERNAME me too . i might come to dallas during thanksgiving but i just found out its a 7 hour drive to houston :( USERNAME 
goodd i cant go to sleep ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i know . i was a little ticked . it's a guy and he's a little older than me . > :( 
oigan en serio me enamore del chiste del pato jaja :( es lindo . 
the slightest thought about my grandma makes me instantly tear up . i can tell this is gonna take awhile to deal with 😥 #noteasy #memories 
i thought romney would have be a great presiden t.t hey said everything possibly bad abt him . he should have won . hurricane was handy for him 
not only do i feel like shit physically now i do emotionally too ... i shouldn't have said anything ugh 😔 
USERNAME just hushed me up twice and made me sad ... 😔 sorry to my new friend lol #shewins 👍 #newgoodfriends 😬 
i can only do the first nine cups . i have never capitalized on the tenth cup . :( 
in case you were wondering , the answer is yes .. it is the hardest thing in the world to fall asleep without an #whinetime 😔 💔 
i like how my daddy hitting up USERNAME tonight #sadtweet i wanna go 
USERNAME USERNAME i know right ? let me have a fucking moment ! :( 
going to bed . finally finished all my homework 😞 
USERNAME tapos na po ba yung pagpipili nio ng winners ? ? :"( aww ! </3 
mines not #january tho mines a year or more 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm just never talking to her again" please bring that back :( 
have to get up in 4 and a half hours #fml 
USERNAME i don't kno u but ravens r my fav team ): 
USERNAME yea :-( tempted to stay for this but had early 8am events today , tomorrow . will listen to podcast ! 
no one likes mixed girls these days . 😭 😢 
USERNAME i don't think she's doing too good . :( they have to go into her heart tomorrow .. /: i'm so worried . it's killing me . 
i wish i had that relationship with my dad 😔 💔 
i wish today didn't suck huge ass . 😠 😪 😔 😒 
USERNAME yeah , ray made me scrape some before i went to work and it was all over my hands . and alcohol stung my paper cut . 😞 
i just miss when we were best friends .. 😔 #imissyou #forreal 
USERNAME i was mad at devin .. but like those are our best friends :( i can't believe this happened .. i just can't stop crying .. :( 
🙈🙉🙊👈 these little guys are so cute 😭 i want them ! somebody buy me three monkeys ! 
USERNAME ;)) for ever and always . i just can be a hoe no more :( but we need to get together asap girl 
but when its cold and you dont have no cuddle buddy<<<<<< no bueno :c 
this is what canadians have to face . depression in the winter . fuck the cold , it makes us niggers out here lonely :( 
definitely not sleeping tonight . first of i'm sick and can barely breath second i just watch sinister , and lastly i just watched sinister 😔 😕 😩 
USERNAME yeah :/ all you probably have is taco bell and taco bell is gross :( 
i really miss my puppy 😥 even though he smelled like cheese doodles today again , i don't understand . but i want to cud with him anyway 😔 
USERNAME bet ! ! i didn't think ya bougie ass liked cookout 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME o trust me i won't forget lol . haha figures lol . no i don't have a phone ... all i have is my ipod :( 
USERNAME i know what i want but i have to get it on the same ear as my healing daith ): 
i don't have a daddy or a mommy . 👎 😢 
USERNAME i haven't got to see it yet ! ! 😔 
i wish i cud just poof ! flick my wand nd make things better for him bt i just can't . :'( no magic , no miracles , just prayers nd more prayers 
USERNAME :( i am not ! text me sometime ? ! 
waah :( where's USERNAME when i need my tl blown up ? ! 
& my other bstfd ...... well ...... i'm still pissed off about tht situation .... smfh :( 
but it seems like he's more addicted to drugs than he is with loving his 2 children who will always be here for their only father 😔 
getting caught up on private practice . thank u for making me ball like a baby .. 😭 
i really wish i could help them up there . 😔 
i have the worst headache now 😣 😩 😖 😢 
USERNAME 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 🔫 💔 but fine boo boo ! cheer up ! sleep tight ! 
quit bein lame and be my bud u never hmu :( 
USERNAME no bc then i'd be loner 4 lyfe ): 
i wanna go to the movies , but my boyfriend won't take me ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME boo :( well i guess i will see you there in dress clothes :/ 
USERNAME yo se & el es bello con el si he bailado ya lo he visto en 3 partys pero no lo he vuelto a ver :( 
chris brown is the only thing that is calming me down right now . #sosad #notready #formybfftomove #northdakota 😥 😨 💔 
was finally able to catch up on this weeks #homeland from not having power . and all i can say is , wha t.t he . fuck . 
USERNAME yeah , we're all on the same boat :( 
USERNAME oh just a cig ? . i'm sitting freezing my ass off :( 
USERNAME i hope . :( msg me on yahoo ? 
i should probably be doing homework right now . 😞 😣 😒 📝 #itsgonnabealongnight # 
8 more days . can't believe it's been 4 years already . :'( i miss you .... 
when someone calls me hot . 😳 😨 😱 😵 😲 😦 😧 😮 😯 😶 
idk if it got stolen or lost dammit 😞 😪 
but i am gunna miss marching season waah :'( #marchingbandproblems 
USERNAME f u pierre ! ! lol 😭 😭 😰 
the one night i really need my dad and he's not here 😢 😭 😖 
soo happy tonight was my last night at work ! im gonna miss my girls though :( #loveyall 
USERNAME USERNAME i can't wait either cause it rly has been way way way too long . :( 
beats inside my head - scooter & lavelle ft . sue cho (donald glaude & revolvr remix ): URL 
i just wanna see my sister again 😥 #sadtweet #missherlots #oneweek USERNAME URL 
i guess i'm going to have to work out in my dc shoes ! 😭 😭 😓 😓 
i miss my papa so so soo soo much ! i wish i still had him . 😞 💜 
ruined my night :( hopefully they let you go , im worried , dont know whats going on and sadly i cant do anything to help you out . 
USERNAME mine was that coffee :( it hurts a lot today 
what's going on ? ! everyone is fighting today 😳 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME excuses excuses you were just ignoring us ! :( 
USERNAME you only love me for lamar .. 💔 💔 😭 😭 jk(; ❤ you too 
doing this math 115 stuff 😒 i'm about to die 😔 
i miss the bay 😢 and my support team back home . these past 4 years have been rough . #alone #loner ? #sad 
USERNAME USERNAME you def should cause then we could do group messages on our iphones ! i'm sorry that you feel that way , whitney :( 
USERNAME there is much misinformation coming from the wh . supposedly any hearings will be closed to the public ! :( 
merp now that i have a moment to sit and think i miss #oomf though i know i shouldn't and i may not wanna but i do :( merp 
lol at having to jump out of the shower and puke . only not really laughing at all . i wanna go home . 😥 😷 😰 
USERNAME aww you def deserve a day to be pampered ! no wonder you been getting sick ! hope you get some rest soon 😞 
USERNAME that's good for you .. i didn't get a lock out or anything #fml 
you can never with someone you fell in love with . 💔 
USERNAME ive been told i look like im from the middle east kinda so u might like me since u like khloe n there from over thereno ? ok :( 
USERNAME USERNAME it wont let me direct message u back cause u not following me :( 
USERNAME yay ! ! hopefully ! it's been ages ! ! 😔 
i ate to fast :-( @ bring me your coupons URL 
USERNAME omgg me too ! ! there scaryy ! ! ! :( ( 
sometimes i wish he would tweet about me # 😔 
(425 ): i'm hoping that by this time next year we will be smoking some weed at a gay wedding , asking 
somebody drive me to get cigarettes ! i don't feel like walking :( 
😢 still bouta try to go to sleep i gota 8 o'clock 
#seeyouwheniseeyou - that's what i dedicate to you 😔 💔 
USERNAME ima call u back tomorrow hun i've been busy today :-( 
USERNAME no wonder you haven't replied to me lol i'm like where is my baby :( ((((( l 
USERNAME hmm ? i bet you wouldn't ! jk i kno .. thought maybe you'd show me a lil love anyway .. but no ! 💔 😡 ha jk 
that means 9/30 will be done almost a third of the way 😥 
my ass is sore from the shot :( someone come massage it :( 
USERNAME </3 us too man ! when you swing by over here tells us so we can go play some futbol . and fifa so i can wreck on you . 
* cries a little * ilytoo 😥 i need my bff back 
USERNAME as if ! ! lmfao gah i know , i want i want :( 
i can't stop thinking ! i can't sleep ! 😥 😭 😩 😲 
USERNAME USERNAME lol sad sad day 😔 who was the one who actually helped u and was rude to you jayleen ? 
the one person i wanted to talk to night haven't heard from since that last text i sent 😩 😭 
very tired and mildly sick . kind of sad that i didn't go to the gym today 😞 
USERNAME that awk moment when you actually forget that steph doesn't have an iphone and can't see the emojis i just tweeted her :( 
if you go undefeated on this table i'm not having anymore bp kick backs 😔 
i wish i could dance like ronnie from jersey shore :( 
hit me harder than ever tonight how much i miss USERNAME 😩 😖 😭 💔 
USERNAME 😱 no bueno ! i hope they go away soon 😞 lol 
i really hope i don't have to pay for a brand new computer charger . that would seriously blow . wahh . :( #technologyproblems #geniusbarahoy 
i never get called cute by cute guys , why :( 
i swear USERNAME stays falling asleep on me in the middle of conversations . 😥 😞 😥 😞 
i hope ir not callin me ugly :( i think ur beautiful 
USERNAME just saw olga's vlog . please tell me reason number 5 was not about you . :( 
my chest literally hurts so bad ): i can't breathe ughh 
really want to go back to the senior retreat </3 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
sure as heck don't miss alhambra but i miss high school soccer 😢 
se me revienta la cabeza ! ! ! ! 😿 
USERNAME lol it's okay girl i never got passed 80 #sadlife lol 😭 
USERNAME car accident . a dog ran in front of my car and i hit him :( :( 
if i dont get outa here soon im gonna lose it . i hate this school . its mentaly butt fucking me and im going to snap . real soon . #fml 
USERNAME and yet that's the complete opposite of how i feel ... 😔 
USERNAME umm at 2 lol . i'm goin to a sacramento bball game so jen just scheduled me till 2. sorry if that gets you mad 😔 
my phone was on sixty percent thirty minutes ago now it's on eleven :( 
can't believe my camera fell out of my phone , like how the heckk does that happen ? ! 😔 😔 
low key butthurt because USERNAME didn't mention me on 😢 😒 💔 🌵 coo 😒 
USERNAME how is it that on the aftermath conference that they have more tweets than we did ! ? ? ! :( 
it frustrates me so much that people are so stuck in their ways that they automatically rule out everything i try to tell them . 😔 
USERNAME nahh , i'll be studying for orgo cause i have a test saturday morning , but i miss youu ! ! 😔 ❤ 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( i wish i was there too 
USERNAME yes i do ! ! ! ! ! ! you never text me back ): 
seeing everyone tweeting about being high makes me want to get high :( 
USERNAME harry ! ! what song did you boys perform ? ? i was stuck working :( 
USERNAME USERNAME :( i'm sorry i'm not worthy ? dang . 
just tried to make steel cut oatmeal , i done fucked up 😔 
omgosh .. please please please 🙏🙏🙏 let this bad cough go away ! ! please :'( its gettin harder to breathe .... cause my throat feels swollen ! 
USERNAME tht was a perfectly good tweet and you had to ruin it :( 
why am i not drunk at off the hookah right now ? :( 
i spilled milk on my macbook keyboard , now some of the keys aren't working :( i hate the word retarded , but i'm retarded .... 
USERNAME it was more of my hole face :c aha and no you almost walked into my ass cheeks xp 
a korean-russian discovers the bill of rights (by me ! ! ! ): URL 
#tweetaboutyourselfandbehonest i am so insecure so once someone says something rude about any characteristic about me i get paranoid 😳 😔 
USERNAME sadly it was a joke that was played on me :( lol just wanted to share my pain ! ! 
anyone wanna get on halo 4 so me and USERNAME can connect ? :( 
niall staph . you cannot sing/look into my soul/ kill me . 😭 😭 😭 😭 URL 
USERNAME :( i'm sorry boo . i'll be back soon . 
that moment when you find out your xbox live ran out </3 ! ! ! 
not seeing bobby's smile in the hallway makes me sad on a dailey basis 😭 😭 
USERNAME no no no no i don't hate you ! ! :( dont think that . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sorry we arent as fugly :( 
USERNAME USERNAME won't lie to you , you're correct , i need an escape :( 
it's okay to have a good cry every now and then right ? right .. 😔 
you'd think it'd b easier to fall asleep alone </3 oh well better drink more cuervo 
👼 💔 😢 💋 i miss you so much tori . the day i see you again will be the greatest day . holdin' on URL URL 
its all good rt USERNAME USERNAME woah , that's fucked up :( i'm sorry about that yo . 
USERNAME USERNAME i thought what we had was special at lunch .... :'( 
it's a good thing i have a lot on my mind ... because the aux port on the bus is broken #6hoursofsilence #fml 
having the worst stomach cramps . :( i think i might have pulled a stomach muscle or tore something . 👎 stomach in my throat . 
USERNAME you said the same thing about us ............. #sadtweet 
i wish the whole lg could have been there to see me :( we coulda had y'all come on to the stage and had the biggest fckin breakdown at chhs ! 
my ring is like so pretty , but it only fits on my pinky . :( ( URL 
i'm still up like if i don't have to be in ebc tmm 😒 😢 😫😩 
seems like all these girls are sad on twitter ): its making me sad ! ): 
USERNAME he's actually that stupid ... he's been in high school for like 6 years ... 😔 🔫 
i miss my hair , & that girl bunches </3 URL 
USERNAME lol u didn't text me back to verify you got it smh ): 
my friends always tell me . i just failed . 😣 
why am i watching walking dead alone 😣 😫 #scaredfordays 
USERNAME USERNAME yes ! ! ! ! 😭 😏 sam don't push the button ! she's my button . 
romeo save me , i've been feeling so alone 😔 
USERNAME the munsters was #7 i liked it but i did not see a whole lot of it cause it aired when i was in school :( 
USERNAME sadly i am . about the lorax and biology and my brain hurts :( 
time to sleep dentist in the morning to finally pull out my wisdom teeth . #fml #fuckyou 
tonight at that concert i wish i was 21. i wanted a drink so bad 😔 
USERNAME finished her project without even knowing smh lol i'm still not done 😭 😭 😭 😭 😫😫😫😫 
too late homegirl , my heart is already 💔 😢 
USERNAME i miss you too//; but i'm hella busy this month >< #fml 
USERNAME its not lettin me .... im guess cuz u not followin me :( 
three more weeks of work & then no more waiting tables . :'( #wahh 
USERNAME USERNAME what ? ? ? ? i’d be #dead ! ! ! ! also massive headache tomoro :( #nobueno 
i hate i missed alex calls ! ! ! 😔 😔 😔 
the way my energy levels go from 😞 😴 to 😱 😬 when i get a call from him saying he'll be over in a bit >>> 
omg , ididnt want kat to leave :( lol . 
USERNAME aww ! i'm so glad i met you too and i miss you so much ! it's been forever since i really have gotten to talk to you 😢 
USERNAME ahh ! say hello ! three of my followers have seen me this week but haven't said hi to me ! ): 
USERNAME mine was good , even though i was given some bad news this morning 😔 
i'm a big fan of baseball but i can't get all hyped up about it because nothing ever changes , it's the same thing over and over 😔 
USERNAME don't get me started . told us today that we have a test tom . she hasn't even taught everything come back to cjh and help me :( 
so wat u sayin since i cut ma hair u not intersted n me :( 
someone take me to watch :( i wanna watch it hella bad . 
USERNAME USERNAME you're making me jealous -_____- 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i guess . my birthday doesn't land on a wednesday till 2018. :( 
i'm gonna miss having USERNAME in my class ! ! i don't even know what i'll do without her next tri ! 😢 
USERNAME yeah neither did i till it happened , not i can't take pictures of my pretty face :( lmao jk , i nearly use my camera anyways 
it's all late and i have to go home . :( 
USERNAME i don't :( ( bit ill see you sunday ! ! ! that meeting thing is mandatory ! ! 
me & anthony really miss our bestfriend :( , we were really just i'm the phone talking for 4 hours 
“USERNAME w/ my sicky face🙈 😣 URL even with a sicky face ur beauty still amazes me 
USERNAME it's your turn ! i never have an opportunity to pass him along because i basically only see lovelies you at school here lately . :( 
wtf ppl dont care about . me . want to catch . the . bus a t.t his . time of night for dicc damn wat if i got robb ? 
i got socked in back for trying to stop them :'( 
i guess i'll get on my facebook , the one that's naked as shit :( 
i'm trying to convicted myself that all these is worth it * :'( 
and i want things go back to how they were . i wanna go homee :'( 
USERNAME mafish zay ma 2olt ... bad mood kda :( 
really need to go to sleep now . it's so hard though 😞 😞 
USERNAME ohh hell nahh ! is someone talking shit ? 😦 
USERNAME bo '3naam matshoof shrr wallah ;'( miss u wallah </3 
USERNAME how on earth can you stand that ? it's 70 in the am here & i freeze . i have to sleep with my band blanket , comforter , and more :( 
USERNAME i thought we had something special :( :( :( URL 
USERNAME i just didn't wanna let go of my baby , so many memories :( ((( lol , but yeah i think it's time 
after all of the fighting& making up after nine months it's over ! ! your caught ! you're a fucking liar i hate you for breaking my heart 💔 😢 
USERNAME me neither actually :( ill try in the morning ! ily 💜 
wish i had a boyfriend to cozy up to ... so badly 😔 #winterproblems 
USERNAME USERNAME :( (((( lets just get big booty hoes bottles trap music and call it a birthdayy pawwtyy . #lehgo 
wish i was cuddling with USERNAME ): too bad he's passed out drunk right now , lol . i love him . 
and all types of d***s n his phone my feelings are soo hurt double sad face :( :( 
missing my zayzay :( but him keeping me warm n laughing ! 
i'm trying to convinced myself that all these is worth it .... :'( 
and i want things to go back to how they were ... i wanna goo hoomee :'( 
yeah no ones perfect , where all just trying to make it through life .🙏 😧 
me & anthony really miss our bestfriend :( #shrugs #life #sucks #we 'llalwaysbehere 
USERNAME lol well actually no i do not have it 😔 
diang all these quitters on fifa 13, second time today 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah steph's having kind of a bad time right now . :( we should pray for her . <3 
USERNAME don't let me down :( i'm on the bay tryin to stick up for sac-town . give me some love . 
USERNAME if only i had that power ! ! but i don't have the next three off :( 
i kno but damn ! ! my sheets seem a whole lot better .. ill be getting off 3pm 😢 😭 😭 😰 
okay semua pgi cs ni . ape cer ? :( 
USERNAME oh , so now it's me ? but yes , i did :( i'm ashamed . 
USERNAME USERNAME year she all quit :( lol . ugh im scared to go in cause i know ima curse him out for those write ups 
i'm so tired , but i wanna finish all this homework :( 
just left the hospital , pull my back out ! 😔 
alright moy reply to amy pero a mi noo 😔 
finna head to sleep now , phone has no love 😪 😔 
k ready to end this research paper ... before it ends me . #fts #fml 
ahh need to sleep now ! ! ! work in the morning) ): 
i'm such a fatass . i had a tortaa today and now pupusas 😭 😏 
just realized it is 1:18 am , 😭 - the fuck am i doing being up this late ? 
it feels so nice outside . i had a headache , went outside for a while an it went away but now my headache is back :( 
USERNAME same here , gotta get my fan cave app in soon but school is making me busy :( 
neighbors blasting their corridos ! ! ! i'm trying to do homework over-here ! ! ! ! ! ! 😾 
USERNAME are you serious ? ? no more 20/20, rogers and cowan suck their website is humiliating . letting others down :( not cool 
i didn't get to go to the zoo this summer :( 
everyday i look into the mirror and i'm not happy , almost hate , what i see inside and out . #truthtime 😢 
damnit uncw . why can't you have a nutrition program .. i don't want to leave wilmy #sadtweet 
and then ema started screaming at him so he left :c 
USERNAME only saw you once today for about 3 minutes ... #upset now you wont get to see me untill saturday night :( 
why am i always getting headaches now ? ! 😭 😣 😢 😪😫 in bed bundled up goodnight 
i wonder if USERNAME revived what she requested #textstuff #waitingforareply 😒 😥 
that awkward moment when you are trying to take a creeper picture and your flash is on #fml 
cuddling in 4 layers of blankets tonight . it's freezing in my house 😔 
USERNAME stop tweeting about the cat ha it's gunna be okay 👌 😿 
i have a bad habit of washing my sheets late at night :( #depressing 
i want bww :'( nobody wants to take me on a date .... because everyone thinks i'm a whore & ugly ... & unlikable .. & . reprehensible 
#oomf made my day when she texted me earlier , then she stopped ! #really 😥 😔 😳 
USERNAME lol ups . i work that graveyard shift :( 
i don't know what i'd do if lost my nicholas ! i love you baby&not a day goes by that i don't think of you &i being together notebook style ❤ 😔 
USERNAME well .... you know who i'd like to ask ... but i dont think he'd wanna go . soo yeah :( 
USERNAME true ..... i didn't know i had a date 😞 😞 😞 😞 
i hate trying to sleep with a sore back ... #notcomfortable 😔 😔 
that moment when u see a big spider on ur wall and turn for not even 2 secs only to look back and see a empty wall ... it knew i was coming :( 
USERNAME omg does it really take that long ! ? 😭 
USERNAME i would but i don't think i can saturday ): 
it's been exactly one month since my baby suzie died ... i miss her more & more with everyday that passes #rip #iloveyou 💔 🐶 😢 
but i have to wait till tomorrow night to be able to talk about it 😔 
when someone falls asleep on you without saying goodnight . #hatethatshit ): 
USERNAME i called off for your shindig this weekend but they didn't give me off :( so when shannon isn't a gimp come here ! ! ! 
USERNAME aww :( why don't you just buy a new car 
USERNAME hahahaha i moved on from wrestlers . you denied my team 😔 
i just heard the creepiest sound outside my window #fml 
but then i wanted to stay with my booboo USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME miss you too ! :( i'm drunk but i really miss everyone back home even though i'm happy in manhattan too . 
i'm so tired of working on this essay 😔 😞 🔫🔫🔫🔫 
i want to lose weight but keep my ass :( (( 
i hate being sick ! ! ! ! ! :( #notfeelingwell 
poor real .. sucks that i won't get status updates until next year now 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
so sad i'm missing homecoming weekend at cuse right now #fomo 😔 
USERNAME good ! i still havent wrote my story ): 
i don't want my picture taken right now ! ! ! 😫 😭 😫 😭 😫 😭 😫 
too nervous to sleep ... wisdom teeth out at 8am 💉😷 😥 😶 
my phones gunna be dead cuz my laptop dead ): 
USERNAME noo , por quéee en perú recién esta cuando van a elegir las joyas de la hermana de cachito :( 
USERNAME i just realized how high i was at applebee's & that was like the first time i met you & i'm sorry 😔 
USERNAME please please follow me babe make my night i love you so much xx ! ! harry notice me :'( i exist 
USERNAME i'm losing it yu should see my face i never broke out before 😫😩😪 😥 😓 😢 
i'm a b cup 😢 😢 😢 😢 :'( lmao ! i just put myself on blast . hey , i fit c's sometimes . 
why would she do it when im sick and she knows i cant swallow my food :c 
USERNAME yeah i got into an accident on the 19th :/ i'm okay though just got burned from the airbag . but totaled my car . :( it sucks 
one more day without you is one more day closer to being with you #tryingtobepositive 😔 ❤ 
USERNAME are u ok ? ? ai chọc bạn giận , nói đi mình xử lý cho :( ( 
USERNAME will i see you over some future vacational period of time , because i'm terribly alone , i miss you :( 
i really . miss my friends from back home . i wish you all could come stay with me :( 
USERNAME :( that hurts me . i used to be your friend ! #notlivingwithyounextyear 
i stidy my ass off and mr . fowlkes decides to use words that ive never even heard of on the test . its official . im guna fail his class :( 
😭 😭 😭 🙈🙈🙈 that hurt ... jus rude .. 🕐🕜🕑🕝🕒fuck . thanks USERNAME 
going to the gym everynight takes my mind off everything and actually makes me feel alright for awhile ! #fitness19 #iloveithere 😔 😊 ❤ 
#iwillneverunderstand why USERNAME is so smart & i'm not 😔 
my room feels so empty ... it's my last night at home before i go out on my own :( #sadtweet 
esta frío ! ashh , se siente la diferencia de los 10 grados ! 😔 😒 😭 🍃 🌾 ❄ ⛄ 
do i really wanna go to school tomorrow ? ? ? do i hafta :( 
thinking about all the gas i have to buy next week for break makes me want to cryy . at least it's going to be split but damn 😿 
USERNAME awe 😞 i love you shea ! you're my favorite freshman <3 
i missed your face :( (( lol . but i'm glad you're better ! 
ill never forget the 4 piercing death screams my bunny gave out right before she had a massive seizure , gasped for air and died #sadtweet 
going thru csla and it smells like shit ! ! ! 😖 😭 😷🙊💩💀 
never thought video games could bring a damn year to my eye . i'm just a really big halo nerd r . i . p coratana 💔 and plz be a halo 5 d: 
bedtime 💤 because i have a speech in 6 1/2 hrs 😞 🔫 #yayy 
USERNAME dont worry . at least u dont have class on fridays :( 
USERNAME speaking of jr , i need to tell you about my awkward encounter i had w/his twin when i was back home . 😒 😞 
USERNAME i know :( take a llama , you'll get here fast c: 
definitely meant to post this picture with my last tweet #losingit 😞 URL 
USERNAME lol mine grew just a little :( but i want like a c cup or a d ? idk . how big do you want them ? lol 
it saddens me that 66 percent of my home county voted against same sex marriage :( 
so hate my brother right now fuck i hate being sick :( 
my daddy doesnt like taking pics with me :( URL 
USERNAME i miss you too ): where have u been all my lifee ? ? ? lol 
ugh i need i job i hate being broke ! 😞 
balancing my checkbook after a shoppin trip , where did it all go ? ! :( #whooppss 
i need to find my happy place right now 😞 
i get it when you make the same mistake together you stick together ... shouldn't give me a reason not to trust you tho 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME i told you happy bday and yeen text me back :( 
our forever21 package didn't come in today . 😭 💔 
i just got so worked up thinking about watching my gerbil suffer & pass away . idc if that's weird but i'm so sad 😢 💔 #ripdaisy 
USERNAME fine , we'll pitch in for gas greedy 😭 😭 😭 
ss bathrooms are totally haunted . i'm sure of it . 😳 👻👎 😭 
what in the world is that noise outside ? ! ? it seriously sounds like somebody is trying to break in or something # 😥 #🔫 
john , later u would say you're sick , smh rt USERNAME where is USERNAME :( 
nobody in my family likes my adorable pets :( #sigh 
got my job got my car got my money got my phone all that's missing is ... you 💔 
trying to fall asleep without USERNAME arms around me is torturous . :( #sleepingalone 
i really hope he doesn't deploy in a few months . 😔 
USERNAME i could do that . i wanna play assasins creed # :( 
i hate when my day doesn't end the way i wanted it to :( 
goodnight world . hitting the sack a little sad tonight . no late night convo 😢 
if being engaged means crying myself to sleep every night then yay me 😭 
i wish i can get a happy birthday tweet from USERNAME :( ((( 
well its been a long and productive day for me . yall have a good nigh t.t ommorows another day ✌ 
the worst is when you have friday classes and your friends are tellin you to rage 😭 
david didn't reply to my tweet about dying 😔 #bestfriendproblems 
USERNAME i won't be with them on saturday tho :( 
hey USERNAME i'll give you my undying love to find the rest of these pesky images for me . :( #englishprobs 
USERNAME it was about #oomf but i didn't wanna make her cry :( 
that moment when i get in my car , my windows are foggy & i remember they don't roll down anymore ! ! 😔 #fail 
USERNAME i actually know what he's talking about o . k . :( 
USERNAME omg i love you to <3 & miss you ): 
most frustrating thing in the world is misplacing your wallet ... where is it ! ? #fml 
lool i wan find ur trouble ... USERNAME john , later u would say you're sick , smh rt USERNAME where is USERNAME :( 
USERNAME how 'bout you send me your number ;) 😏 no ? ok . :( 😭 
USERNAME i'm going to miss your crazy ass too 😭 ❤ . we need pictures because i literally have none of you 😡 
#mentionsomeoneyouregladyoumet USERNAME and USERNAME oh wait ....... i've never met them 😔 😭 😢 😓 😪 😥 😰 😫😩 😨 😱 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
so bored i could cry :( like the punk bitch i am :( 
all that i know is i don't know how to be something you miss . 😣 
USERNAME awe really ? ?, dont be just telling me that :( but anywho i miss you too ! ! lots aha 
clearly it ses leave a message and ile get back to you shortly ! ! ! hmm sounds like a voicemail to me or maybe just fucking common sense :( js 
i always end up doing some thing and feeling terrible after :( i hate myself sometimes :/ im sorry USERNAME i love yu so much 
i love and miss my best friend USERNAME soo much :( (((( 
USERNAME yeeaah so i'm gonna get USERNAME gifts cause i can't come ! :( unless i get my phone back by tomorrow 
USERNAME whenever i see someone on twitter saying they just met youi just get really depressed because i know i will never meet u 💔 
USERNAME ugh i know he needs to come to arizona ! ! :( 
USERNAME i may cry when she has to go home :( u should get me a girl yorkie for xmas 
damn these 12 hour days :-( @ rtc bonneville transit center URL 
& none of my relationships last . what the actual fuck . ): 
USERNAME later when your home o sumdin ! ido but ineed wifi 😔 
USERNAME 😞 thank you jocelynn 💖 i know you'll always be there for me . ✨✨ 
USERNAME bueno solo viernes & sábado pero son los mejores días :( 
rt“USERNAME USERNAME vic jayy(USERNAME hiyah freestyle (prod by chris o'bannon ): URL via USERNAME 
USERNAME lol word me too and yo tell me why and how i ripped my ear hole :( lol 
wow am i the awkward person in this room hahaha #fml 
much luv short ass , u don't mess wit me no . more :( 
should have taken meds before i fell asleep to make sure i'd sleep through the night . but i was so weak and dead 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i miss everyone so muchh :( 
skyping with USERNAME just makes me so sad because i miss him so much 😥 
homey mau review math lagi 😭 😭 😭 wish me luck for tom's quiz 💪 (at avalon brandemoor) — URL 
everyone tells me i shouldn't be sad , but damn i can't help but think of all the good things . #depressed #stuck #lost 
i don't normally cry but today has went from good bad to worse now . 😭 
USERNAME really ? ! ? ! ): noo ! ): 
i miss him and his smell on me .... :-( 
in to deep , can't think about giving it up . never knew this would feel like a heart attack 💔 
USERNAME the wedding present with heaven at the bowery ballroom (february 9, 2013 ): new york , ny , us URL 
USERNAME are u my prince in a white car or limo to take me away someday ? :'( i hope so ! ! ! ! ♥ xx 
wish i was uptown with USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #fstudyin 😫😩 😭 😤 
i wish i had a love like yours . 💔 
#iwillneverunderstand chemistry . it will be the death of me . 😔 🔫 
productive enough to take out my contacts but to lazy to put my glasses on ... doing homework half blind ! #nbd #stressedeyeballs ): 
#iwillneverunderstand why a girl can’t have at least one guy bestfriend a with out him liking her 👎 😔 
my head hurts , i'm hella cold , i just wanna cuddle and sleep 😭 😔 
“USERNAME ...... URL whoa ... either selena is a comedic genius or shit is about to go down . 😧 
i work to damn much i wanna be a kid again miss my mama and daddy gettin my things and money 😞 😔 😢 
USERNAME me too 😭 are you not coming at all ? 
USERNAME lol i'm sober ! i'm just so amazed at how painty i am ): 
wonder if ill be able to sleep ... most likely not :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i miss her :( still can't believe she's gone . #ripbettyboop 
with you , i always thought what's the rush ? you'll come back ... 😔 
wahh my abs burn ! ! ! :( actually my whole body burns ! ! a glass of wine , fresh bowl and a bubble bath is calling me name ! ! 
meow . not sure why this cute boy is letting me go cold . :( 
i kno this weekend won't be as good as last weekend #sadtweet 
USERNAME this movie is making me more sad ... i just want someone to cuddle with :( #theluckyone 
my lighter fell in pe today and i got scared as fuck ): 
i love 😔 good thing i took hours out of my day to make sure everyone feels loved 😊 
USERNAME but actually . i went when i was 14. i wanna go back :( 
it kind of hurts to see that someone could be so insecure to lie to my face about who they really are :( #unconditionallove 
USERNAME hope you feel better ! everyone's getting sick ! :( 
USERNAME misses you moree 😥 😘 . 😿 that's maggie , she misses you too 
in desperate need of some quality me time 😖 😔 💭🍷📺💤 
im a gamer type of chick , but no ones ever down to play anything with me 💔 
oh shit i forgot we had school tomorrow 😳 i should've been sleeping a long time ago 😔 😞 
i'm sorry :/ i just can't help it ! 😔 
very rt USERNAME i've never seen bambi before now , it's so sad 😭 
i wanna party and grind all up on USERNAME while no one else is dancing and have a fuck ton of fun . </3 
hearing your disappointed in me is 100 times worse than hearing your mad at me 😥 😞 
can i be cute and a goon ass nigga too ? :( 
USERNAME i really really really really really really need to talk to you .... :( 
not feeling well and can't sleep cause bella isn't feeling well 😔 poor baby 
i need my own spot even if its jus for massage ..... mann i culd b making plenty xtra $$$$ on the side ... i jus dnt have the spot anymore :( 
USERNAME i feel stock ! ! ! ! more than ever in my entire lifee :'( thanks tho ! ... thanks ! 
getting to facetime my best friend >>>>>>>>>>>>>>> miss her so much 💔 
USERNAME i need money though ! if they don't give me good hours i can't work cuz i gotta pay rent and shit 😞 
inconsiderate best frien d: ( that's why i keep kacey around and not david :( 
USERNAME we'll i have never seen you play since we never had our soccer sesh ! 😔 
didnt get to make anyone a sign this year 😔 #awhman . 
that sad moment when you can't retweet a funny tweet that USERNAME put up , cause you can't retweet her tweets #sadday #hashtag 
in desperate need of some quality me time 😖 😔 💭🍷📺💤📵 
so i go to mcdonald's today ordered me a royal with cheese with extra pickles get the order it has 2 pickles . #fml 
i might just find a homeless kid and bring it home but michelle won't let me 😞 😢 
when that one person thinks your not tellin the truth ... 😔 😞 
USERNAME i know i was waiting on a picture lol #donthurtme 😏 😣 
USERNAME i haven't had any luck . 😒 😔 lol 
USERNAME inconsiderate best frien d: ( that's why i keep kacey around and not david :( 
i thought i had late arrival tmrw but then i realized i have to be up at 6 :( #fml #nosleep 
USERNAME yeah it sucks 😔 lol how's school going for you ? 
i could give a fuck with a light skin girl say about me cause i don't like them hoes any way 😭 😭 😭 👻 
past is the past hope her life good i aint go t.t ime to worry or . think bout . some one elses dont ask me some . old . stuff im good . she . good 
i wish i coulda seen anatomy . of gray tonight :( #ihatetherain 
i just hope you know i'm thinking of you every minute of every day 😢 💙 
in desperate need of some quality me time 😖 😔 💭🍷📺💤📴 
USERNAME 😔 anything i can do ? i was going through it earlier too . seems like everybody has hit darkness 
so hot in my room feel like killing myself 😢 🔫👈 
USERNAME but you knew a guy who knew a guy who could get you a copy . i know nobody . :( 
the time apart was drawlin :( but i'm happy now lol 
USERNAME omg why cant you ! ? ! id go crazy :( 
u treated me like shit juss now ? ! ! ! how did u think i was gunna react ... plus i didint even do anything ... who pooped on ur poptarts 😳 😳 😳 😭 😭 
i keep forgetting to watch american horror story :( - j 
my own bf and bff are so mean to me 😭 😭 😭 💔 
usher pandora is playing all my favs . i wish my bff was here to sing with me . :( 
the song that is josh's alarm on his phone just came on in the club and i died inside 😔 
my bb aint replying to me , gunna be mad at her bitchass v.v 
tired #af but can't go to sleep any time soon 😥 my bed is calling my name 
infound my soul mate tn and indidnt even get hisnnumber fml sad twwrereert 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i should just go to bed . but i can't :( 
early meeting before work tomorrow 😞 my body hates me for depriving it of sleep ! ! #tgif 
i'm not going to be able to sleep tonight :( ( 
USERNAME come back soon its so empty without you :( 
facebook is lame after midnight . come on people , i need something to entertain me until i fall asleep . 😞 #bored 
i wish i can fly to my mom now i miss her n my sisters n my only brother even tho we talk every day am still feeling empty :( i luv em 
USERNAME ok we're even from last night deanne ! lol stop 😭 
USERNAME yeah pretty much .. but there are parts i completely bullshitted ... i'll worry about em in the morning :( 
USERNAME chii , ay neglo buscate un catéter e inyectame tu amol como insulina :( 
i hope you're happy . i hope you're happy doing this to me . i hope you're proud . 👍 😞 
my baby misses me .... mommy misses you too ! 😰 😥 😪 #hardestthinginlife @ daniel island URL 
i hate losing shit ! ! ! ! > :( 
USERNAME why are you tanning ? ! ? ! i loove your skin color :( 
was falling asleep while studying but now i've been laying here restless for the past hour try to sleep 😔 
i'm about to start taking 3+ pills every morning , + coffee , + green tea ... am i missing anything else ? #fml 
USERNAME haha hell yea ;) but sadly i got sick like two says ago :( 
USERNAME aww thanks ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😔 but i want them a little bigger lol just a little more 😁 ill be satisfied ! 
that terrible drunken moment when you realize you can't get your boyfriend anything for christmas because a month later he'll be gone 😭 💔 
really do not want to go to school tomorrow . :( 
man i hate being blind ! why can't i have 20/20 vision :( 
USERNAME USERNAME except they took out my emblem ! ! ! :-( 
USERNAME when was the last time i saw you ? :( 
i hate when my friends are down 😢 honestly all i can give them is my advice and comfort them . some guys don't appreciate their girlfriends . 
oh so you do have a heart .. i thought it was lost or something 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i know :( we have to get enough money to buy a sim card , and to unllock my iphone so i can use it with our company :/ 
USERNAME forgot about me . i would have paid for a plate :( 
i'm cold and just want to play a video game or something but the homework is holding me down at the neck and saying no :( 
nisha ! ! is not human ! she not a true 90s baby and she's obviously a bad person :( 
its like 60 degrees outside right now but its supposed to snow tomorrow :( whhyy ! ? 
awesome ! ! ! ! swollen eyes , fever , and back pains . what's next ... #fml 
USERNAME their talent . you're still lucky to have met deuce ! i didn't even know he had ever been in iowa . ): 
the struggle 😞 @ holmes hall , bowie state university URL 
USERNAME you just made me soo happy and you just ripped it away :( 
while everyone is asleep ill be awake finishing tkam :( 
USERNAME yeah :( and i don't get paid till midnight and i have to be home at midnight :( 
USERNAME you said you weren't going to ! i'm so sad and mad 😖 😣 😭 
USERNAME me too and i'm trying to sleep but its not working :( 
tonight is just one of those nights when you just want someone to cuddle with :( 
USERNAME i would think so ! i mean you could always use wifi for internet . plus the web is slow anyways or the iphones 😔 
USERNAME babe why you don't follow you're fans no more :( 
USERNAME ohh your going to school for skin ? ? i start cosmo school nov 12th at nova ! i better still be able to have nails :( 
USERNAME lmfao i like girls like that tho . can't find em no more :( 
damn prices were raised at our favorite bar , wonder how much more it'll raise to over the next year :( 
i hope you're happy doing this to me . i hope you're proud of how you make me feel . and i hope it's all worth it . 👍 😞 
being up this last and having to be up early af ... <<<<< 😑 --🔫 #630am #fml #fuckkcarprbs 
USERNAME really ? :0 i haate facial hair . ewwie ): 
USERNAME hahhaa chris is gonna be mad you guys don't match anymore :( 
i love being the one who had problems with their life and not being the one who gets drunk 😞 sigh .... definitely the mother en 
soo tired ... must ... study 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i really dont know , we not learning bout that stuff .___. sorry :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you may have exposed one of the biggest idiots in history ! except maybe my youngest brother… sigh 😔 
USERNAME becky , noo ! 😢 wish you were coming . i need someone to joke with ! ! that is you . 
USERNAME ugh you have no idea . not having a car is the dicks :( ((( 
USERNAME we don't know how to sleep .. lol 😣 
USERNAME hahaa that's funny too ! i miss you more lace ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME ughh you should have come i would have had someone to sing with ! ! 😔 
& continue to cut back on drinking since my liver enzymes are low . apparently too much for an entire year . #fml #frystreetproblems #boring 
USERNAME but there is so much to know , and i'm doing the practice tests and i feel stupid because i'm gettin all of them wrong 😥 
why can't i sleep ? ! this has never happened to me before 😞 
headachee . :( i normally dont get them . they not welcome round me . 
USERNAME tut tut . i wont see u til sunday then :( 
USERNAME she just favorited the tweet but didnt reply :c 
USERNAME i'm trying , but he's taking forever 😥 😔 😪 
USERNAME yeah nd you broke mine 💔 . we're not friends anymore . 😞 
i lost my brother :( i can't find him ! ! help ! ! ! ! 
i don't know what to think or how to feel anymore .. :( this is so hard to deal with ... 
USERNAME and i've smoked once in a week . this is not okay . i don't remember what it feels like to get a good night of sleep :( 
USERNAME USERNAME nancy cruz . URL plz stop using that picture :( ( lol" omg . that face is a panty dropper . chill . 
she don't love me . she don't caer about me . she don't traet me like her boyfriend . she can give to fucks about me . :( 
i looked in the mirror , i look like my brother 😔 lol 
USERNAME i knoww it suckss :/ i miss you so muchh </3 
i don't have the heart to break someone's heart 💔 
USERNAME i feel ya show me the homework ill help i can't go to sleep :( 
USERNAME its not like i have a difficult sandwich :( ugh im sorry ! 
someone come visit me at leo's please before i die of bordem ! :( 
i would do anything to be in maui right now 😔 ☀🌊🌺🌴🐚 
wish i was more involved in the car scene :( 
-- thinkin the same right now 😒 😒 😒 😧 
USERNAME gurrll come be a part of my life and complete me ... i miss you 😭 😘 
USERNAME awh :( eyes wanna know about your guys day i wanna laugh haha 
USERNAME USERNAME i start yawning when i think about it . 😞 
see yall sunday night :/ ugh drill weekends . now i have to shave :( 
USERNAME well at least it wasn't a full day ! but i seriously miss it so so much 😢 😢 😢 
why in the world do i always wait until the last minute ! ! ! :( 
i want pbnj but have no pb and no j 😢 
USERNAME and ikr :( . but yeah i been having sunday and mondays off too . but i hope we can cuz the only day we can do something is sunday 
USERNAME bebegim burdakiler 9daki ders icin 5te kalkio ,8de okulda oluolar . depresyon buna denir iste :( 
why in the world do i always wait until the last minute ! ! ! :( 
why did 106.9 have to go to am 620 😢 😔 
this is goodnight but ain't nothing good about it so badnight :-( :( 
just now going to bed ... and i have to be up in 3 hours :( ((( #whatabadnight 
i'm so hungry ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
it frustrates me that my curves haven't kicked in yet .. jamaican girls have curves . 😔 
id think i can stay up til 12 , yes i know i suck :( 
USERNAME hell yeah just like last time we was with him ... 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME you have to stop for two weeks ? :( 
USERNAME my friend from wales USERNAME is coming to my bday party in london yet you and USERNAME refuse to visit :( 
USERNAME that awk moment when you're that one person </3 
#hungry much ? USERNAME awh , i want panda express now 😔 
my head hurts , somebody play with my hair ! 😁 😔 😣 
crazy how in a small town like owensboro you can lose touch with people ! .. i don't talk to none of them now ... 😔 😒 
ugh i hate missing people when i shouldn't 😖 😩 😔 
i thought you where worth it i was wrong to even think that :( 
USERNAME USERNAME haha , yeah , i can only hope :c 
wish i was feeling better ! being sick makes me so grumpy :( i hate being grumpy ! 
i have class in like 6 1/2 hours :( ((((( 
worst feelinq i ever felt w/ him -.- good niqht twitter :/ / :'( 
i'm glad no one's around when ido stupid shit like that 😞 
i've seen the hurt and stupidity too much .. 😔 
USERNAME no $$. #studentlife so like why i wanna move schools :( 
USERNAME can you talk to me now :( i really to talk to you ! ! ! ! i'm loosing you baby ! ! ! ! waa waa haha 
USERNAME be talkin to all these hoes but not his #1 fan fck 😔 #gbe 
ugh i hate missing someone that you shouldn't 😔 😖 😩😫 
USERNAME i made some this year ! ... then i ate the whole thing in three days 😔 
this distance be killin me , geesh ! if we can deal with this we can deal with anything . hate not being able to kiss him . 🙈 😔 
USERNAME because its time for me to get home to my responsibilities :( no fun 
USERNAME good . we haven't seen you out since danny's birthday 💔 
the vow is the saddest movie i have ever seen #crying #justsosad 😭 👎 
latisha and amy , in miami bitch USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 @ suites on south beach URL 
bed time twerps . have a great friday . i know i won't . :( 
USERNAME did i make you mad for you to stop texting me ? :c 
ugh i hate missing someone that i shouldn't 😖 😩 😭 😔 
take a trillion gallons of water to the face on a freezing , rainy day so i know it's real 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😁 😘 USERNAME 
did the same thing dont trip lol rt USERNAME i was getting mad cause my wifi wasn't working ... duh monay . no electricity . hahaha 😔 
USERNAME i can't believe you don't want to follow any of your fans ... you don't know how much u mean to us .. & its just a follow 😢 1 
manny is asleep like a bby beside me lmao poor thing didnt feel good :( 
i rlly wanna see USERNAME but i have no ride 😭 😩😩 😭 😩 😭 😩 
USERNAME i can't believe you don't want to follow any of your fans ... you don't know how much u mean to us .. & its just a follow 😢 2 
#work work work . somehow i'm now working everyday of my 3 day weekend . no #fun makes me a dull girl ! :( 
USERNAME hahahaha shut up ! ! omg did you hear try closed wingstop on fig ! ! :( 
i cant fall asleep before midnight anymore and in high school i always went to bed at like 9. #fml 
i have that sick feeling in my stomach , something's just not right . i feel it ! 😔 
USERNAME no :( i ended up doing it myself . hbu 
USERNAME i know ! ! 😣 it's a habit 😑 
i don't what to wear tomorrow night ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
you don't know how much u mean to us .. & its just a follow 😢 
USERNAME wished i could have been a part of it mono :( but i didn't think it would have been a good idea to pop up in there prego 
USERNAME i bet my daughter could figure it out better than myself since she changed my pro pic on fb and post something i feel old 😱 😭 
right . ? ! i'm sucha whore . 😔 i miss you bro . ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME lol ehh >_< fuck spanish hard ass language lol help me please :'( 
a guy on the amtrak bought us a beer ! i'm so tempted to drink it but i can't 😣 URL 
USERNAME matt i am seriously so sorry .. i can't imagine what you're going through :( 
waah i shouldn't have listened to this song now i miss my husband for real 👎 😢 
USERNAME betchh it's kinda natural anyone in my place wud feel insulted and humiliated and hurt :( u sounded like betch gtfo i'm busy lmao 
USERNAME gracias ! ! ! ! miss u too girl :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry ! i haven't gotten a chance to tell everyone ): but my mom sent out an email earlier 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you're sane ? hell i thought we were all insane :( 
you don't know how much u mean to us .. & its just a follow 😢 
USERNAME twitter only gives me 140 characters . that's not even close to enough . 😥 
this black kid subtweets me and hurts my feelings and i'm scared cause i don't wanna be his bitch i'm the locker room :( 
mya mya say she miss ha cuzzin :( we all do r . i . p . cuzzo we miss u muah ltm ........... URL 
you don't know how much u mean to us .. & its just a follow 😢 
you don't know how much u mean to us .. & its just a follow 😢 5 
USERNAME jus watched jshore and USERNAME was such a bitch to u :( . #somessedup 
fcck . damn . no iphone 5 for another 2 weeks . t.t #preorder 
USERNAME idk but i almost cried ! 😭 😭 😭 
didn't get to talk to my girl all day . 💔 #hellagay ! 
" me && my babydad not talking right now lol :( he be faking sleep 
ima go cry myself to sleep cuz USERNAME will not notice me no matter how many times i tweet him n it hurts :( 
USERNAME dude i hate it ! ! :( i already got sick like 2 months ago ! :/ 
USERNAME haha . me too . but i need sleep :( 
USERNAME i know :( i don't miss work though lol 
i don't feel good and i'd really rather lay with my peacock . :( 
my little brother grinds his teeth when he sleep .... sounds so gross ! 😬 😣 
USERNAME i totally read that wrong 😞 in this case , there's a fee 
USERNAME haha god i miss me some jameca . :( 
cry your heart out , let it go because remember .. after every tear comes a rainbow . :/ goodnight </3 
USERNAME dangg lucky ! ! i only have 2 😔 
USERNAME bahahaha my lips are sealed then ..... 😔 lmaoo 
i wish i was with you right now jon .. i know you'd make me laugh & feel better .. please take me with you 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME i thought it was your clumsy ass .. you're forever dropping shit at all hours of the night 😔 
USERNAME aww /.\ <3 imiss youuh alott ..... miss ihtt whenn iwud always go see youuh after skool play volleyball :'c </3 
i'm a lil upset i didn't get my story > :( 
USERNAME art i didn't even do anything you love me . jack misses me :( 
trying to enjoy USERNAME concert even though i can't see him . smh twin cities your slippin 😞 extremely disappointed . 
i love USERNAME soo much , i'm so sad they voted jason off ): 
:'( "USERNAME here's the story , from me to you .... its all over the internet now , but this is my home video message URL 
USERNAME is never ganna follow me so i give up ! 💔 😪 
USERNAME my dog bite mine :( so they are fucked up :( ( 
USERNAME USERNAME damn ! #nobueno feel better soon rog ! :( i’ll be at gatecrasher to party tomoro night raging for uz ! ;) lol 
USERNAME you are literally gong to make me cry . seeing spelled out just punched me in the gut . :'( 
ahh i'm cold :( all i can do it cuddle with my panda 🐼 ❤ 
i miss USERNAME so much . just thought i would tell everyone . 😞 
USERNAME can i come hangout i'm not out anymore and i'm in a bad mood :( 
USERNAME lol ya i miss yu i haven't seen or heard from you in forever 😔 
my roommate always uses the bathroom with the door open .... 😣 #dontwannahearyapeehomegirl 
USERNAME oh n my hair stel not braid it :-( 
USERNAME lol thats good , but real funny . when i get pulled over its always been do you know that you have a loud exhaust #fml 
cant eat .. jus wana go to bed but all dis shyt happnd all 2 fast :( 
just spilt the bong water on my lap 😔 😢 #shittyy USERNAME 
my nephew is playing halo 4. when is my turn to play ? :( :( 
USERNAME 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 nice ... 😔 
anybody know where any taco truck is open at this time ? ? ? plz help ! ! 😿 
USERNAME yes it was five days i worked ): sad money we cant get out early . thats cause i didnt last week :0 
i know too many facts .. ask anyone . 😔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME hapise kadar beraberlik yok o zaman :( beklicez betulcuk ne yapalım 
i feel like i need to tell her how i feel but it wont come out :-( 
not feeling well tonight ! :-( i can not get sick ! #nausea #dizzy #feelingpukey 
USERNAME yur to cool for me so yu stopped talkin to me 😞 😔 😩 
ughh ! idinkk ama havee a stomach achee d'; </3 3 
USERNAME josh is gonna be in indianapolis till sunday night :( 
i'm guessing now would be a great time to start studying for my history exam that's at 9:10 #fml #gonnafail 
USERNAME that would be good right about now :( make me some ? c: lol 
USERNAME i'm scared thou :( i just gotta believe in myself n i know i'm good 
USERNAME yes & mine are juicy so they are nice :( like the whole side is fucked up like you can see bite marks :'( 
i feel like a large bundle of poo today ... i can't wait to sleep when noon comes around . :( 
i really thought i tweeted you , but my tweet didn't send 😔 
my cat committed suicide by jumping in the garbage disposal and turning it on . :( 
congratulations to the new addition of USERNAME ! wish i was there :( 💛 ❤ 
i don't know about y'all but i've been in pretty good mood this pass week ! until tomorrow . have to be at work at 5 in the morning . #fml 
USERNAME be careful don't text and drive it scares me :( ! 
💔 😭 my brother's friends are over so i have to wear pants . 
just dropped off lulu at uncle timmy’s for the weekend . miss her so much :( ( URL 
i'm about to cry 😭 if i didn't have friends i don't know where i would be . thanks for pushing me to do math , but not tonight . 
7 other nuff said goodnight ever one love you all () ): <3 :: 
willie ... wack ass niggaa . no respect for you #sorrynotsorry 😔 don't even ask me why . because i refuse to explain . 
work , class , conference , meeting , meeting , work , class , gym .... all in one day . i'm exhausted 😔 
USERNAME i love you ! ! :/ i domt have your phone number </3 
i am having major withdrawals right now ... from the mall . 😔 
gonna be home alone :( idk why i hate the idea of that lately ... 
haven't slept in like 3 days . feel a mental break down coming #canthandleit 😔 😕 
man , i really screwed up this time; i'm gonna be on eggshells as long as i stay here :-( yo soy muy lento . #someoneslapme 
so much for going out for a drink with my boyfriend , more like all of terre haute . smh ... 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME im eating cereal im gaining back the weight :( URL 
most annoying thing ever ? when your tongue itches ... #fml 
having one of those i didnt get nothing i wanted today kinda days :-( 
i tell him to call me then i fall asleep & miss his call ... :( #gfprobz now i'm sad 
super bummed that my party for tomorrow night fell through :( 
being almost ready for bed when you get another work email ... and you have to be back to work in 7 hours . #fml #overcommitted 
USERNAME love your avi & i miss you like crazyye :( 
the kid half to learn ::: :c ause if he dont then i just half to bac off an he will have to realize what he really loves an dont love 
USERNAME yeah but not for long gotta b back for basketball :( 
i have to wake up at like 5 to go to work tomorrow .. i'm so depressed :( 
USERNAME jk it just played ! aww :( our duet ! ours is better ! 
omg it's so effing cold ! i can't ...... i'm dying .... my liddle feets are gonna fall off :( 
USERNAME aww /.\ mee too :'c </3 3 but ill tryy too go too bell onee of thesee dayss , if anythinqq ill lett youuh knoee ;* <3 3 
you've never said to me or hey babe ! sweetheart / love ect :( <|3 
USERNAME it’s rough in these cold streets , don’t even know how i make it through that day ): 
USERNAME sebab kitorang nak sewa . tapi kena ada credit card :( nak tau je kalau korang da try guna debit card and dia accept . 
okay but i have to be at work at 7:45 tomorrow 😔 
why am i so hungry at this time :c #gettingfatwhilestudying #yolo 
USERNAME it doesnt make sense to me either-__- thats wut he said so idk :( 
USERNAME aww fine ... imma miss you ! 😥 😭 💔 
my hair always looks cuter at night . #darn 😔 
my head is still hurting & i'm freezing . pretty sure my fever has came back . 😢 
i want to do competitive cheer ! ! ! 😣 
the creep (feat . nicki minaj & john waters ): URL 
oh my fucking gosh . my stomach is like burning , aching & stabbing all at once . this hurts so fricken bad . holy moly . :( 
USERNAME i can't </3 i , umm , yeah ... 
USERNAME loll it really is though and it scares me :( 
so many sirens going off its really scary :( #whatisgoingon 
how can people leave there babies ! if i leave aries for more then 30 min . i call 30 time to check on her 😢 
USERNAME 7-11 ... dude i don't even have time to study :( 
USERNAME no i dont get to register until tuesday :( 
USERNAME me either haha but i have to go 😔 
USERNAME no , yo no tuve la culpa , lo juuroo ! haha sólo se le poncharon las llantas :( 
no sleep tonight ... what a surprise 😔 #dissapointed #smh 
not in a good mood ... :( ... i feel like i'm doing to much 
missed last weeks episode of dexter and homeland . fuuh . ): 
USERNAME good . there's no way he push himself up so damn effortlessly ....... but then again he weighs like 50 lbs > :c 
r . i . p mike mura i will always remember you :'( 
wish u was here so we can cuddle in my bed im all alone :( 
USERNAME oh sorry that's awk i thought it was about me ... who you talking about mike ? huh mike ? who ? mike c'mon tell me ? who ? oh wai t.t ell me 
i hate sleeping alone , especially when i know the feeling of having someone by my side :( meh 
i'm getting hyfie over this :( like noo , i need to sleep :( why do i work 
USERNAME USERNAME your crazy haha i need my sleep or i'm grumpy aff 😦 
i hate that i broke a nail lol 😶 😞 😞 😞 😞 
father .. i love my shower but when im sick and need a warm bath with candles it sucks ! i wanna bath :'( #hatesickness URL 
USERNAME i feel so betrayed :'( you all abandoned me . poor don lisa 
iwant someone tht will not give up on mee :( . ughh . forever single 
i cant make some tonight too tired sorr . 😥 
up late thinking bout my boy :( gonna be a long night 
mann . i swear i think i only ate like twice today . my stomach is growling at me 😒 😣 
i ate a sandwhich & i'm still hungryy gosh why am i such a hippo :( ( #stupidnonsencetweet 
lol this girl was talking about people getting government assistance 😭 ignorance man . 
i hope this doesn't lead to me getting sick :( 
USERNAME me too girl . especially tonight it's a pain in the ass 😢 
suppose to say 1500 😕 😔 @ lsu - business residential college (brc) URL 
USERNAME i have to go to joe's 😔 idk why but my mom is like making me 👎 
USERNAME wish i coulda come to see you ... less than an hour drive , but unfortunately , i'm working ... :'( 
USERNAME :( i'm sorry ! buncha stuff came up and i have too ! ! well all have to hangout next weekend forsure ! 
i'm mad af these niggas cleaned my fridge out all i got is 2 gatorades left 😔 
thinking about my dad again , i just hope i don't start crying again . 😔 
no this is to good , to even be true :'( 
theres nothing worse then not being able to sleep and being trapped in a dorm with nothing to do 😔 
USERNAME ya3ni you have to quote what i said to show your followers how smart you are ? :( 
can't stand seeing my cat like this :( #sickcat #catwoman 
soo USERNAME practically just broke my toe ... at the bar . wow way to end the night ! thanks babe :( 
USERNAME me too girl . especially tonight it's a pain in the ass 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME i guess i have to make rachel cuddle with me now 😔 😭 💔 
just . one . more . exam . until monday . > :( 
USERNAME are you drunk ? ! thanks for spelling my name wrong :( 
USERNAME you need to quit being upset so much :( do USERNAME and i need to entertain you ? i'm sure to get a laugh out of you ! 
facetiming my nephew while at dinner . i miss him so much ! 😢 @ buffalo wild wings URL 
USERNAME i need to keep in mind that you and your sister tell each other everything . #fml welp if i am a pimp your my main hoe ;) 
i am tired . i’m that kinda tired that makes me feel slooww 😔 i like it , halo 4 lyfe 
so i have another busy week this upcoming . homework , work and studying . 😔 at least no essay tho 😊 
USERNAME smh meng that's crazy but i feel you though i gotta get all this shit done tonight because i'm leaving early manana ): 
falling asleep on the couch & being woken up & then not being able to fall back asleep << 😭 
USERNAME and me ! ! ! ! that's why you called me 😭 
USERNAME i knoww 😔 🔫. i'm actually hoping the zombie apocalypse happens right now . that way i don't have to do this homework anymore 
i like how USERNAME never replied to me 😔 #horribletexter #butiloveyou 
ha ass never call back lol 😔 😒 oh well 
i can't sleep ! ! but tomorrow i won't get sleep , i need my rest ! ! 😔 👎 
ahh you should ! ! ! i miss him 💔 💏 😢 rt 
having to start all over makes me sad 😔 URL 
straight up creeping and reading kristins old tweets about me hahaa miss last weekend ): 
i had a timer set & i still missed it ): USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
USERNAME with USERNAME USERNAME and others . wish you were 21 😿 
just cut my finger so bad on a knife and have no bandaids :( ouchies 
afjadnfixwibduh ! ! ! ! i dropped my phone on my fucking face -.- #fml fucking shit hurt my lip t-.-t 
this dude just took a pic of his butthole . in my living room ... 😢 
USERNAME i'm quoting . it's text . and i'm wishing they wouldn't . so yes please beat me up :( 
now there's two black guys that hate me ... :( i'm so afraid . 
ok ... im only #6months prego and i feel more like #9months #notcool i look it too :( 
i miss my mommy already 😔 today she grabbed my hand and told me everything would be ok . it's things like that , i'm thankful for ! 💗 
being disconnected with USERNAME on the phone , no bueno :( 
USERNAME omg , angie when are gonna come to california ? 😥 
waking up n not being able to fall back asleep 😭 😩👊 
USERNAME seriously huh ? ! i think it's cause i took a three our nap today ... 😣 
wish i wasn't completely sober , there a billion people in college partying right now 😔 
i ate too much today , i feel like complete shit . :( ughh ! ! 
the 1st step is admitting you have a problem ... and i do ! 😞 
bitches come a dime a dozen i only get 1 out of 10 tho :( #shitty 
omfg i can't deal with this shit 😔 😩 can't even go to bed at right without all this extra shit 😒 
wish i was with USERNAME getting to enjoy the sun and be around friends and family . :( #missyou 
USERNAME call me ! ! ! lol i've been trying to get ahold of you :( 
its a miracle lmao ctfu its about time ! ! ! js but chu ballin ook :( just sad 
this rains low key makes me think of humboldt & all those nights i would stay up & talk to anthony ! fuck i miss him ! ! 💔 
i shoo did . too bad you're too busy for me .. always . 😔 
the only time these nip piercings suck is when i'm trying to curl up in a ball at night and they're unhappy . :( 
USERNAME that one day well neva com :-( direct message me 
i don't want a bf right now , but i feel like i need one since all my friends are in relationships . always alone 😔 
i'm in your header and u still don't follow me USERNAME okay okay ! ! 😓 😥 😪 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME my new faves USERNAME 😔 @ the sweeps URL 
well can't go home this weekend cuz of the snow ... i need my family and friends #fml 
me ruining USERNAME and USERNAME couple photo :'( nerdzz at thirsty thurs at USERNAME @ wonder bar URL 
my doggy just fell off my bed ! ! ! omg i'm so sad i cried :( meanwhile she's perfectly fine 😭 😭 😭 😢 
i just need to finish these slides then bedtime ! #testin7hours . #fml #sofuckingtired 
it really has been awhile since our last leos date 😥 rt USERNAME haven't talked to USERNAME in a while .... :( 
hate hate hatee this steroid i have to take for the flu . #messingupmysleep #jitters #heartsracing 😷 😣 
USERNAME omg sad ik ): i still will with u 
USERNAME miss you too :( lol youre so dumb  
USERNAME ik ik i need to ... harder than it sounds . i can't do this shit :( 
check in because its a new day . holla bitches . last call is in 25 minutes ): (@ third base w/ 4 others) URL 
man there isn't a day i don't think about that dork ! 💔 
well this is never like her but i guess no late night text tonight :( (( 
the feeling when u need someone and they aren't there for u 😢 
USERNAME that likelihood of that happening is right up there with brian christopher coming back :( 
for my 20th birthday i actually wana throw something . i've never had a bday party 😔 
“USERNAME yo gotti - turn on the lights (freestyle ): URL via USERNAME what yu know bout it cuhh ? ? 
USERNAME i miss those times :c and your bed misses me to(x 
im cold af ! ! this blanket aint doing it 😔 
omg ! i didn't talk to USERNAME all day ihope she's okay 😢 . well anyways see ya tomorrow morning at my crib ! if you lucky well make crepes 
depression about to slap a chick right in the face ! ! 😞 😰 
2 something in the morning && i'm up with leg cramps 😒 😣 
kinda sad tho last year was first time my little brothers celebrated christmas and it was so memorable , sad i'll miss it this year 😢 😢 
USERNAME me too , unfortunately . i have a breakfast date early too ! :( i can't sleep my damn phone slappin' ! 
USERNAME not when ya gotta work in the morning 😣 
oh , i got my bubble tea . pochi was out of tapioca though :'( ohwell 
i wish i was sober so i can netflix :( 
i can't believe in less than a month my baby sister will be 17 😔 where has the time gone USERNAME stop growing 
i will probley end up spending like 50 . lol 😔 
USERNAME i just did .. it hurts soo freakin bad . :( 
💔 well today is our ten year anni . i got nothing . didn't even say it except on fb at 8pm . he wouldn't even watch a movie with me . 
but can i still keep a place in your heart </3 
can't sleep :( stressed out . (@ yotel new york) URL 
-but i really .. like really wanna see him .. but snooks not hvn tht 😕 😞 😒 
i wish i was cuddled with my boyfriend .. sigh :( 
waiting til the last minute to finally finish this essay . my life as a procrastinator :( 
cibola is all around gay . filled with gay people , filled with fakes , filled with ugly skanks , and it's just a terrible place to go 😔 🔫🔫 
wha kind love 💙 💔 from ah nigga👨everynite blk👊 ya eye👀 
sleeping in the neckbrace ! only way i can sleep 😭 
USERNAME then it hurts for like .. ever . ugh :( 
USERNAME it sucks here too ! ! ! i'm still trynna find a good movie :( 
USERNAME text me ! i don't have your number anymore . :( 
USERNAME oh i thought you were seriously trying to ask me a real question ! hahaha #blondemoment 😔 
getting rejected by christina aguilera for a photo . :( (@ foundation room) URL 
USERNAME idk :( one time he was drenched in sweat and i told him i was taking them off & he turned around & pulled them back ? ? 
USERNAME if we got a test tomorow you gotta help me ! :( 
i don't understand why ppl do me the way they do , i guess it's cause i let them 😔 
basically seeing you say that just hurts so badly; you have no idea :'( 
sleeping in my bed for the first time alone in a really long time ! #cantsleep #nephewbailedonme 😔 
USERNAME yeah , i can be smart at times . thanks , #stilldoinghw :( 
in carla's apt , she knocked out on me :( 
USERNAME USERNAME yu left the room like this 👉 😱 😱 😭 😭 😭 lol 
but i still have four more essays to write 😭 😩 
i feel good rightnow , only thing missn is a hot shower , im in a rare mood to take one bt icant :( shits so irritating ! 
USERNAME its to long ): in person its better ill see ya at west co tomarrow goodnight looveyou <3 
when your phone is at 5% and you have no charger bc dumbfuck apple changed their wire for the iphone5 .. #no1hasmycharger 😔 
USERNAME miss you too bro :( your too busy for us 
i really wish my granddad was still around to watch my little cousins . 😞 makes me so upset that he didn't get to meet them . 
USERNAME awh i wondered what was on fire . :( 
and i gta work on thanksgiving yo ✋😪 😢 👎💩 
i wearing a fro to class tomorrow :( the struggle 
this is not how i imagined my life . i should have let go & moved on to someone new . i love you but after things said and our past , i cant 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i bet my dick is bigger then yours .. and it's better then being a dead dick ! poor road :( 
i feel that i put my time and effort into the wrong people ... 😔 
i wish we had milk :( mad craves for some #kd 
USERNAME lmao it's been a full day without it and its not in my possession it got confiscated last night 😢 
i feel like complete shit .... i just got sick and now i'm laying here with a washcloth on my forehead ... this is when i need some with me 😔 
what's wrong with me ! ? i can't stop eating :( 
i fucking hate it , and the fact that im forced to go back here again sucks 😔 
USERNAME 😭 no ......... i just want the red robin 😉 
USERNAME lol uppss n to think we was cool 😔 
homework phase 1: #checked . homework phase 2: see you at 6 #fml 
USERNAME already seen it 😞 that's why i'm soo bored ! ! i've seen all the good ones 
i feel like complete shit .... i just got sick and now i'm laying here with a washcloth on my forehead ... this is when i need someone with me 😔 
USERNAME hahaha but i'm not sure how long i'll be gone but i'm pretty positive i won't be back until next summer ... :( 
that shit was too funny lmao 😭 😭 😭 😭 😱 😱 😱 can't believe that happened it never happened before that's crazyy 
USERNAME haha i just remember being excited to make fun of you at dougan then you actually were a good swimmer . :( 
too tired to get up , wanna be carried to bed 😞 💤 #dead 
shower and then sleep . it's been along day . 20+ hours . they said an #eobr would make for better rested drivers . #fml URL 
that hurt :( rt USERNAME USERNAME lol .. umm .. 
baby come home again . :'( juan . <3 always . 
my best friends being a str8 dick right now :( 
USERNAME when u gon follow back this big fan from the uk :( 
needs to sleep ! have to run before class ! then eat then shower ! then class then workout ! 😔 hate/love lifestyle 
USERNAME it's actually in the science center parking lot because i could see it flashing ! it went off last night too :( 
bby come home again :'( <3 j you broke me but if i could have u again i would . 
USERNAME no no no no no no #steelers okay . not the #cowboys . don't do that to me big :( #plusiwouldmissyou 
USERNAME how did u do your nails like that ! ? so i hot . tried it a couple mon ago and it was just a disaster :( 
USERNAME it's kinda a slow night ur not missing out lol 😔 
when you pee after holding it in for hours 😭 #likesex but better 
i have a terrible habit of biting my gums . 😣 
USERNAME aww i haven't been there in 4 years too ! don't you miss it 😢 i wish it was like it used to be wallah 
just woke up because i had a dream USERNAME retweeted me #wishfulthinking 😒 😞 😔 
USERNAME omg ! ! ! i wanna go back and play ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 
“USERNAME fun t ! mes w ! th USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME :( 
i was wondering why wasn't i able to sleep 😭 
most days i wonder why i even get out of bed 😔 
USERNAME if i had thought of it sooner i would have said just that . . all said and done it was no red robin :-( 
USERNAME i wanna move there . and it's only 11 there . :( 
i hope i'll be okay tomorrow considering i won't be getting a lot of sleep ... 😁 😣 😴 😓 #imwimpy #alwaystired 
this sleepless night was brought to you by cramps courtesy of mother nature #fml 😩 😒 👎 
i wish i was mention in the #mentionsomeoneyouregladyoumet tag :( lol 
USERNAME idk everything about them just scared the shit outta me 😣 
i feel so old when i have lower back pain that feels this horrible . ehh :( ( 
USERNAME yure so mean :( follow me back ! ! 
i spent 50$ at walmart and forgot to get the one thing i went there for ...... (coughdrops) 😞 😑 😡 
i wish USERNAME wasn't sleeping , i need to talk to you :( 
your out there and i'm in here . 😔 i need someone that enjoys in here with me . #lonely 
USERNAME aww i wanna go too but i hate load shedding 😣 
this is seriously a sign . right after i tweet my ps3 dies ... #sadday 
jimmy neutron was my show back in like .... 2nd grade haha i miss it :( 
USERNAME USERNAME # these place sucks , got me stress .. :( i need y'all 
the thought of someone passing who didn't believe in god 😭 
wish i didn't have to study tonight could of been somewhere :-( 
quantaes side of the bed = |__________| mine = |_| :( 
i miss my dad :c just got off the phone with him crying as usual . but i feel better . 
USERNAME she doesn't :( and maggie's love story was lame 
left walmart to go grocery shopping at walmart , these lights burn my eyes :'( 
last day to eat how i feel .... gotta tone up #modelissues #help #fml 
i want to believe that your not lying .. #butijustcan 't 😔 #trustissues 
just finished watching the first 7 episodes of on netlix ... wow ! so sad that season 2 isn't available yet ! ! ! :-( 
USERNAME 😢 omg you care about me .... mann beat that pussy up for me lol think about me 
damn dude you hella annoying lmfao 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME lmao khali ek ups hai puray ghar mein 😭 
whenever i sit for awhile i get a cramp in the weird part if my leg #fml #weird 
i'm tired of losing people in my life , it doesn't matter that that means they weren't meant to be there , i want them there 😞 
keep on dreamin even if it breaks your heart ! 💔 
just finished the presentations for tomorrow's classes . i'm deadly exhausted . 😔 
whenever i sit for a long time i get a cramp in the weirdest part if my thigh #fml #weird #ughh 
just wish shyshy understood why its like to be ignored all day… 😢 
i just got blocked from a follower :( oh well no skin off my back but good night 
USERNAME where've you been ! we don't talk any more :( 
i'm so mad dat i'm crying cuz i know da truth ! ! ! 😡 😭 👿👎✊ 💔 ❗❗❗❗ 
USERNAME why cant this detour video be an hour long ? :( 
i miss senior night cause of work 😣 😣 ! ! #senior2013probs 
USERNAME no ya no estoy en ese for now ... :-( 
i love my friends USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME even thou erin is made at me :( 
he used to live super close to me .. now hes 273938 miles away ... porque ? :( 
no garlic free items ! :-( (@ bomb tacos ! ) URL 
i got 2 blunts and no one to smoke it with :( 
USERNAME i was just texting you im waiting on a reply :( 
need a new avi .. but don't really like taking pictures 😔 
i wish i could smoke and drink a beer 😔 
and raise ur hand if u got chills when meredith answered the door and christina was there ! 😭 😭 #greysanatomy #ilovethatshow #obsessedfan 
if im sleeping when my cousin comes home and she wakes me up she will pay > :( 
just got off work & i have to be up in 3 hours 😭 
worst thing about leavey nights = no one to watch your laptop if you need a bathroom break ✏📚 😥 
ugh collision on my corner , and my car got hit . :( 
USERNAME i know 😔 but we have saturday ! !👌 
USERNAME work is gay ! i wish i could get paid to party just like party panda :( 
i don't know why i still care anymore but i do #fml 
in my life it seems like every pro has a con . :( 
i'm bummed da fuck out ! ! ! 😔 😞 
USERNAME lol ! everyone in there i'm sure hated us 😔 
can't believe it's almost been 4 yrs . 😭 🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝 
USERNAME aww :( boo can't put yu to bed ? lol 
USERNAME :-( that's what i said to the lady that cut me off . 
i missed my nanas today waa 😢 now ima have to take her little ass to the movies or something 
i'm so tired but i can't go to sleep just yet . :( 
USERNAME 😣 no your ass just needs to get internet ! 
sigh . i'm so bummed . #fml @ hi tech collision and glass center URL 
USERNAME hell yeah ! ! ! not close enough though 😔 
i like the days better when USERNAME said i was cool and he would say my name a certain way and when he went home i missed him ! ! 😞 😣 😔 
also , raise your hand if you cried when mr . feeny died on #greysanatomy . 😢 😢 
it would be amazing if my throat would stop killing me & that i could actually sleep ! 🙏💤😷 😖 😩😫 😢 #justwannabebetter #sleepy #strepsucks 
USERNAME me too cause i just pulled up at my house :( i'm off tomorrow though . 
i just wanna go to sleep but of course thats not happening any time soon 😔 
can't sleep and i have a morning class tomorrow 😔 
one of those nights you don't want to be sleeping by yourself . :( 
USERNAME me either i fuckin hate it . but it's the story of my life :( 
USERNAME too bad she doesn't want to go b/c shes downloading her music for tomorrow :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( we choke on the reg . esp this year . ughh ! 
USERNAME i miss you ! :( i move out this sunday . 
home way later than i was supposed to be and it wasn't even worth it , our hunt wasn't very successful :( 
im scared of slenderman :( i wish i had someone in here with me right now to be scared with me so i'm not as scared . #scared #slenderman 
wahh , sleeping alone tonight sucks ! i wish my boo bear was here 😔 
never expected myself to be on this side of the situation 😔 if u would have said 6 months ago things would be like this now , i'd have laughed 
wishing there was some fritanga in vegas 😔 this is why i'll never leave miami 😁 
and i'm at the place where it all started :( #toolong #idgoback 
the moment when your in the middle of a tweet and your internet stops working #epicfail #fml -_____- 
USERNAME i won't be joining you this evening . :( ha and good ! you're moving ? 
#nowplaying USERNAME - stars ★★★★★ ( #sarakay ): URL #dubsteplullabies ;) 
not looking forward to all the studying i need to do this weekend 😢 😢 👎 
guess its time for bed ... work in the morning :( 
USERNAME no i'm not ): ugh it makes me really sad . but i will be there soon ! real soon . but are u really moving to washington ? 
:'( i fall asleep and that dream i know it's not real i know but it felt so real and the pain it feels so real </3 
USERNAME :c ewek yg pake jersey bola itu sexy (banget). 
just wanna be home , i miss the #360 :'( 
laying on my babe , my pouty face . i wanted something an he wouldn't let me have it :( ( URL 
can not wait to be out of the car .. just wanna take my bra off ): #uncomfortable #girlproblems 
today has just not been my day at all :( but i kept a smile no matter what tmrw is another day .... 
saw 3 makes me sick to my stomach 😲 😭 😱 
USERNAME sowwy i couldn't be there tonight :( i was off campus . 
fuck i fell asleep at 6 & i barely woke up :( 
sad to see mighty maicer go :( rt USERNAME izturis agrees to 3-year , $10m deal with jays URL … 
USERNAME waay chan zaain love you moorree mama 😭 😘 
not a great start to the weekend , got my first ticket 💀 #fml #fuckdapolice 
not sure what i want anymore 😔 why do i have to be so passionate about so many things ? 
USERNAME hahahaha omg samantha 😭 but you're technically on the weekend so it's acceptable love youu goodnight mama 
this valet guy is so sweet & cute . why must he be married with a million kids ? :( 
why am i up tho ? ? i should be sleep but i can't breathe :( my nose is stooped up & my throat was dry but this apple juice good af 
had a great time in cincinnasty with lil sis . so sad to go back to dc :-( 
man i have not tweeted in so long . i've been so depressed lately . #depression #sucks #ass 
USERNAME :'( how could you lie to me ! ! ! 
it makes me upset that none of my friends get along :( like they all hate each other or have problems with one another ... 
whaat tha flying fuuckk ... no eggs at home ? how am i gonna make instant noodles 😭 😭 😭 #problem 
me quiero ir de esta mierda 😡 😞 😞 😞 
who wants me to take them in&out ? lmfaoo jk im broke . ima poor ass native american #sadtweet 
i am not selfish :( not sure wats up but i feel alone and unwanted . if there is something or somebody else .... say something 
USERNAME 😭 you're so amazing ! i adore you too ! ❤ 
can't sleep .. too much on my mind .. 😔 😨 💤👎🙅 #thinking #sucks #ijustwannasleepforever #pleasegod 
USERNAME no i did not , you did ! ! i was just tweeting innocently , and was told i was not a pro at napping ! ! 😢 
i think ima call it a night y'all ✌ 😞 
boy i didn't talk to you at all now i'm sad :( 
:( i'm soo sad that USERNAME is in my city right now and i'm not around them 
you promised you'd be here for me always , no matter the time . yet i call you at 3am & your phone goes to voicemail . means a lot . thanks . 😔 💔 
😢 the accident replays in my head all over again 😞 
as soon as my direct deposit goes through , i pay bills . i hate that i'm responsible ... hah 😔 
i hate when my friends heart are broken 💔 #subtweet i would do anything to keep them happy 
if i ever have food in my fridge it seems to get into my stomach way to quick :( 
USERNAME but it sure is lonely here in the back seat :( . 
tonight will be the first since then ..... hh ? 😔 
frontera without my bros ain't the same ... 😞 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME then don't tweet so muchh , lol . your tweets funny af , you can't leave twitter ): lol 
USERNAME benefits gotta have em :( its the only way , ive checked darn it ! 
really don't feel the greatest . head cold . :( 
i need stuffed animal preferably a polar bear :( ( i lost my sweetie bear :( ((((((( 
kinda sleepy but paige has some else n mind 😞 
USERNAME they just found the things that look like snakes :( scaryy 
childhood books made love seem so happy and happily ever after . 😔 .. they started lying to us early . i see why we lie . 😒 
i guess i can't go out this saturday USERNAME i'm really sad not cause i can't go out but because i won't be with my best friend :'( 
rain aint never favorite that tweet tho lmmfao 😭 😭 😭 😭 
my old doctor ' had too go ! ): ( 
i can't stand having my toes , hands , & ears being cold :( 
feels like a complete failure and trying to figure out where i went so wrong 😔 
tonight was awesome ! seeing jennel for the first time in months was amazing ! i've missed my best friend so much and i don't want to leave :( 
disappointed by skyfall and have to be at work in five hours :( 
USERNAME i seriously wish you guys could come ! or at least you because to think rachel is coming . but i'm leaving tomorrow :( 
i have to breathe thru my mouth . stupid nose :( 
i feel bad for saying this but i would do anything to see my mom again . she wasnt a great mom by anymeans but shes my mom & i need her ): </3 
USERNAME all these depressing tweets :( keep that head up ! 
once i pick up a good book i can't put it down and now i'm sad that i finished reading it :( lol 
USERNAME i know :( my mom told me all late /: 
USERNAME meiosis isn't that bad ! the way grisé tries to explain it though sucks 😣 👎 
still in love with my x :'( #its hard to move on 
im such a wussy when it comes to pain 😔 
gaab really greys anatomy 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #canthandleit 
about to cry at the fact i'm still awake 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME :( i hope you feel better soon girl ! 
aleppo in ruins 😢 💔 moving photos must see ! ! URL 
haha everytime i hear taylor swift i think of the time USERNAME & i sang ! haha miss you guys ): 
#iwillneverunderstand how a team with so much talent can start off 1-5 :( USERNAME 
it's the worst when you open a snap chat prematurely . then the time runs out :( 
faking dependent types with style in haskell (preview ): URL 
talking to a friend about how i want a sister .. makes me want a sister even more 😞 
i jst want monday to pass by i think i'm jst gonna b in bed for da whole day n not get up 😞 😢 #12 #18 #notinthemood 
my back is in so much pain . :( tryna pass out . #couchproblems . 
2 am packing for atl ? probably not my best decision . studying for organic at 2 am , post monkey ? definitely not my best decision . #yolo #fml 
my dog is really chewing on the table outside and making a gang of noise . 😞 
USERNAME no he passed away this april :'( pero lets end this convo qe lloro 
i pray that i dont have a brain fart moment during the exam .. all my efforts on studying will be wasted 😔 
this is going to be a very long night 😔 
i hate floorsets ! ! its impossible for me to sleep after them #wahh 😭 ❌😴💤 
how come none of my friends stayed home so i have people to hang with on visits ! ! 😡 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME omg i just read this who the fuck dies ! ! omg :( ((((( i'm so behind ! 
shid crazy .... wish someone cud put a smile on ma face :( but it wud prplly be my fault 
how to freak yourself out: youtube before bed . 😳 👎 😢 they gonee kill us ! #illuminati 
USERNAME lmao thanks matt ! jeeze lol . no jk but yeah i know i sound crappy . i feel it :( stuffy nose is the worst when trying to sleep 
my tummy fucking hurtss , i shouldn't eat such weird combos of food #fml #inpain 
made with cold water in a plastic water bottle ...... #thestruggleisreal :( URL 
texting myself is my only way to express my feelings to someone understands me ! :'( at least for now 
USERNAME well , precious does live inside me , she be hogging all the food 😔 😔 😔 ain't shit i can do 
probably about to pass out real soon .. just got super tired . :( 
keep stalkin me imma put some pics on every page have yo dumb ass 😢 😱 😢 
USERNAME super sad that picture didn't turn out good ! 😭 😩 #maybenexttime 
i have a feeling tomorrow morning is gonna suck #driving3hoursalone 😥 
USERNAME yae for cuddle weather ! if only my honey was home to cuddle with 😔 
i'm finally old enough to order porn online .... ... wait no i am not :( 
jealous of people who still live with their parents , i miss my mom 😭 but then i think about it and i go to the best school ever so it's ok 
USERNAME i don't know 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
dear god , throw me a bone would ya ? please :( 
just don't know i hate when the person you like gives you mixed signals 💔 😲 🔫 
for now , texting myself is my only way to express my feelings to someone understands me ! :'( #text 
i wish you acted like you actually cared ! ! :( 
my head is killing me ! ! ! 😣 #stopit 
hate waking up from a bad dream and not having you here to say its ok . ... but i can always call :'( missing my #buttercups ! 
USERNAME seeing her now just breaks my little heart :( 
sitting here wondering how in the hell did jaci not txt me yet 😔 
we are never ever ever , getting back together </3 #taylorswift #np 
USERNAME i know .... 😔 he's mine in my dreams lol 
heartburn ugh , from them damn tacos i ate lastnight :( 
every single night i go to your twitter , just to see how your doing , your doing just fine without me , it's been 5 months . i should move on :( 
USERNAME aww . if it makes you feel better i get like that at random because of my lyme . i had it the other day i hope you get better :'( 
been on replay since saturday ! by USERNAME with you on my mind <3 :{ 
i wish sleeping without u would get easier # 😔 
i dont know why its so hard for you to realize how much i love you and would drop everything for you ... why cant you love me too ? </3 
USERNAME sometimes i get an anxiety for no good reason :( ( no fun 
USERNAME you’re in davao ? so jealous ! i’m a (dual) citizen and don’t go to the pi ever :( enjoy ! mabuhay ! also: our #swsd is next week ! 
USERNAME ahahaha ! yeahh . loved the intro ! can't believe what happened to that jlaw look-a-like . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME lmbo ! ! i love you ride or die ! what happened to us :( i miss u ! ! we hung out yesterday , where were u ? ! 
USERNAME omg im so sorry i just realized i didnt respond to that text ! ! ! ! ! ! #badfriend #imsorry ! ! ! ! :( (((((( <3 333 
#iwillneverunderstand why people don't believe me that that's really me on my twitcon 😭 😭 
USERNAME when are you gonna be home ! ? 💔 
lol why are all the girls asleep ? :( #feelliketheonlyone #wakeupfishies #oratleasttweet 
i gotta wake up in like 4 hours #fml 😒 
i wanna change my avi , but the pic is just a thirst trap & i no wanna be thirst trap but i like the picture 😿 😿 😿 
thinking about those times makes me sad all over again that jerrick passed away 😞 
USERNAME that wasn't to you , but i do too :( it sucks 
someone talk to me , my babe went to sleep 😔 
all i want to do is fall asleep and have the tears stop running down my face ... :'( 
i get paid today , but i will be broke as soon as i pay everything i owe . 😔 
USERNAME haha i hope you feel better and i didn't really get to see much of it yet 😔 i was on a plane for like 7 hours .. it was torturous 
why couldn't i be a normal asian .. ? 😞 👲🐼🍚🍜🍣 
USERNAME i just did .. i'm up sick again :( 
lord i just laugh with this pain in my spine .... i don't know if i can still hold the tears that wants to flow from eyes . :( ( 
USERNAME i have no way anymore to talk to you :( does your phone work over there ? ? n you need to get your ass bask to wv 
cruising with the homie USERNAME lokwey we lost lol #lost #crusing #fml 
super rough night 😔 rip grandma i love you . 
its been so long that you forget the way i used to kiss your neck ... remind me . </3 here are the fucking tears . )': 
one minute i'm dying of heat and the next i'm shaking freezing ... i hope i'm not getting sick 😔 
i'm so comfortable in my bed tho , i don't wanna have to pee ): 
USERNAME no memo i'm new to redford so they probably failed to tell us on purpose :( 
trynna avoid gettin on call of dutyy .. i'll never go to sleep if that happens 😔 
someone whose known you for almost four years should know when your birthday is 😔 cough cough to oomfs 
wish i didn't have class on a friday , but at least it's every other friday . 😔 
i missed USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME tonight at brothers .. wasn't the same without my babes 😥 
eat my pussy . rt USERNAME i’m so hungry :( 
i have such a headache i can't sleep ughh :( 
everytime i try to go to bed early i get woken up by scary dreams 🙀 😾 😴 
USERNAME so was the snake thing in the mouth :( 
USERNAME USERNAME we have class in basically 6 hours 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i meant swerve him ... 😔 i'll leave now 
snow on saturday ! ! ! ! it's my birthday weekend tho ): #damn 
my life would be perf if i can see my bestfriend everyday . only boy that gets me , but we both working like crazy lately . wompp :( 
she misses her thugg an this thugg misses her :'( URL 
i hate when i'm texting someone or multiple people and they fall asleep on me 😞 #wakeup 
tired of listening to the same songs in my phone :( 
always one night if the week i can't sleep #fml 
stop gttng mad at me fucck .. sorry ! :'( USERNAME 
USERNAME aww ! i really wish i could see them someday ! :( 
i don't understand why beatrice would even be asleep right now . it's barely 12 in cali ): she's getting a f+ in bestfriend duties right now ! 
my dad is too cute sometimes , ohh how i miss him 😭 
i hate web i'm texting someone or multiple people and they fall asleep on me 😞 #goodnight #sweetdreams 😴 
some cab drivers are thee worst ... #asshole broke af .. 😣 
i hate when i'm texting someone or multiple people and they fall asleep on me 😞 #goodnight #sweetdreams 😴 
i miss #oomf , wish he'd text me back , cause i have something important to say ! :( 
USERNAME 😞 hang in there chanelle . stay strong🙏 condolences to you&your fam .. love ya ! 😘 
that's love right there maang ! staying up & talking about her problems ! i miss her 😩😫😪😫 😭 
reading all the letters in the scrapbook he made me makes me miss him even more .. why did i do this to myself ? ? 😢 
random fact #17 : a cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off 😣 
... having trouble finding anyone i know on here :( 
i just really can't believe what happen tonight . #goodnight 😔 
ugh , it's way too late at night for all this :'( lskjflksjdf 
so glad i got to facetime my good friend tonight . he's in the marines out in california ! ! :( aahh , #misshim 
i wanna cuddle with my cat but she doesn't want to cuddle back 😥 🐱 💔 
ugh ... when you hit up the wrong team . member and all you can think is damn i wish i wouldn't have called this nigga :-( 
finally in bed . what a super shitty day 😞 
i feel like i'm gonna be in the hospital tomorrow .. #happenseverytime #sydneyproblems 😞 
i've always know my house is haunted but today the paranormal shit has gotten out of control i'm scared 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME she's suppose to at least be awake when i'm having a meltdown ): i need a new bestfriend lol 
jersey shore , bed , & a hurting heart . </3 at least i have my daughter by my side and bestfriend USERNAME upstairs 
“USERNAME i'm about upset with you ! USERNAME :( ((( 
can't sleep cause this dern cough ! ! ! ! :( 
i hope i dont have to get my appendix out . :( 
i think it's right to say that i've started at step 1 again 😔 
i'm trying to keep a hold of the feelings i have for you . they are slipping away . i'm afraid & heartbroken . you deserve an equal partner 😞 
rt USERNAME i'm gonna be sad asf tormorrow and the weekend tbh ugh fml dude :'( 
USERNAME smh ..... 😔 , excuse him , he's a few shots deep haha 
i don't know who's worse dai or vonni on the phone ... 😑 😣 
USERNAME i have it in black but didn't occur to me to get it in white ! ! :-( URL 
USERNAME i wish i was good at hitting on/hinting to a boy 😔 
USERNAME niall or someone on his name said hi to me and then i guess deleted it ..... :'( 
someone people are just to blind to notice the beauty around them 😔 
today i decided i can’t write any more essays .... i just can't ....... </3 ]: #butihaveto 
my tummy hurts . ! !. 😔 😞 😢 😢 
how many more times in my life is this same dam thing going to happen to me ... 😕 😔 💔 
USERNAME i know how that feels ): i loose mine the 11th . ): worse feeling ever since i'm so dependent on it for everything . 
my head is killing me , and my tummy hurts .. :( 
USERNAME #true 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
when your best friend ignores you . no bueno . :( 
USERNAME that would require me to be able to stop thinking ... i'm trying though . USERNAME made me cry with a text . 😔 #bffshit 
too hard to get a fucking job ! > :( 
can't sleep .. 😞 watching loopers on my hd .. #instagramphotos #instagram #iphonephot @ the twinpower sanctuary URL 
my friends get boyfriend/girlfriend and never talk to me ever again ! #sadtweet 
well shoot , i’m up so late i missed the late night crew . daamn . was counting on USERNAME to save me from all this studying 😔 
😭 😭 😭 😭 u da best bevy boo rt USERNAME i care i care 😩😤 USERNAME USERNAME 
one of these days i swear i'll catch up on sleep 😔 😴💤 
just getting home , moms pissed today is friday and i might not be able to do shit this weekend .. shit sucks #fml #damndamndamn :'( 
boa niggas . my last time in uniform . :c 
i have to be up in like 5 hrs and i'm up 😔 😒 😞 😣 
USERNAME ... i am hating . like massive amounts . me and the snow are not friends ! 😣 
i was dead asleep at chelsea's , and when i get home wide awake ... 😭 😭 😭 😭 
go easy on the bottle amd hard on yourself . </3 
USERNAME i imagine the headache i will have tomorrow morning will be 10 times as bad as your current one . :[ 
ugh i've been in the mood to dance so bad lately ): someone take me dancing -__- 
i don't think i've ever been so upset about losing an article of clothing . rip clarence . you'll make a 1 handed person very happy someday :( 
those scenes you see on tumblr and you're just like god damn i want that 😒 😔 
just fucked up . b . a . d ... :( 
don't even wanna go to class tomorrow 😔 hate my fridays ! it's okay though , just two more friday labs left ! ! 
and i might be okay , but i'm not fine at all #lyrictweet #taylorswift 💔 
my sides hurt :( i think its warning me for my tom . ughh 
USERNAME dude i love no doub t.t hey've always been one of my favorite bands . i can't wait that shit gonna get cray 😊 👌 
USERNAME i had some dumbass girl say the same exact line to me . i'm dead in the south- surrounded by repubs . #fml #basically 
lmao , we really do scare people then . mommy wasn't lying 😔 
USERNAME just got done chillin with my friends . now i'm bored :( lol 
again here i lay for almost 4hrs and cannot sleep #heartless #lost #scared #nervous # 💔 ☔ 😲 🔫 
damnit ! ! i forgot to take a shower 😔 now i have to wake up an hour earlier 
USERNAME i need you here with me ! ! :( 
USERNAME me too :( i wish i was their manager or something lol 
it seems like such fun until you lose what you had won . 😔 
USERNAME i know :( we were talking about u ! i should've texted u but i figured since i didn't hear from u , u were in dinuba 😔 but next wed ! ! 
USERNAME no caro no :( did you see liams tattoo i died omg today was too emotional to me to much 
USERNAME lol it was earlier :( i was tryna get ur attention 
USERNAME USERNAME unfortunately , no :( but she kno i still got love for her 
time for a short nap then moree studying before my exam :( 
worst feeling in the world hearing your daughter scream over and over in her sleep . 😔 she stopped but 😢 💔 
USERNAME helping out ! i've never realized how dependent i am to my iphone until i realize i want have it in two days ): 
this wind is just like , 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME and he still ain't followed me back :( 
why won't USERNAME make this 3 am walmart trip with me ? ! 😧 😔 💔 
these sleeping pills aren't even working anymore 😔 that's shit 
man i'm ready to be home already man how much i hate 2nd-3rd doubles 😔 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME clearly i am just sensitive because i prefer older men and hear these jabs on the daily . :( 
i come off to be , mean but its all an misinterpretation .. 😔 
it hurts to cry . everyday for the same reason . knowing that you walk around with a real smile and the one i wear is fake . </3 
USERNAME flannel ! dude ! i miss home improvement :( 
USERNAME at least wash ur hands when ur done u never know what's in those things :( 
working so much that you have dreams about work <<<<< 😒 😣 
why cant we just walk around naked ? :( nothing wrong the body that god gave us .. #iamdelirious 
toda noite querendo um pouquinho mais da minha casa , tem como produção ? 😞 
keeping her up <<< she's going to be too tired for work and shit 😣 
3:00am and omy to mississippi 😢 bye bye texas #adios ✌ 
akira ... she wants the d but idk if she ready for this pipe ... pen ? pen cap ? oh 😔 URL 
i'll always wonder which part of me isn't good enough for you .. :-( i wish things were like they used to be 
USERNAME yeah we need to ! no they wouldn't let me in 😔 , lol let me stop my papers were all messed up so i have to wait til jan . you ? 
USERNAME me too :( ( i love you too . 
my baby kno how ta put in work he put it down then lay me down .... ;- ): -);-) 
bram stoker i guess you should be happy you didn't live to see the shitty vampires :( 
USERNAME i wish i was fly so i could follow them every i go . :( 
everyone lost a friend , i lost a brother but damm my mother lost a son . 💔 
drinking makes me crave those carne asada fries 😳 😭 😭 😭 😭 #allbad #fatfood 
the only time my sleeping habit is bad is when i have to be up at 8am whaa why can't i sleep ? ! :( 
aww yess i love rain in the moring idk if it rainging in la (when ever i go weather is always fucked up ): ))) 
i guess i can't take my criminal justice class next semester 💔 💔 💔 😫 😭 😩😤 
heavy rains scared me ! ! ! ! ! ): 
the rain makes me wanna cuddle .. oh how i miss the cuddling days :( 
i have to get ready in a hour for school , might as well just stay up #fml 
im so tired but fuck i don't feel good at all :( 
USERNAME same cause your feet arent in my face :( 
i have class at 8 and i'm still up 😖 😫 😭 
by fucked up i mean where i live it could be cold and up there it could be hot thats how it was last weekend(iknoi went the wrong week ): "( 
#transformers 4 what ? didnt actually believe it . but im sad cuz shia labeouf wont be in it </3 
even worse USERNAME is asleep and can't text me 😢 
USERNAME ewan ko ayoko isipin . nakakadiri . :( uy kamusta pala ? 
i'm the only one up smh no one to talk to :-( 
yay for my car overheating in the most sketchiest spot ... if anyone in san marcos is up you should totally come help your girl out 😢 😩 😔 
USERNAME you could act like it every now and then . 😭 💔 
i couldnt find u :( would u plz send me ur name .. 
imagine loving someone but not being able to tell them cause you want things to fall in place natrually . </3 
i have to give a speech in 5 hrs . 😔 
i'm so sleepy ! i'm so scared for tomorrow :( but i think i put in a good amount of work . 
pbrs w USERNAME and noah , tho USERNAME was a no-show :( (@ hi-lo club w/ 2 others) URL 
USERNAME sorry ? :( i have a lot of thoughts .. and i get bored .. and i've had a twitter for awhile ! ! 
USERNAME well soon i hope :( i'll be home for thanksgiving ! 
leave me alone i just want to eat my pancakes :( 
on my way to the airport ! ! ! ! soon ill be with my love again so sweet ! ! ! #planes :( #soafraid 
USERNAME me too 😔 lol and i gotta teach 5th grade tomorrow ! 
just watched lion king and there's srsly no way to hold back the tears :'( 
USERNAME that's rough 😔 why'd you stay around ? (if you don't mind my asking) 
USERNAME i barely have time for myself now , imagine when i have a gf -- hint: 0 time :( 
USERNAME USERNAME ik hungry too 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
got surgery on my thumb nail ... 😖 😢 👎👊 @ marietta dermatology & the skin cancer center URL 
USERNAME :( don't be sad ill see you saturday ! ! ! 
USERNAME poor baby :-( those snot cunt suckers had no right to do that to zayn 
USERNAME miss you . and touring in the van with the family :( 
i just burned my damn throat with this hot soup :( 
USERNAME i'm on the same thing but my day wasn't long , i feel left out :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry i had to work :'( ill make it up to you ! 
USERNAME hahahaha bestão ! boa aula amor , vou tentar dormir né :( te amo mtmt , bom dia , ate mais tarde ! 
USERNAME you already know i ain't hittin on shit ! :( 
USERNAME noo ! ! ! ! :( you must feel better soon ! i must see you ! 
USERNAME i have to get treatment right after my class 😔 
my baee finna leavee :( .. sad but not sad ! ! 
80 miles from weed california . i miss USERNAME :( 
day 1: my dream is to be a supreme court justice . my goal is to become a lawyer . my reality is a mcdonalds manager . #gettoknowme #facts #fml 
USERNAME :( ( okaay if ya still in pain later td ill drive ya ! 
USERNAME be rude so i rather delete than put up with people stupidity . :'( 
USERNAME well bring me some damn medicine , i'll exchange for food 😞 
“USERNAME what tha fcuk ? ? ? "USERNAME :( URL 
the wind was so loud i decided to move rooms , there is now 300 pairs of justin bieber eyes just watching me sleep . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i hate this room . 
i hate being sick 😔 someone bring me soup , starbucks and endless nyquil #cantsleep #miserable 😷💊 
roommates don't know how to party ! one beer really ? lest i had a good time , early birthday party ! #done #goingtosleep class in5 hours ! #fml 
USERNAME when you tweeted this i thought you meant the wine after work lol .. not the dodge 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME can you carry me to the bathroom ? please 😔 as my cna that's your job ... 
USERNAME i was so sad when i realized 'want u back' wasn't on the xbox version if #justdance4 ): 
these hoes be poppin up ! and these ninjas be lettin em' ! 😭 
USERNAME thanks boo , sometimes i do but i know im not , it's just alittle difficult 😔 but seriously thank you 😘 💜 
this is not okay . i should be sleeping . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME its funny cause the met does the same thing :( 
i miss just being able to lay down cuddle and talk all night 😔 
why must i wake up in the middle of the night an over think everything .. 👎🙇 💔 
i need another beer but matthew fell asleep on my legs ): < 
USERNAME you guys were i'm just a friend . and nothing more . :'( 
elbows hurt can only imagine what the rest of my body will feel like tomorrow #itsonlythursday #fml thanks USERNAME for trying to teach 
randomly woke up and now i can't get back to sleep 😞 
USERNAME lol its 4:00 am and still awake :( -.- projects :s exams :s study cases :s and i also have conference :( 
USERNAME wow dee i'm glad u stay up for self and you made me cry tonight 😢 👍 💋 
they say when you dream of someone that person misses you . i wonder if he has dreams of me , becuase i sure miss him . #poppabear 😔 
USERNAME whaa ? ? ? i thought it wasn't supposed to come out till the 20th ! fail on my part . i'm just gunna go cry myself to sleep now :( 
USERNAME i want to so bad ! ! wah ! :( 
i'm so hungry i can't get out of bed . to damndizzy . hurray for my blood sugar dropping . #fuckmylife 
i'm only gonna break break your break break your heart 💔 
i wish my suit mates weren't leaving me this weekend with the circus act in my room 😭 #scared USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME good times :( those were the days when life was so fucken good ! 
USERNAME </3 yup i'm just gunna crawl in my cave now lol 
USERNAME no just because i talk to u and if u respond to me they assume that i think that you are mine which i don't . :'( 
i wanna smoke but i don't wanna go outside :( 
trying to find sleep , but it's no where 2 b found . smh :-( (@ my house . my home .) URL 
i hate being sick 😔 #miserable #getyourshittogetherimmunesystem 😷 😥 💊 
omgodd . if he says no , then i'm finished . i'll be broken beyond repair . it's leaning towards a yes , but i'm afraid he'll change his mind :( 
USERNAME who said asians are good at math :-( (( 
moment when ur so sick ur eyes cry 😢 where's the soup at 
USERNAME i still think i should get at least some credit for being at least a little awesome :( lol 
dame i can't believe i ran out of weed .. 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME wow who is most definitely still awake and received no invite </3 
do not understand why i always insist on watching scary shows before bed 😔 #worstnightmaresever 
i unrolled my silverware at denny's and this is what i found :( URL 
i'm miserable thanks for not caring or asking . #fuckmylife 
what do you call a dream that you love having but it's a complete nightmare at the same time :( those days cut deep into my heart <3 #ilyfaa 
i need some kind of a breeze when i'm sleeping ! if not i wake up :'( 
i hope that was the last round :( i hate being sick . legitimately sick 
i hate when ppl act like i can't understand there troubles . i live on my fucking own stupid . poor you & ur one or two bills and gas . wah ! 😭 😠 
prob also the only scaredy cat in america who would consider pretty little liars to be a ... 😖 😥 😒 
cold getting contractions and i can't sleep &only have one pillow :( # ready to cry ! ! 
i wanted to talk to b on the phone tonite . :( 
i seriously lost my eyebrow brush what do i even do in the am 😭 kill myself ? everything is wrong . 
uugghh ! that's what i get for looking through his phone t.t 
wtf snoring like a walrus and i am two rooms away 😡 😠 😡 😠 😾 #leave 
great got more sick ! no vacation for me #fml #seriously #fucckk 
USERNAME yeah etta died on my birthday .. :'( i hope for happy fringe moments for you . happy birthday . #fringe 
USERNAME will do ! miss you guys ! ! :( 
omg , i forgot i parked with the trucks bed like half ways out the drive way ! lol . cus i was supposed to leave right away but i fell asleep . 😞 
i hate just laying here not being able to sleep :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME perfect holly and thanks . it's simply disgusting :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME btw i reported them to i still feel sorry for betsy the cow :( 
why am i awake right now . my phone was blown up for the first time i fell asleep early ! #fml . 
totally joking . putting it in butts hurts and is weird :'( 
i need my sister/best friend ! ! the only one that gets mee ! ! #confused #sad #depressed #lonely # :( #merp 
lol , weird ! my fb statuses are getting sent to twitter 👌just perfect ! .. noot 😔 
i'm always losing everything ! i can't find my credit card 😢 
when will be the day when USERNAME follows me ? ! . 😥 
tonight has been the longest night of my life ... 😰 💔 
101s @ chavez (sf ): :accident s-101 at grand left lanes blkd 
officially has my work schedule until january 18th ... looks like i'm working christmas night :( 
USERNAME yeah , i know the feeling . when real problems are hurting those you've grown to care about & you can't do anything :'( 
i just played slender and now i can't sleep 😭 #scaredasfuck 
finally done with lab . omg i have 3 hours to sleep :( 
ugh why am i still awake .. ? ! getting 3 hours of sleep before the crazy day i'm gonna have tomorrow is not gonna be good .. 😣 
USERNAME everyday every second :( i miss 09 man shit was so good :( 
i only got a few good friends i can count on but they live so damn far 😔 
😴i just woke up at 1:40 in the morning having the worst cramps ever ! 😞 😩 😭 
and yet again USERNAME is up , i better see you asap ! :'( this once every three weeks shit won't fly . 
USERNAME must be the latter . hate is learned behavior , and racism is hate . it's terrible :( 
ok the most part is because i just found out my father might have cancer :'( . and i don't know what to do i feel bad cause i'm a nurse . 
USERNAME naw boo .... u know u gonna get the biz when i see u . you be too busy for me when i'm in a town :( 
i don't think USERNAME will every notice me ! . #followme 😥 😁 
she got that knock off baby phat wit a backwards cat called baby girl ... #fuckwrongwither 😔 
i feel so bad for all the homeless people 😰 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😪 😭 😥 😓 
i couldn't tell you the last night i cried myself to sleep .. but tomorrow ill be able to say last night . 😢 
one of the hardest things to do .. #overwhelmed . #sadtweet 
dennys at 4:40 in the morning ... i miss my roommate ): 
USERNAME like me with kriss and u with that one guy the one who past :( as well 
yung mga sumasali parin kahit na mayaman na .. oww pleasee ipaubaya mo nalang sa mga walang kaya yan . :'( #repost 
in bed eating gummy vitamins cause i've got the tummy rumblies . :( #vitaoverdose #hungrybear #strongestbonesever 
USERNAME i should but i'm a lazy shit :( some of it would be interesting too if i included my strange dreams . what a waste ! 
guys ... from last nights episode , that new 4x07 picture could be a hallucination , so don't get your hopes up ! ! :( <|3 
USERNAME any chance you want to offload that free haircut to me ? i have an interview tuesday . can't really offer anything in return :( 
i miss my boy and his comfy bed . 😔 
i'm super upset . it's almost unhealthy to feel my feels at the moment . grr . #heated #shade 😢 😤 😡 
USERNAME : hahaha . stuck reading old boring novels :( ( 
that's not a girl ! girls never let you know where their tickle spot is . they make you look for it and when you find i t.t hey make you feel bad . 
fucking aquarium tomorrow :| and then flight home :( arghikvdfnlpptrwwscv 
just bought some more screen protectors that quickk 😔 death to the amazon app && their ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME sorry bout that :/ like whatever's i'm getting used to it , what can i do ? nothing just live with it :( 
nothing like going to bed at 5 in the morning . #crazynight #fml 
i wanted to do a shout out for my #3k 😞 
demelza and USERNAME -- 😔 @ all time low URL 
goodnight tweeties hopefully i'll never wake up today :( #sleepalldayhopefully #crazynight #fml 
zz ..... i don't know how schools gonna go .. sleeping this late can't be good ): 
i miss wc and all of my wc friends 😭 
the same security guard who told me an auto pencil sharpener was a stapler had to show me how to work the actual automatic stapler #fml 
then i remember that i should sleep . i have 3 classes , 1 exam , a 3 hour drive and a party to go to tomorrow evening , then of course the bar 😧 
USERNAME jan ? ! ill still be in la :( kill me now . are you coming back to la anytime soon ? i could do with a new bestie . #murdabizness 
my mom needs to get better . goodnight . 😔 
USERNAME i <3 kitties . but now i should probably sleep . :( 
i wish i had someone to rub my back to put me asleep . can't sleep , once again . :( #exhausted 
waking up at 5 am for no reason ... 😣 #tired #sleepy #sick 
USERNAME wow that's scary bro :( and pretty intense ! how are you doing now ? 
all i wanna do is sleep ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😔 😖 
USERNAME i feel u there lol . i slept bout maybe two hours so far . n i got to b to work at 7 .. fml :( 
why do i keep waking up so early for no reason 😔 
buried myself in blankets . this is what i do with my life . 😦 . ⭐i tried ⭐ @ district 12 URL 
someone should text me .. its 3am and im up doing homework with nobody to talk to 😔 
this whole thing has me crying like a big baby ! ! ! :( 
my legs are soo sore from all that walking ! ! 💢 time to get back in the gym ! so out of shape 😣 
well i guess my sleep patterns are just gonnaget a whole lot worse before they can get any better 😞 😴 
gotta b up n 5hrs .. long ass day ahead of me .. :( 
crazy week seems like things are looking up if i could just find a way to have a commitment maid to me i would feel better :( 
omg ! ! ! i can't sleep 😢 i feel so sick 😣 😓 
even though hes right here i just wish he would wake up and keep me company 😔 
sorry for blowing new feeds up with my butt . 😔 
USERNAME we miss you too . this isnt twerking weather :( 
why am i awake right now ? ! 😣 😒 
USERNAME u tertinggal satu monyet dari us nie ... :'( 
USERNAME u so with the shit .. ! you gone make dude cry 😭 
sucks missing someone who doesn't miss you , or think of you .. this sucks ! ! wish the hurt would stop hurting .. 😔 
😔 oh how i never fail at having terribly scary dreams 
i really think i like big asses to much 😔 
acidity ! guess the food was more hot than it actually tasted ! :-( USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME dang lady ... if it makes you feel any better i'm sick af right now ): 
i'm just gonna stop wishing for him , and stop trying , because now isn't the right time 😔 
every time i trust somebody , they show me why i shouldn't . 😔 
i have to watch treehouse wit my little cuzzo :( 
my fingers are so tender from doing kay's hair 😱 😥 😰 👇👇👎👎👎 
dont have a job anymore and am now hunting ... now wishing i nvr moved cuz there aint no jobs for at least 15-30 miles away from me now :( 
this is bullshit i cant belive hes fucking doing this :'( . 
but i had so much coffee ☕ tonight . idk if i can sleep . 💤 #tweakerstatus #fml 
why can't i sleep like every other noal person right now 😔 
my eyebrow fucking brush omg my fucking eyebrow brush where r u 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
praying my grandma is going to be alright . 😥 🙏 
the amount of fear that i have of hitting a deer on my 45 minute drive to work is seriously unhealthy 😣 
whyy am i up ? ? ! ! long stressful night ... of course id be up ! #fml 
USERNAME itu sbb tkde laki hnsem masa tu . kalau tak mst aku dah behave dah . hahaha . rindulah nak raya sama :'( 
USERNAME i knoo .. i have one on my nook and did every one of them tonight :( 
finally got to smoke after 3 days 😭 🙏 #tybg 
i hate when my bae love is in pain :( 
break-ups aren't always meant for make-ups , sometimes they're meant for wake-ups . 😔 
idk if i feel the same way for you ): 
fack . i'm going to bed . these texts i'm getting are hardcore . #fml 
USERNAME no ! i can't sleep ... bad dream :( 
i knew i was ugly , thanks for reminding me josh ): 
music heals my heart , music calms my mind , music saves my life . 😔 🎵🎶🎤🎧 
its 5:09 a . m . & i cant sleep without my dog ... :'( 
wide awake at 5am . . . :( . its gonna be a long day ! 
just because you haven't found your talent yet , that does not mean that you don't have one . 😔 
USERNAME yes . they were sent home early on tuesday ( further east not in eq) but all was back to normal yesterday . so cold here ! ! :( 
where can i down load free movies ? ? :( 
drunk marcus always gets himself into bad situations and i hate it :( just trying to fix things either fixes them too well or fucks up more 
i was trying to stay up to text USERNAME for his birthday but i fell asleep at 10:15. :-( 
i think someone should be in my bed by the time i get home ready to cuddle .. but that will never happen . #sadtweet . 
😫 i love you tho . & i'll be there saturday . 😘 rt USERNAME my bed is so empty w/o tre 😔 
i would go to the girls' and boy's varsity state soccer games , but i have to work . :( 
good night twitta , gotta wake up in 2 hours ... 😞 😒 
USERNAME yes . no power and it is so cold here .. kids wouldn't have heat in the classrooms . :( 
i'm wide awake still . might pull a all nighter and sleep at 10 tomorrow night . soo sad . why am i such a insomniac ? i need my own bed :'( 
i'm always complaining about my back or head hurting , but right now both do . :( wahh . 
i need to work out but i'm frucking exhausted :( 
home powerless .. #literally no power #fml (@ the bad girls clubb .) URL 
. USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME power out on treasure island yet again :( 
bse dugay2 ma brownout ! :( ( tani ndi ! 
have to go to doctor today ... :( atleast ill have my love with me .. ;) 
USERNAME i owe from spittin milkshake all over me in middle school when i made u laugh :( 
everyone should feel wanted and needed by someone , especially by their significant other . even if it's just to tie their tie for them 😔 
guess i better go get my lazy butt in the shower .. i'm so warm & comfy though ): 
neon nights series (but daytime this time ): double door @ double door URL 
emotionally , i'm done . mentally , i'm drained . spiritually , i feel dead . physically , i smile . 😔 
i'm off saturday & sunday ! ! ! ! ! ✊ ! my got damn body hurt & me being sick is making it no better 😭 😣 
tired and sick and my body won't let me sleep 😫 😭 
3 words , 8 letters . 3 syllables , 5 vowels , 3 consonants , 2 nouns , one emotion , many meanings , a big lie , a rare truth: i love you ♥ 😔 
it's better to be happy and be yourself; than to lie to yourself , please somebody else and be unhappy the rest of your life . 😔 
they don't love me , they only know me when they need me . 😔 
i am so cold , i just want to cuddle :c 
trust me , when i woke up today , i had no plans to be awesome but shit happens . 😔 
USERNAME 😿 i had to do that over the summer but i couldn't eat or drink for like 12 hours or ten i think .. ate so much after x-ray 
USERNAME yeah me either .. but they have so many issues they need to resolve :( 
life only comes around once , so do whatever makes you happy , and be with whoever makes you smile . 😔 
sleep ? what is that ? i don't do that anymore .. been up all night writing my essays #sadtweet 
i wish i was high so i can go to sleep already 😔 
can't ever go back to sleep once devin leaves for work . :'( 
the moment when the girl u care so mach about tells u :( 
this big ass burn on my chin is looking really bad :c 
it was gonna be a good day but #oomf ruined it . #fml 
must they play sad music at the airport ? #depressing #tooexcited 
it's biceps day and im nit feeling too well :( 
but still i can't explain , our july in the rain ... </3 
sad for me its gonna be cold at this game and im not gonna have anyone to cuddle with :( 
wanting what i can't have is really taking its toll on me lately . 💔 😞 #exhausted 
had a dream that there was a huge blizzard last night ... thought it was real 🔫 😣 
feel like i'm about to die , don't feel good at all . 😔 
haven't gone to the mall in a week ): i need to go . 
USERNAME haha saw that commercial tonight and totally thought of you ! ! ! #missyou :( 
hella hiva loi over here ... i keep thinkin i'm a get it right next song but err :( lol bye 
USERNAME hahaha you're like the 3rd one cause people keep unfollowing me ): 
meh :( (@ tampa international airport (tpa) w/ 16 others) URL 
thanks for the snap chat i woke up to it .. i was like i hope this picture isn't dirty and i'm half asleep ... 😔 USERNAME 
not getting much sleep tonight , sammy is having a rough night . :( poor baby 
USERNAME lol i wished ... you shoulda came over i was sad to wake up to an empty bed this am :( 
i just spilled water everywhere d; i'm sorryy babe :( hahaha #fired . USERNAME 
i hate being sick i can't sleep , eat , or breath . 😭 
started my day off way to early ... was up at 5 at work at 6 and didn't start so great 😞 hoping it gets better and and fast 😞 
i hate looking at the clock and relize that i gotta work and i still havnt slept . 😢 
USERNAME lol i'm going with the band though haha 😭 😭 
oh how i hate getting up so early , and then going to work :( 
USERNAME with siri-like apps out there , how about similar app to hold conversations for sleepy people driving or just lonely folks 😞 
USERNAME .___. that's when they're ugly and look like rats ): 
idk what i did but i am soo sick 😞 going to bring this idiot to work then back home to sleep then drs later on today 
USERNAME i have to be up in 2 hrs 😭 
cant get up . but hair needs to be done . :( 
tht moment when u realize that amazing thing tht just happened is a dream 😔 
no phone for td , so no hit ups 😔 😔 
so comfortable in bed . i don't want to move :( 
i just shaved my legs , and of course i get a million goosebumps when i get out of the shower ..... 😞 
stuffy nosee go awayy ! behh feel like crap :( 
USERNAME sorry , sorry ,. sorry , sorry , sorry . ): 
USERNAME drew please allow people in eastern wa to watch . we don't have kong . :-( . locked out #sounders fans . 
soo , brianna movedd && aint even comee && say by , 😭 
we just stopped playing cause my lives finished & i have class in the a . m . oh lord bless me & let me wake up in time🎮👩 😔 😭 😴💤🌙⭐❄ 
USERNAME my poor beautiful name </3 welpp thats why dey call me kraken 
omg i really don't wanna go to school , i feel like shit today 😞 😔 😒 
s . o . s . ing here too ! ! could not get to sleep last night . :-( sleepy ! USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
just woke up ... an hour later than i was supposed to :( 
bae nt going 2 skool 2 day :( :( :'( :'( 
USERNAME babalik ako diyan ! ! sa 2014 pa nga lang :( :( 
USERNAME 😢 😞 what's going on ? ! be happy ! ! 😬 
waking up from the best dream , and wanting to cry because it didn't really happen . 😔 😭 
USERNAME looks absolutely nothing like the book - which is sad :( 
amazing how productive one can be before 6am . have to make the most out of not being able to sleep . #needsomezzsbadly 😔 
i told myself i was goin to bed at a decent time .. but here i am at 3 am just finished hw on twitter laying in bed hyper af ! ? #ineversleep ): 
USERNAME USERNAME with linfinity and ballroom jacks at mercury lounge (november 30, 2012 ): new york , ny , us URL 
whyy can't i have that pinkk car that was in my dream :( whyy ! ! ! ! why do i have to wake up asswhole man 
up at 6 am with a bad dream . i need someone to snuggle 😞 💀 
USERNAME crazy strong ! ! ! ! vegas is and can be windy at night :( 
getting ready to leave florida .. only reason why i wanna come home is i miss my girls ): USERNAME USERNAME 
i feel even worse than i did yesterday 😔 😞 😷😩 
USERNAME i began reading your blog , now my heart goes out to you in your description of what life challenge surrounds you . :-( 
i hate seeing people cry . even in movies ... ): 
i wake up on time fine… but it’s cold outside the covers…. :( 
those cramps that make you drop what youre doing & give you the need to grasp on something with your life . not cool not cool :'( 
USERNAME no problemo , mr . junior ^-^ omg ! i know :( i wake up in 3 hours though . #sadlyfe 
damm this girl broke his heart cos he ain't the dad 😔 
USERNAME oh okayy , & ugh ik me too ! :( 
USERNAME sobrang tamad ako :( (( nakakatamod pumasok sa school :( 
goddang it chickfila please hurry and open i'm starvaann ): 
why does life have to be so unfair sometimes ! i don't get i t.t oday was great then my sister told me something tht broke my heart . life sucks 
joel and dj just left me . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i'm dying , how about you ? 😥 #cramps #thestruggle 
i hate when my boyf leaves new for work 😥 😩 
i swear saying goodbye to my mom is one of the worst feelings ever 😥 😭 😔 
idk what to do ... he's coming onto me really strongly and it's freaking me out :( 
USERNAME come teleport me from ct 😩😩😩 😭 😭 😭 
mistakes are normal , for the the normal are imperfec t.t he ability to grow n progress from each mistake is what differentiates . 
god damit i woke up and thought it was saturday ....... #fml 
- wavyflexincool (official music video ): URL via USERNAME just in case y'all missed it . USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
woke up with a headache :( i wonder why ... 
thanks to this sickness , weekend plans were cancelled . kids will be around which means: airborne and fucking face masks ! #igotthis #fml 
i don't want to get out of my warm bed :( 
USERNAME i'm mad someone was honking the horn by my house for 10 mins at 530 acting like people ain't sleeping smfh 😞 
USERNAME this app crashes every time i open it :( 
worst part of the day is saying goodbye to USERNAME at 6am :( i love you babee feel better ! 😘 
still sick ): i hate being like this . now i have to work all day and be like this too 
todaya friday and i feel like s h i t ! fuxk me :( . looks like im chillen for the weekend 
good morning .... i don't really want to have msc today :( 
ugh i honestly did not want to wake up today 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME with tavi at space 15 twenty (november 10, 2012 ): los angeles , ca , us URL 
every time i'm at mac neal i get nervous and scared thinking back to when i had noah and all the crap we went through . ugh 😷 😞 
so scared to get my report card .. #failingg ): 
and i'm still awake work is gonna blow tonight ): 
uhp early thinkin about sumthin but im sad :( ( 
i miss my high school friends . i feel like i've abandoned all my friends because of school . :( 
are you still allowed to come over tomorrow ? if you're too sick to its ok :( USERNAME 
shit never works out for me ! wtf ! 😥 😭 
USERNAME i'm used to seein you all the time noww ! ! ! :( 
please god let him fall back asleep i have to b at wrk in four hours :-( :-( #notcool #exhausted 
i feel like i can never get enough sleep :( 
just had the scariest dream ever about USERNAME and USERNAME :( #wuvyouguys 
someone tell me goodmorning ? im so nervous 😔 🙏 
USERNAME hope you felt the love we gave off on the phone ahah we really wish you were there ): atb .... 
hey bank , thanks for screwing me again ... #fml 
so glad it's friday , i hope i feel better throughout the day ! #sick 😷 😔 
i was hoping i'd wake up & yesterday would be some kind of bad dream ... 😭 
i don't understand why it's so hard to wake up in the morning ughh . all i wanna do is sleep :'( 
all i want to do is stay home and watch movies while laying in my warm bed 😔 
USERNAME yeah i'm pretty sure that my body hurts in places it has never hurt before 😭 ... but it was a success ! 👍😁 #lipdub2012 . 
every time i get a text i wish it was from you </3 
USERNAME i'm trying , still fighting a cold here :( thanks stud ! 
i hope at least one of my cases gets here today ): 
thought it was saturday .... it's not 💔 💔 😭 😭 
USERNAME oh my gosh i just remembered ! :( poor luke . 
i missed my two favorite shows two weeks in a row :'( #xfactor #vampirediaries 
i did not ! lmao my sink was wet and i leaned in and the water got on my pants ): 
i feel lonely ... gino aint on the bus :( 
i need a new nook mine just broke ... #fml 
USERNAME pls send me a photo of your crossword :( 
in so much pain .. my tooth thing def . got worse overnight . :( (((((( 
already started a horrible morning i accidently earsed 400 pictures i had since 2009 :( i want to die ! ! ! ! ! ! #shootme 
woke up thinking bout my fattie boo' ... he hung up on me last night ... :( well can't wait for his morning text i'll be just fine '. 
it's finally fucking friday 😣 @ 1150 18th street , nw URL 
i need sleep ! i'm too tired to function ... too bad i have stuff to do until 8pm :'( 
i've never had to get up this early to go to my doctor . ! what was i thinking making an 8am appointment #fml 
USERNAME i had coffee .. i cant go to sleep until my homeworks done :( 
USERNAME lol you two hoodlums better not be watching that nonsense , i was not thinking that night . the paparazzi had me all nervous ! 😔 
i should be in bed or on my couch but instead i'm at work 😭 
USERNAME hala why ! ! :( alam mo ba yun ? hahaha 
my stuffy nose won't allow me to sleep , so now i'm up . 😞 😷 
idk why but i miss my mama right now 😥 
butt , we both had to be up so it couldn't last foreverr :( 
i had a dream i was in california . :( 
USERNAME as a matter of fact , i am :-( but it's for a good cause , so it's a good thing ! ! 
i had a dream i was back in california . :( 
its hard to get up and get ready when i constantly have to pee . ugh . #fuckmylife 
USERNAME oh my jesus ! ! ! noo never abbeygayle ! ! ! it meant to say the ... but i guess it came out that :( aww i'm sorry ! 
i wish i had nice skin and a nice body , i wish i didn't make everything awkward . i wish i wasn't such a loser . 😔 
gonna apologize noww for my terrible mood and outfit day #sorry 👊 😭 
waking up with texts from people you shouldn't be waking up too <<< just leave me alone please 😔 
don't worry if i argue with you , worry when i stop because that means there's nothing left to fight for . 😔 
i miss you so much 😭 😔 💔 😢 #depressed 
smile . because you’re beautiful . laugh . because your living life to the fullest . stand strong . because haters can't bring you down . 😔 
woke up this morning thinking it was thanksgiving ... such a let down :( 
gonna apologize noww for my terrible mood and appearance today #sorry 👊 😭 
USERNAME wtf dude i hate my phone so much ughh i can't watch you guys . :( 
the older i get , the more i realize what really matters in life . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i got kicked out of that show :( 
USERNAME i miss it too 😞 #lclivin #bikenight #kev #seniorhousingchants 🇺🇸 💙 
USERNAME what ! ? oh no ! :( :( im so sorry rose . i loved me some duke . best sleep over buddy and back of knee licker ever . 
USERNAME i know i am terrible , i know . 😔 
wish my boyfriend was like 15 years older and took me to school every morning 😥 #jk #youreacreep #whodoigotoschoolwith 
i have never felt so alone like this in my life before . #depressed 😔 😭 😢 💔 
my poor mom has been through so much , i wish i could just take all her pain away ! :( 
USERNAME okaay good ! ! ! and yeah we basically have awesome minds .... or we're both just in a pridicament :( << #wordoftheday 
i got home from the movies less than 4 hours ago and now i'm off to school 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
don't cry because someone left you , smile because they just gave you a chance to find someone better . 😔 
i do not wanna be up this early . :( 
i like you , okay . i know it's stupid and i know you don't care . 😔 
i think i'm entering the depression phase of grief . for the first time in my adult life , i am ashamed of my country . :( 
it may be friday but i have a bad feeling about today .. #fml 
so much i have to say to you but i can't find the right words . 😔 
i have never been in this much pain before .. what is going on 😣 
need new yoga pants , need to go shopping . :( 
hatee that i'm awake right now , side note: my semi finals was cancelled :( 
leaving my son in the morning is always the hardest part if my day :'( 
you're a fucking dick to cheat ! low life mother fucker ! for gods sake , my sister ! mother fucking twat munch ! > :( 
USERNAME i am one of those ameridose employees . :( 
yeah i def have a fever 😭 😷 but i need to run this race tomorrow soo no telling my parents 
it's ducking 35 degrees outside and it's cold as shit in the house cause i left the air conditioner on #fml i'm cold as shit ❄⛄ 
#i #look #so #awkward #in #the #morning . :( #lol . #goodmorning #instagram #and #twitter @ my fluffy bed c: URL 
going to school looking like a mess >> i hate getting ready 💤 😣 
inlove man mi'ng duha . ako , niya . siya , sa lain . </3 
i would be the one that forgets their usb the day a project has to be presented 😠 😢 
waking up and your room is super cold << 😣 
n i just cnt get bck to sleep either 😔 😪 
it should be illegal to be up this early 😞 
my hair looks like i just got out of a jungle , but you know , it's the new style so fuck it . ✌ #trendsetter #jk #fml 
USERNAME i'm home cause of my heart problem :( but i have to come back to get my stuff ! ! i will see you then ! ! 
i'm still kinda mad from about something from last night :( it's going to be on my mind all day :( 
im not a bad person .. </3 i did my very best 
just seen grandmas video again & teared up like crazy i miss her i'm just happy i had a chance to be closer with her than ever before <3 :'( 
work at 7am for 3 days in a row is not helping me get better #sosick #ijustneedsleep 😞 😷😴 
nigga cut the fan off last night and had me sweating like a hebrew slave ! 😔 😔 😔 😞 😞 😞 😓 😓 😓 😤😤😤 
off to school </3 .. not guna be the same 
my hair is such a hassle to do ! 😞 
ugh mornings 😿 🐱 @ mi casa ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! URL 
i wish someone was here to see this with me # :( #clouds #sky @ 707 gladstone URL 
USERNAME tried to hit a high note and she sound like a dying cat , serious . 😿 😾 
love it ! rt USERNAME damn i forgot that ufc starts at 8 am saturday 😔 
can't wait to see my little peanut tonight . it's been a long 3 days . :( 
USERNAME hoee , do you think you could drive me to school :( 
i just wanna lay at home on the couch in front of the fireplace all day 😔 
working on my #tsam #woogie cos play , i finally got a pimple on my eyelid . #fml #omgwtfbbq 
i have nothing to look forward to today ... #bummer 😔 
my mood right now <<< 😑 😢 😭 👊😩😤 😭 
USERNAME thought you were done calling me that :( meanie 
USERNAME 😔 i really wanted him to be here if it wasn't for him i really wouldn't be in band today 
i should win an award . i lost my id for real twice in one day . here goes another 15 dollars . :( 
my work already has me burnt out on christmas music & it isn't even thanksgiving yet 😔 
i still like you , i'm just tired of trying . 😔 
he said i can keep my money all he want for xmas is his daddy bak :'( broke me down 
USERNAME dani i just woke up ! ! ! ! ! :( omg 
i am completely convinced that this is what death feels like ..... annd 10 hour shift , go ! #fml #yikes #ugh #dying 
USERNAME USERNAME not sure . last i asked he hadnt :( 
USERNAME truee but i'm still working on my essay which i don't want to do . and i jut want to sleep . :( 
i'm done trying to get your attention , if you want me , come find me . 😔 
i have has the past 4 days off . getting up to work today is so hard . :( 
USERNAME new york damn i hope you okay out their :( & chicago 
wow . my cat just woke me just so i can pet him . #spoiled 😾 👑 😕 
andy's sick 😞 i better fucking not be next ! ! ! ! 😖 😖 
i think i'm afraid of being happy because everytime i'm happy , something bad always happens . 😔 
starting out with a fuck you for the day because of registration . not a happy camper 😡 😭 😫👎👎👎👎 #maristyousuck 
USERNAME yeahh :( my cute lil chubby ol cheeks :( your in this video too 
be careful who you trust & share your problems with . 😔 
USERNAME i'd rather be in school fine , then home feeling like this :c 
the best relationships are the ones you don’t expect to be in , the ones you never saw coming . 😔 
USERNAME 😧 😧 😧 😧 😧 ex-fucking-scuse me ! ! ! ! 👿 i should be saying that to you 
i just freaked out bc i smelled something burning & i thought it was my clothes in the dryer . nope , just the heat coming on 😔 😑 👎 #ineedtorelax 
hala dili gyapon gaundang ang footsteps :( ( walay tao sa pikas and palong . naaoohh -_- sh*t 
USERNAME yeahh , why haven't i seen you in 100 years ? 😿 
USERNAME thank you ! i love and miss you to ! :( 
i used to hate the cold ... i still do . 😣 
i've missed my dad's birthday , my sister's birthday , now my mom's birthday due to friday night football games :( 
oh john mayer you are so on today . #np dreaming with a broken heart 💔 
are you kidding me ... please be kidding .. 😔 😠 😠 
that was unexpected . thought this was going to be friendly . :( 
when you wake up in the middle of the night all excited when you get a snapchat from USERNAME it's just USERNAME 😞 
soo yeahh . smh tengo nausea eta mañana but no puedo bomitar :( . #sickpplproblems 
today could be the day all my plans are ruined #fml #fucksj 
ima jst sleep an hour then go to work 😢 
these nightmares every night need to end 🌙 😣 #wah 
i hate when ryder's asleep when i leave friday mornings and i don't get to see him all day 😔 
i will be a party pooper tonight and will be the first one asleep just because this week has been so exhausting 😞 💤 
USERNAME i have to clean like a bitch so people can come over tonight an tomorrow ! fml will you help me :( when you come ! 
USERNAME december 1st were going to the gym ! i need to save up more money ): 
if brittany seriously makes her a twitter , i will really be dead . #fml 
forcing myself to eat on days i have weightlifting 😔 
USERNAME unfortunately the warm weather is gonna suck for opening modern gun season for deer hunters :-( 
gotta work tonight , </3 less time i can be spending with my 2nd family ! 
falling for u was the biggest mistake i could of ever made :( 
gm . not in the mood . i'm tire d; annoyed && cold so i dare somebody to come at my head wrong . ! ! just saying it's sloww . :( 
ugh ... :-( i wanna go back to sleep ... why give a test when you know that no one is going to show up . 
goodmorning morris knolls ! 😐 😩 😢 #thissucks #whatisschool #ohboy 
should of listen to her :-( when i had the chsnce noe she gone im mad at myself done with twitter abd facebook so bye everyone ! 
USERNAME so why don't you ever text me anymore ? :( 
USERNAME take a breather , don't hurt yourself either . 😣 
stressed out of my mind cuz he didn't call me last night to ask what was wrong then i got over it .. this morning .. no call ! ? :'( 
USERNAME and i am jealous you are going to mexico . i will be spending my weekend at work and taking four tests for school . 😞 
USERNAME because i want to talk to you or tag you in something there but i can't 😩 😔 😭 
i don't think my cramps have been this bad in a while 😭 
it is 36 degrees this morning ! ! ! i'm freakin freezing ! ! brr :( 
lmao i swear if i have b lunch today its going to suuck :( 
on some other ish this morning ... hate waking up in my feelings :( 
getting up early is a hard job ... i don't want to ... but i have to 😢 
USERNAME nicky . <3 sames ... ): come visit me . #missyou . 
not going to school again , which means i'm not doing anything this weekend . 😥 sad life 
so cold :( want to stay under my bed covers all day .. 
damn i cant even wear my assassin's creed belt buckle . only reason i was wearin .... :-( 
i hate taylor swift .. but i can't stop listening to her new cd .. 😣 
that moment when you think you're going to be early and then the highway is a parking lot . #fml URL 
yet again .. yelling and fighting at 7am . :( 
USERNAME me too :( i think i'm gonna cry ! 
i'd be more pumped that today was friday and i was leaving for disney after work if i didn't have to ask my boss for 2 days off :[ :[ #fb 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yeah but iss :( .& do . is jacob . 
i've lost the ability to sleep in 😥 😰 😭 
USERNAME me either :( although nick said it wasn't fun because people would kill players going for merasmus lol 
USERNAME it was great .. didn't have enough time to enjoy as i was working :( 
thank god i only have two classes today . #hungover #wtf 😔 
its out last home game of the season and senior night 😔 😥 👎USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
literally cannot handle this . #breakdown #depressed #alone #toomuch 😭 😢 😔 
if i was happy with the way i looked i'd be the happiest girl on earth i swear 😔 😢 
aww i have a sick baby :( no fun ! 
USERNAME i'm sorry babe 😞 . i hope u find peace soon tho . i hate to see u in pain . 
thank god i'm done at 11. nap then appointment and then nap . debating staying here tonight .. 😣 😒 
seriously sprayed way to much perfume on ... im like a walking perfume bottle #fml 
USERNAME i wish it was as easy for my daddy to be able to move so he could go :( 
hearing my mommy and gma tell me they are proud of me is priceless ! i have strived so hard to make them proud ! thank u god 4 a 2nd chance ! 😭 
k my mom wakes me up to go to court with her and then im like okay let me take a shower and shes like no blah blah like wtf -_- :( now im 
i hate t swift but this song is totally relating to me right now 😔 
USERNAME i'm soo friggen sore today . don't ven wanna get out of bed :( 
tonight your memory burns like a fire .. with every one it grows higher &higher ... i can't get over it , i can't just put out this love </3 
i hate how victoria secret stopped making short yoga pants because the one pair i have is ripping and the normal ones don't fit right 😭 
i'm having a very hard time convincing myself to get out of bed this morning .... :( 
USERNAME i dm’d you my number , you never used :( 
its 6:15 & i cnt go bck to sleep . #fml 
in still hella drunk nd everyone is asleep :( (((( 
now quit accusing me off txt i have a phone that talks to me great ! ! ! no not rlly ): #paranormal phone .... :/ 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME magagalit si ate angel pag pinaglinis natin si con :( hahaha ! 
i use to be a morning baby what happen :( 
i haven't seen USERNAME in at least 5 months . longest we've been apart ! 😳 😭 💔 
yeah i can see now its gonna be a long day 😔 
looking for a house to rent 2 bedrooms $600 or 4 for $1200 or less . need asap for december 1st :( URL 
USERNAME thank you ! i did ! i don't want to leaave :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i can't find my super high heels 😭 😭 😭 😭 
school hasn't even started yet and my curls have already fallen out :( 
USERNAME USERNAME can i just enroll in spanish 3 right now ? i miss that class so much :( (( sorry for butting in on this convo 
i really need to stop working at 8 in the morning ... 😞 
USERNAME awe :( probably because you blocked her on twitter ! ! haha :( 
really wanted to see madison volleyball go to states . 😔 
USERNAME it's going to be awful i work until 5 then after work gotta drive to knoxville which is 3 1/2 hours 😔 😰 
why have i been waking up so early ? it's really not helping how sick i'm getting . 😢 
i missed my chance to talk to austin last night #sadtweet 
i thought it was the weekend when i first woke up this morning .. ): waahh 
i really think we should just be friends tho . i don't know how long this relationship thing is gonna last . not that long i bet . 😔 
work this morning… :( don’t feel up to it at all .. #gottamakemoney 
USERNAME i hope i can ! i can't waist a friday night :( lol il proly feel better by tonight 
can i come live with you ? lol ! high in 30's here :-( 
USERNAME i have a list of foods , and what not . it is crazy that i keep having to cut back on what i can eat :( boo ! necessary though . ;d 
me saying doesn't mean i like broccoli . people who don't get that have political views . :( 
blech , of course my body would pick today to feel awful #needtogobacktobed 😷 😞 💊 
morning my stomach is doing shows this morning 😧 😁 😳 😰 
people wanna see you doing well , but not better than them . 😔 
when my phone vibrates and it's not you , it just sucks . 😔 
i could've easily slept a lot longer this morning . 😴 😞 
USERNAME definitely traffic south bound 83 #falsereport 😞 atleast it's #friday 
USERNAME boo :( i am…too bad though . sounds like fun . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME it's simply sad many #americans don't believe that we (the us) are the biggest terrorists in the world . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME wasn't all america once south and north ? spain entered sa firs t.t he people were called negro ? 
i love driving this car but its not mine .. i miss kenzie :( but i know she is in a better place now .. and chloe will make a great car ❤ 
USERNAME 😢 it's nature trynna get at us cause we have such amazing hair lol . 
still sad i have to say bye to my little sister USERNAME though 💔 😪 
and no one is up who will text me :( 
my mom is spending her 85th birthday in the hospital responding to little . i wish i could do something ! happy bday mom . i love you ! :'( 
tw . i . t.t . e . r . = this wonderful internet thing that'll eventually ruin your life . 
it is torture getting out of your warm bed when it's cold in the room .... i just want sleep :( 
damn imma try to bus t.t his project out after school so i can see my girl .. i sweae its been like a week ! ! ! 
#mentionsomeoneyouregladyoumet USERNAME even though she don't like my tweets 😭 
had a dream that rosie got into a car accident :( 
USERNAME that is the saddest tweet i've ever read ! 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm bouta go in to work all day 😥 
not excited at all about this 630-3 shift . 😔 🔫 #ridiculous 
well , i know how today's gonna turn out . #terrible i already see it . :'( #fml 
i been up all day haven't went to sleep 😔 
but mom , ill even give you money if you let me stay home from school today :( 
can't breathe , can't talk , keep coughing . omg :( 
USERNAME i love and miss you too :( :( xoxox 
acne itself is bad enough , but why do some bumps have to feel like its driving a knife through my face . 🔪 😣 
timed writing today ... 😔 😁 bring it on ! 
USERNAME thanks for texting me back last night ... 💔 
don't like holdn grudges but some bitches n muthafukas 😾 
how dry is this hotel ? i've got nosebleeds this morning . :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i did and nothing happened .. :( 
i hope that andrew is okay , i can't quit thinking about him . #text me # </3 
i fucking miss driving my car :( its just been sitting in my garage for 3 weeks 
the fact my mom is going on a ten day caribbean cruise with out me today 😭 😭 #jealous 
can't decide what to wear to work 😔 so i brought 4 outfits 
think i lost my bestfriends unless this is just temporary ? ... 😳 😥 😣 
thank you jesus our lights came back on last night because that was to long 5hr 😣 
the past couple nights i've been having terrible dreams :( #whythough 
woke up screaming my fuckin head off ! ! what's wrong with my tummy 😖 😞 
so instead of taking my road test today , im going to the foot doctor 😢 #fml #thissucks 
nothing like waking up with a sore throat . :( #damn 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sorta kinda lol 😔 😴morning ! ' 
it's been so long since i did a 8 am shift :( 
i just wanted to sleep today and not come into work :( 
i feel so bad .... #oomf i'm sorry .. :'( 
having to wait 30 minutes to eat #fml #ugh #hungry 
that message took 5 minutes to type . you better respond :( 
USERNAME ahay ! :( :( :( whyy ? :( ( 
looking forward to next week xfactor show . nice job this week (*~* ): :xx 
had best dream last night taylor swift was hit by a bus . woke up this morning still alive . :( 
en momentos como este es mas cuando yo nesecito a mi mami conmigo :'( 
i would much more appreciate an hour late start than an hour early dismissal :( 
USERNAME why did you guys do the twitcam for everyone but s . america and n . america ? we never get twitcams :( 
USERNAME happy birthday beautiful . i cannot wait to see you . i love you . :( 
#education #jobs graduate medical education (gme ): hematopathology - national institutes of health - bethesda , md URL 
#education #jobs graduate medical education (gme ): hematopathology - national institutes of health - bethesda , md URL 
#education #jobs graduation medical education (gme ): neuroimaging - national institutes of health - bethesda , md URL 
#education #jobs graduation medical education (gme ): neuroimaging - national institutes of health - bethesda , md URL 
what's the point in making an appointment if they're just gonna have you sit in a small room for over a half hour #fml #fuckappointments 
can't do shit this weekend , kinda upset 😒 😔 
it sucks to know that i won't be getting out early any more , i'm gonna miss it </3 but i really wanted to do that art class , so i'm happy . 
last night was too much for my liddoh heart to handle :( . my babies better be feeling better today :( 
USERNAME pagdasal mo na magmeet tau sa trinoma ! :'( 
USERNAME pisseedd you was dowm here , yesterday & aint hit me up ): 
first time kong di makapunta sa concert sa school since nung grade 6 ako aww :-( huhu katamad kasi and pagod , lol 
USERNAME aww ! :( how is it like to be home schooled ? 
i went to sleep at 4 & now i have to go to school while my boy gets to sleep all day 😒 😔 
i wish i had a little brother or sister 😞 
USERNAME stupid :( well over your breaks and stuff i can 
ugh i don't wanna go to the dentist ........... #sadtweet #toothinfectionssuckdick 
i really need to clean myself up 😖 #ugly #fml 
i really don't want to go to school but i have my finally essay due today :( the teacher said she won't except it if it's late ! :| 
my phone is not going to last on 70% :( 
i need to go to sleep i been up all night 💔 
USERNAME kaya nga eh ! mejo kauwi ko lang e . :( 
had a weird dream 😞 . good morning everyone . 
idk what i'm gonna do without my cats at college next war 😿 
waking up with a knot in my stomach ... i guess it's one of those days again . 😞 
really don't feel like going to work :( ( having gone in like 2 weeks and we r fucking jack hammering today ? ! ? ! f this ! 😩😤🔫 
here in market to market just thinking about this past summer when my daughter came here and we at the same exact spot i'm at now . 😔 
USERNAME aww wish i was there :( love shopping with you ! <3 send me pics of what you get or if u see anything u think i shld get too 
USERNAME don't stop dancing bringing back memories of the sf fon tour . it was rhe best . 😭 still my fave dj . 
USERNAME i miss you more ! :( (((((( i want to share locker with you agaiin and just throw everything inside ! :( 
when you don't know how to fight for what you want . because what you want may not be what someone else wants . :'( 
the fact that me and USERNAME are crying over kay's baby picture 😢 😢 😢 😢 she's growing up way to fast ! 
USERNAME USERNAME the money was gonna be for you 😧 
well of course ! i only exist for you when you need something . 😔 
i really hope to see you tonight .. i havent seen you in like the whole week and its getting me :( 
be my friend , you can count on me . be my enemy , you can count your days . 😔 
quero ir embora pro brasil 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME 😞 haven't been to the mail room , i'm gonna check today 
it feels like yesterday we were on senior trip in nyc and now it's 2013's turn . time seriously flys 😔 #sad #wannagoback #thegooddays 
i think about you everyday the memories we had in the sirc & madison memories . just can't believe u gone , but we a meet again USERNAME :'( 
please please please let fiona get fixed today . 😭 🚗 #fingerscrossed 
my life every other morning 😔 @ millis gym URL 
new york city . burnout in #breezypoint , queens , li . aftermath of #sandy + noreaster . no shelter to be found . omg :-( ( URL 
USERNAME aww i know ! so not cool . :( 
i didn't get to talk to my babe this morning ! :'( 
oh no . ): the episode where rachel chokes . 😭 😩 URL 
USERNAME noo ): your my only friend lol you can't leave me 
USERNAME turn around and bring me my bubby back :( 
i wish we still had a game tonight .. 😢 
i should've never checked the nutritional facts on the new starbucks creme brûlée latte . #notgoingtohappen 😔 
munchkin is still sleeping and i been wide awake since 6 ! :( 
r . i . p donnell && shawnie #dailytweet 👼 😢 💔 🌹🙏🙌 
USERNAME 😔 😔 . damn . i feel your pain . well no i don't cause i don't have no class ! lol 
USERNAME aww i'm sorry 😢 hope your day gets better ! ! ! ! ! 
man i overslept and just on my way to work ! i am normally sitting at my desk by now ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i honestly can not wait for summer . like can the earth please orbit faster ? #toofaraway 😭 💔 ☀ 
the fact that i'm still having pain like this is scaring me so much 😔 
if i dont get a puppy for christmas imma be sad :( 
forgot my headphones so i can't even get in the zone before school 😣 
i could really use a massage right now 😞 #mikeygarcia #sadtweet 
gm peeps , i woke up thinking about work , on a friday # :-( have a good one 
USERNAME yeah dude , my best friend bailed on me :'( 
busy day ! i'm too pregnant for this shit ! i just wanna sleep 😞 💤💤 
omg omg ! ! ! i totally forgot yesterday was my favorite little brother birthday & my stepdads :( :( :( fucckk sorry tre tre happy bday <3 
USERNAME daamn it's 54 out here . lucky i love the cold :( 
i wish my boyfriend didn't have to work though ! :( 
USERNAME aww ... after they releases a game on your birthday too :c i guess college has been keeping you too busy 
one out of my 5 boyfriend filled days is over . it's going by way too fast :( 
i'm gonna be so lost without dono today :( #boyfriend #imissyou 😥 
:( cant believe i have to go thru this again .... what did i do in my past lifetime 
that moment when i realize that i lost my jump drive with all my homework ahh ! getting slowly angry #fml _ twice 
i'm wide awake but i still can't make myself get out of bed ... #mornings 😔 🔫 
USERNAME :( i'm just like david tennant come heal me with your hotness 
USERNAME tried to follow the link but i get an message . :( 
USERNAME its over ive been released from my duties as c . a . :( next stop unemployment office 
USERNAME lucky girl , i'm here until like 6. :( 
i don't even get up this early for class but i have too for work today :( i'm beyond tired . 
USERNAME nope , started at dreamgirls and worked our way up to q ! i know i miss it too and watching our past videos makes it worst ! 😔 
USERNAME especially when you are all warm and comfy 😢 
all i want to do is sleep . 😔 #needmorecoffee #work #cold 
being lactose intolerant sucks ! ! all i want is some cereal and i don't have the right kinda milk :( #suckstosuck 
i wish it was possibly not to have friday classes but of course my schedule won't allow it for next semester either 😔 😭 
i should get outta bed . so tired thoughh :( 
wide awake since 5 :( my dad decides to come turn my freakin light on #whyfabiowhy 
good morning world . woke up and obama is still president :( oh well . i guess we will be ok ... 
USERNAME i know , but i really wanted to get my yearbook today too but no , you all had to be gone out of the school so i cant :( 
omg so tired and i have a quiz but i didn't study why me . #fml 
USERNAME gani ! :( kag sang intrams nga naga pa picture ta ya instead mag cheer ! :'( 
#nowplaying nothing cause i have to be in school .... :'( 
USERNAME so i woke up today with a huge bump on my head from hitting it on your elbow on bars #bitchpuuhlease #kidding but ouch 😭 
trying to keep my head up this morning , but i'm having a hard time . :( #sad 
i disrespected her by calling her a bitch .. i felt horrible .. won't do it again :( 
damn , we just found out that my aunt michelle diedd this morning :'( < 
tonight is our last high school football game ever guys 😭 #sad #wenttofast 
home sick for two days ! i miss my naughty kindergarteners :( doctor again today #yuck 
tired af ! ! ! ! thinking about #him 😟 😞 😔 
when your best friend USERNAME doesn't wish you a happy birthday :( 
wish i was going to #groovy 's this weekend ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME my potential challengers couldn't make this round . :( starting #turbofire next tho . 3 ladies are fired up ! thx 4 ckg ! 
USERNAME i'm gonna take a guess and say y'all are having one of those days at dgf today ! missin those days 😔 #dodds 
well looks like i'll be cleaning the dirt off that broad head :( #missing < 
rest easy napoleon , you were a great fishy 🐠 💔 
USERNAME ako din ! :( tas sabay pinatunog ko ung #homebyphillipphillips x(( 
USERNAME heey ! akon ya wala ga send sa chat :( 
i wish i could be cool enough to tuck my jeans into my boots 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME i've been working :( i'm hoping to get on this weekend . 
i woke up for 6 am workouts but i fell back to sleep :( that's sadd .. 
bagels in the room and i can't eat any :( #muchieswithanattitude 
wait ... the cute snack bar lady is retiring 😭 😩 
USERNAME i can't ! :( i have to go to the doctor then go to school . for my babe sister . me soosoo sorry ! 
fuck , how many more days till' graduation ? ? 😞 
i like good morning texts , but i never get them 😞 
have a great day at work today babe ! ! ! ! i'm sorry you forgot your lunch :( USERNAME 
i was hoping my lecture teacher wasn't going to be here again . dream crushed as soon as i pulled in the parking lot and saw him 😔 
you know i hate homework , why give it to me ? :-( 
i'd love to stay home today .. not feelin too great 😔 😕 💀💊💤 
USERNAME lol popsicles are delicious but physically being a popsicle doesn't appeal to me i hatee being cold :( 
i need USERNAME in my life i desperately miss her ): 
my baby leavin me for three whole days .... i miss him already idk what ima do with my self :( 
yo solo pido encontrar un trabajo como el de USERNAME :( ((( 
USERNAME eww but thanks for texting me back this morning :( 
USERNAME i was reading the book and i bumped into a newspaper stand box thing :( 
USERNAME sucks .... u at least have some what of an option . lol i got class in an hr .. :( 
my nose is so runny :( my nose hurts . 
USERNAME lmfao , do it . give him a big roar . 😾 
i am so upset ! my USERNAME app is all kinds if screwy and i can't watch kidd tv ! and my i heart radio app says it won't connect ! :( 
gaah never shave in a hurry :( you cut yourself and it hurts like a fudgecurveredholyflyinf**knutsbatman 
so i was soo fucked up lastnite lost my phone :( fucck going to . sleep 
que rápido socorro a minha é só em dezembro , pq :( 
had a dream about clowns woke up hella scared 😠 😥 
my doctor gave me medicine that makes me feel nauseous and dizzy :( 
went to bed last night thinking it was friday ... 😔 
i am very frustrated ! ! ! i try to do the right thing , but all i get is compared to people who did you wrong :( :( 
why is there a meeting at 8 am and we just got off 😣 
i got so mad last night i don't even remember saying the things i said . let my stress get the best of me 😞 
reading USERNAME book & it has this gem (which i live by daily ): #amen 
for the last 6 months i've been 2 weeks early paying my bills . love being responsible but i haz no life 😣 . #thelife 
oh me ... country strong gets me everytime 😢 😢 
web to bed at 12:45 woke up at 6:50 and managed to straighten my hair ? that's when you know 😣 
no blue and white night for me :( ((( #damnshame 
i don't wanna open this morning :( at least i will get out earlier . 
USERNAME oh no :( no best friend time ! ! ! ! 
i'm sorry for all the bullshit . 😔 i just wish you could believe that 
getting my license renewed . 8 people already in line before 7am :( 
randomly waking up in the morning because your chest hurts .......... 😔 
USERNAME i voted for you so many times . sad to see you go home last night :( keep dreaming , you will make it ! you are a star ! ! 
why are you making me go to lowes with you this early 😔 🔫 
USERNAME see also: being woken up by your dog an hour before :( 
my throat is fucked up . but i can't be asking to be excused from classes so i gotta troop this jawn out ! 😔 
woke up feeling feeling okay then realized there's nothing in life to feel okay about currently 😔 #imnotimportant 
i need janae :( hope she come here after school 
that really depressing moment when your dinosaur oatmeal only had one dinosaur ! 😨 #sadtweet #ripoff 
to make matters worse my wonderful computer completely broke down on me this morning while i was trying to register for classes 😡 😢 😤 
i was feeling good about us lasting the 3 months while you're gone , but now i know you'll forget about me the second you leave . #sadtweet 
babies still hate me to this day . 😔 URL 
i forgot my earrings and ring :( i feel so naked 
i love you USERNAME ur in my city tomorrow and i would give anything to see you :( i tried so hard to get tickets :( i love you a&f 
too tired today shouldn't have stayed up so late last night ! 😔 
dear mother nature , i hate you with a fiery passion 😤😫 😭 
deberian de poner alerta roja no esta lloviendo pero no quiero ir a clases #fml 
it would be my luck to get sick a day before my brothers wedding 😔 #feelawful 
USERNAME for some reason it wouldn't let me sign up for but i sent in a request to override form :( 
USERNAME i have a temperature and my throat and my head are killing me aannd i have the chills :'( 
all i want is to go under a rock 😥 
when you see you wish you could unsee .. 😣 
USERNAME i was sleepy after work 😞 always another day 
my bday will be no fun without her :( . i wish she cud of have let me helped her . 
USERNAME tuesday your off ? i go back wednesday . i'm car less . :( trans went out on me 
they shoulda made the maps schedule us cause i do not remember how to at all from those meetings #someonehelp 😳 😭 
this long as walk from the office to building 4 :( 
USERNAME tone steiny with the cadillacs at biscuits and blues (november 20, 2012 ): san francisco , ca , us URL 
its only 7 and ive been at work for three hours already . 5 more to go . #fml 
mas se eu for com 1 vestido de coiso na perna como irei dançar dps ? ? ? ? ? ! ? ! ! ? q lixo :( ( 
aww 😷 stay away from amari👦 he'll be sickly too 👶😷 ! ! ima be like kristina 😾 😾 
USERNAME no i had the cross country banquet :( . but i will watch it tomorrow 
ugghh i'm guarenteed dr . dog tickets next saturday but i don't have a ride ! i'll pay for gas if someone loves me enough to drive :( 
•we are never ever ever getting back together ! </3 
&& all my other wittle boys are growning up on me 😭 😭 😭 
i just love the feeling of my wisdom teeth coming in .... 😣 😫 😖 
i'm going to be so early ! ! ! ! ! i do not like being early because my ex is there :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME he never gave her a tip 😔 
super sluggish this morning .. not starting the day out well . 😣 
todays gonna be a long day runing on 2hrs of sleep and i have rehersal and iron man #fml 
i guess i'll stop being lazy and go to the gym :'( #mylife 
your worth waiting on but damn i'm tired of waiting when u can have a girl but i can't have anyone :( idk man 
the only thing getting me out of bed to go babysit is that i'm getting dunkin 😔 
USERNAME next time call me , i'll drive over and at least hold a flashlight , if not help fix things :( 
don't want to leave my room . might have to see a murdered mouse :( 
i hate when i'm at home & everyone is at school 😢 
it was supposed to be a birthday present but my mom can't take me . i'm so bummed , they're my favorite band ever :( 
was supposed to be taking my drug test but i lost the damn keys . well that's what USERNAME says 😔 😔 😔 
this will be the last time i will see you :( 
just wanna be back in new york :'( :'( :'( come back to me new york bby luvs ... 
i got my ass beat in gym today by a volleyball . #fuckmylife #myfacehurts 
our generation flirts by liking pics on instagram ... 😞 
USERNAME awh sorry to hear that ! ! ! that's no fun :-( 
USERNAME guess that's fair since we can't have pinterest sessions together anymore :( #missyouroomie 
USERNAME i feel bad . i just got a new case& everything . 😔 
holy shit ! my fave book hits theaters in 2013. rt USERNAME USERNAME world war z - official trailer (hd ): URL 
i can't believe today is mrs . burch last day . 😥 😔 #favteacher #missher 
morning workouts put me in an amazing mood but when the endorphins wear off its back to 😑 😴 😞 ... #thestruggle 
USERNAME : yea str8 like dat ;) bucket head ass hoe :( URL 
the fact that there is no football game to go to tonight highly depresses me . #sadtweet 
you know someone means a lot to you when their mood affects yours . 😔 
finally changing my number to an ottawa number :( this is going to be a sad sad day :( 
USERNAME USERNAME kung kelan pasukan ko na ? :( haha ! kelan ? tues friday lng ako pwede . 
new england's today . one last time with the team . 😞 😭 😖 
trust gets you killed , love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated . 😔 
USERNAME aww lol i miss you too ! ! :'( 
i'm forced to stay home today bcuz since i got in an accident last night my car died :( 
lthe sad thing is , i actually thought you were different . 😔 
my check next pay period ain't gon be shitt . ! ! 😁 😒 😔 
USERNAME ty , joyce , god bless , and i pray they find her soon , safe , :( 
USERNAME oh no ! :( well if you put in any apps to children's just let me know and ill put in a good word for you ! 
USERNAME im sorry ): you have my number feel free to text me if you want to . 
forgot all of my curl hair products at home :( guess i have to tough this straight hair out for a bit longer 
i couldn't find my favorite eyeliner today ! :c #cholaprobz lol jk 
rip uncle tony :'( (( you were such a good person ! you are with god now and knowing that gives me peace 
sad i don't get anymore good morning text or calls :/ #sad #depressing #foreveralone 
USERNAME happy friday yo u too ! ! i miss u more ... te extrano tanto q anoche soñé contigo ! ! :( 
honestly i'm probably going to fall asleep on my way to work ... :( help 
waiting for my new lumia 920 wp8 ..... but its been a long wait :( 
i hate being sick ! i can't enjoy this lovely weather 😣 
it's a drake and the weekend kinda day but my ipod is dying and my phone doesn't have all the tracks :( 
ughh i have to clean and i don't like it 😔 
absolutely do not want kyler to go to work . what will i do all day :( 
it's hard to lose weight when you like to eat good food and drink beer :( 
i wanna audition for the great american trailer park ... but it's a musical 😭 #whycantising #waahh 
i miss myy babyy soo much i can't doo thiss shit <<< :( 
so tired ! migraine gone but it didn't let me sleep at all . plus , i want to go see skyfall tonight :( 
i still feel like shit , yet i still have so much to do today :( 
being this cold here is not ok ! #ilikewarmweather #depressing URL 
USERNAME ako . bog da trebo bi danas kasno , cekam srbo da mi cupa ... :-( 
alarm just went off 10 min ago and i feel like i just went to bed 😭 
USERNAME yess ! ! i miss you so much ! ! ! 💔 i need to see you ! call me later 😁 
i reaally reallyy want my grits and corn beef hash today . 😔 
my mom won't let me upstairs until brooke gets here at 12 cause i accidentally took 2 pain meds 😔 #stupidshannie 
and ugly people still don't get a shalla .... :'( ((( 
shit i didn't do the project for ms . wells ! ! 😞 🔫 
gettin ur hopes all built up just to be let down 😔 
wow did i really sleep with both doors unlocked ? ! 😧 
USERNAME you could be partying at college with me :( 
USERNAME brian - thank you for speaking so strongly about the difference of press for katrina vs sandy - obama as usual blameless :( 
forgot to do my homework for the day again 😢 
USERNAME hey ! ! i'm on it :( also , fb is working just fine , it's just you 
getting up is miserable ! i don't wanna leave my warm bed :( 
USERNAME wah i'm sorry :( i miss not being able to cuddle with you by the fire lol 
waking up with a massive headache is not my idea on a good friday morning :( #backtobed 
sitting in a seminar from 8 to 4 does not make for a happy friday . #help 😣 
USERNAME it did not want to get cooked . poor little chicky :( 
what happened to the days when USERNAME always answered my phone calls and texts :( #toocool 
why am i up this early ? ? ? 💤 😞 
after this weekend , i work 12 days in a row :( 
USERNAME noo 😭 now i can't be in constant contact with my best friend ! 
i miss my card playing friends . 😭 😭 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i hate when i wake up early then can't go back to sleep 😢 😴 😔 
USERNAME ): i thought it would have atleast got a chuckle ): 
got damn lost my card at lounge yesterday i'm so upset now no source of money i'm broke till my new card comes on :( 
USERNAME lmfao he said that we start at 8, we failing that test 😔 😔 😔 
i studied for four hours yesterday and i still don't feel like i know it . #eff #biologyprobs 😔 
the fact that my chapstick is somewhere in USERNAME floor :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME this breaks my heart 💔 love you all ! 
sleeping in your contacts + rubbing your eyes the next morning = contacts fall out and rip . #lastpair #fml 
cannot wait for tomorrow .. just to sleep and hopefully feel better 😔 
i wholehearted agree . mt: USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME heard the news 2day , connie . i was floored . you r irreplaceable up there . :( ” 
donde esta USERNAME ? ? ? :( 3rd is going to be soo lonely ! ! :( 
i wanted to wear sweats today but i don't have any more 😔 
thank god for the shuttle busses from the parking lot to the campus . i'd probably freeze 😔 
USERNAME hey way to ignore me at mcdonald's :( #heartbroke #badday #sadtweet 
baby on the boob since 3:50am :( sorry this is not very bonding . it's frustrating and painful . #breastfeeding #nursing #newmommaprob 
we at school already ! ! ! 😢 #tgif tho 
ugh really don't know how i feel about that test 😔 
it is way to early for me to be awake ! 😞 😴 
USERNAME noo kokito no tengo compu para poder verte :( 
USERNAME sabes lo q s para mi star lejos d ella ? :( 
belle the very first day we got her . 😢 #rip URL 
my least favorite part of the day is dropping you off at daycare :( 
some ppl go too fast .. and it ends up being an accident .. and then someone's life :( all because of speeding ... 
looks @ avi hhmm lol well this is akward 😣 lol 
attn . osu friends , i lost my pink ipod shuffle :( -was at rpac and the USERNAME on tues before it went missing-let me know if you can help ! ! 
4 o'clock needs to come sooner .... USERNAME where are you :( ((( 
101n @ francis drake (mrn ): :novato 12 min petaluma 24 min sears pt 20 min 
101s @ san pedro (mrn ): :hwy 1 12 min gg bridge 16 min berkeley 18 min 
101s @ delong (mrn ): :hwy 580 12 min hwy 1 20 min sears pt 10 min 
24w @ lafayette (cc ): :o akland 12 min sf dwntwn 22 min oak arpt 22 min 
880n @ industrial (ala ): :o ak arpt 12 min oakland 18 min castro vy 9 min 
101s @ sierra pt (sm ): :sfo arpt 6 min rte 92 12 min rte 84 20 min 
nao quero mais uma rec , qro q o bruno sente perto de mim :( ((( 
101n @ hillsdale (sm ): :sfo arpt 10 min sf dwntwn 22 min hayward 16 min 
USERNAME oh really ? dang girl :( i tried to push through but i eventually got tired too ! ! 
17n @ los gatos rd (scl ): :sj arpt 10 min milpitas 16 min mtn view 14 min 
680s @ scott ck (scl ): :sj state 12 min cupertino 21 min s101 / 85 18 min 
24e @ broadway (ala ): :walnut cr 12 min san ramon 25 min concord 20 min 
101s @ chavez (sf ): :sfo arpt 12 min rte 92 18 min daly city 8 min 
80w @ weigh sta (sol ): :c arq brdg 14 min berkeley 28 min concord 20 min 
880s @ fremont bl (ala ): :milpitas 16 min sj arpt 22 min menlo prk 12 min 
92e @ hillsdale (sm ): :sfo arpt 12 min sf dwntwn 22 min menlo prk 12 min 
101n @ 23rd (sf ): :trsr isl 6 min oakland 14 min berkeley 14 min 
80w @ rdwd pky (sol ): :hwy 4 8 min berkeley 20 min concord 18 min 
80w @ 13 / ashby (ala ): :sf dwntwn 10 min sfo arpt 24 min oak arpt 12 min 
80e @ university (ala ): :c arq brdg 14 min fairfield 30 min novato 24 min 
101n @ candlestick (sf ): :sf dwntwn 6 min oakland 16 min berkeley 16 min 
92w @ foster cty bl (sm ): :half moon 16 min sfo arpt 9 min palo alto 15 min 
keep having bad dreams , i've been up all night it feels like . even woke danny up a few times . 😔 😥 
680s @ marina vista (cc ): :c oncord 6 min walnut ck 10 min orinda 18 min 
24w @ shattuck / 55th (ala ): :sf dwntwn 10 min sfo arpt 22 min oak arpt 10 min 
580w @ chetwood (ala ): :sf dwntwn 12 min carq brdg 20 min walnut cr 14 min 
580w @ castro valley (ala ): :hwy 13 12 min hwy 24 18 min sm bridge 12 min 
580w @ hacienda (ala ): :c astro vy 12 min sm bridge 20 min walnut ck 16 min 
USERNAME USERNAME 😞 my brain runs away from me sometimes okay 
i hope i get to go to the football game tonight ! i miss mca yo 😞 😖 😩 
USERNAME USERNAME why didn't i get a biscuit ? #disappointed #youdontloveme 💔 
USERNAME what's wrong with you this morning ? ? ? ? :( 
i'm so tired .... i just poured tea .... in my cereal .... really ? ! 😔 
bentley & belle look almost identical here . 💔 those eyes melt your heart . URL 
USERNAME omg i hope you feel better :( love you ! ! ! 
it's all fun and games till my dog (85lbs female) tries to hump me 😾 👉🐕 
USERNAME no soy hermoso solo q no tiens idea como la amo mishii , ya se m ha hecho una eternidd star sin ella :( yo sentir mal :( 
USERNAME nothing happened though . 😣 i just like taking my pants off when in drunk 
missing my dog who died yesterday morning . 😢 rip roxy 
i hate my english class more than anything . i don't want to go :( 
USERNAME aww i miss you ! 😢 i'll be back at christmas break ! 🎄 we better hang out 😠 
excepting USERNAME any day now to knock at my door ! 😊 meanwhile , everyone who knocks i think it's going to be her 😔 😞 😞 #mybestfriend 
hungover as fuck and wide awake . two things i do not want to be . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME thanks jack . you are really building up my self esteem 😭 😭 😭 
if someone would deliver me some starbucks to work i will love you foreverr #notime 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME this made me so sad ! ! ! ! ! 😩 💔 have a great time back at home this weakened girl ! next time will be even better ! 😊 💞 
blow dryer is dead .... so much for fixing my hair 😞 
perspective by cabana (no it's not a men's fragrance ): the wright flyer flew 120 feet , the length of the space shuttle orbiter . #sv12 
had straight a's now i got one d :( ( 
i'm i'm such a good mood ! ! ! 😭 
why must i wake up at the bed part of my dreams ? 😣 ugh now it's time for reality ..... work . 
reminder: won't back down (g ): today @ 7:00pm URL 
USERNAME i have the flu and i'm still contagious :( 
USERNAME i smoke but sheessh i wouldn't wanna get to know someone by smoking with em that very first time we kick i t.t hats just me tho 
can someone tell me how to upload my profile pic- on an android .... can't get it to work :( 
damn , i wanna go to school so bad .. :( 
its freezing in my room . watch it start to snow in here 😔 ❄⛄❄⛄ 
USERNAME :-( oh ok . i still gotta get up for a soccer game , hopefully its the last one lol 
went to sleep so early , and i'm even tired than usual . 😔 
not feeling my best so bk to sleep i go :-( 
popping pills like its my job . i feel like complete shit ! :( #sickasadog 
love not being able to sleep on days i can sleep in ! #fml 
i think it's better to part ways without words .. </3 
USERNAME smmfh lol the things niggas do for attention :( ! makes the male species look weak ! 
too hard to get up in the cold . summer come back please ! ☀plus i'm losing my tan :( 
USERNAME isaac used to be overprotective of me in high school he didn't let anyone talk to me now he doesn't care :( 
guess i won't be going back to sleep after my drs appt :( #miserable 
fave ever is deep sleep and amazing dream and then waking up to a dog attack licking my face off and pummeling my body :( 
nothing like going to court for a traffic fine to be informed you missed your court date and you have an additional $100 fine . #fml 
the awkward moment when the only person to tell me i'm beautiful is my mom and grandma lmao 😭 
this time last year mac miller's new album just came out and everyone was so excited for this concert #imissthat #blueslidepark 😔 🌳🎧🚲 
USERNAME never sent me a pick of my case 😔 
aw , not gonna see babe for most of the day ): 
omgg never felt this sick before . ughh there goes my friday ! :( 
i have a strong feeling the professor doesn't want to tell me my grade on the test because i failed :( 
on my way to texas ! ! ! already missing my girls though ... 😿 #flight #sky #plane #texas #igdaily #an @ gate c38 URL 
i just want to lie in bed another hour . 😔 ughh , school . #gladitsfriday 
i hope she didn't give me larangitis .. cuzz my throat hurts & my voice sounds horrible #ohnoo #fml 
USERNAME oh my god yes ❤ too bad i have no idea how to get there 💔 
today , i must write a 10 page paper . :( i cannot focus on anything . 
waking up feeling like shit . horrible start to the day 😔 😨 
why does it have to be hot tomorrow ? i already have the cutest outfit picked out 😣 ❄⛄ 
USERNAME i know but i haven't even told him he is my #oomf 💔 😔 👎 
280s @ foothill (scl ): :los gatos 14 min mtn view 8 min sj state 14 min 
senior pep rally today .. i'm gonna cry ! 😢 
8 am's on friday are not my specialty .. 😔 
USERNAME both USERNAME so freaking much , it's so damn cold & wet here today :( 
USERNAME noo :'( it's not available in this country ! what bastards ! i live in the same town as him ... gary .. injustice 
USERNAME i fell asleep , jerk ! ! ! ! 😔 
today is tha day i say goodbye to my grandmother love u old lady ill miss u deeply 💔 💔 💔 💔 😪😪😪 
last night my nigga told me he losing love for me 😔 smh 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME missed a whole week+ ended in the hospital . :( 
noo i swear im not i be busy i forgot 😔 im callin u right afta class ! rt USERNAME i no longer f*** with USERNAME , he is fake . 
ew , these ladies at work all have their trashy tattoos hanging out #putthataway 😣 
so . sick . my bf might not even come and see me now . this is cool . fucking tonsils , quit swelling up . fever , go away . nose , quit running . 😞 😷👎 
USERNAME ill probably die before you talk to me :'( 
noo gm mentions for jae ? :/ / no one loves me </3 
72 bucks gone into my gas tank #depressing at least i have a full tank though . 
i've gotta' eat pronto or ima' frow up . 😞 
need to get up for class ... andd here we go ! ugh ! 😣 😣 😣 
asthma sucks ! i wish i didn't have it 😔 
just walked into a freshman science class thinking i had chem #confused what class do i even have 😣 
the text message i just got though <<<< #sadtweet #missingyou 
USERNAME well until then you're gonna remain anonymous , one thing for sure you a fb friend but i just don't know which 1 not fair :( 
i should not be this stressed on a friday 😣 
hope she ain’t callin me weird tho > :( …see ? i can make angry faces too ! ! 
i wish i had my best friend here .. #sadtweet . 
USERNAME :( i'm sorry tiana . you know you're going when you turn 18 
just realized my bf deleted his twitter 😳 😱 😞 #lame 
USERNAME i tore my acl :( i'm gunna be in hard core drugs for thanksgiving 
USERNAME USERNAME both clubs have a scum element . that is fac t.t here is a tendency though to report rangers ills and ignore celtic's . 
USERNAME since u are close friends with USERNAME can u ask if they are doing any kind of signing after orlando show ? henoanswer :( 
y do guys make u feel like shit :( (( 
horrible day already and it's not even nine 😭 😭 😭 
appt after school . kristen won't be there to hold me hand . ): USERNAME #neednewfriends 
USERNAME bro i miss you too ! ! ! i wish dbu wasn't so far away 😢 lol 
USERNAME see i know u was using me . 😿 😰 😢 
in the mist of all this maybe i am a lil torn ... 💔 .. between you and this 💵💵💵💵💵💵 
craving cheddar rounds .. nashville doesn't have pals .. 😩 😔 
USERNAME im doing the same thing ! i thought there was a curse on me but i solved the mystery . we contaminate each other :( 
not a fan of wearing glasses 👓 today , ugh just want to wear my contacts ! #nerdfortheday #notcool #fml 
now that my moms friends son moved in with me , i can't fart whenever i please . #sadday #notfart 
then the dream ended .. i woke up in bed .. i was bummed :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i wish i was going to qu this weekend 😢 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i hate the girly side of me that you bring out v.v 
my parents didn't wake me up to say bye 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #missyouguys #comeback 
im not ready to get outa bed yet . :( 
even though i'd only see him in the morning , at least i would get to see him . now i don't . 😔 
kind of sad tonight is my last game on the sidelines . i look hot with the mic . #sadtweet #vodkahelps 
USERNAME me too . i'm in class so i have to stay awake all damn daay i have to work 11 days in a row :'( 
aww they announced USERNAME name in the announcements to go see ms russo 😪 😔 come back carol :( 
USERNAME i'm soo sorry drew :( i had all of u in my prayers . she was strong and fought a long battle , cherish ur memories . <3 xoxo 
USERNAME super windy and cold rain in payson :( i want summer back ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME ty for your suggestions , i sent the message to a few celebs , i really hope this ends ok :( 
i need to get job but then ima have to stop playing sports :( ughh decisions , decisions ! 
how is one not supposed to pet a dog when they see one in the hallway 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME :( no starbucks near me ... don't worry using the speaker option not texting and driving 
USERNAME ehh ! ! ! ! (girlyscream) > :( gimme some meow ! ! 
if i could just talk to you once today .. *sighs* 😔 
just had the worst dream ever ! 😩 😢 😱 
man this gon be 3 long days 😖 😩 😢 💔 
new move in from springboro . qb good lookin kid . #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME 😔 i'm sorry hope for a very warm day ! ! ! 
my mommy needs to hurry up and come home ): 
USERNAME yeah ... i'm dreading to go bc i know i failed that midterm :( 
sickk :( but that's not about to ruin my trip to chicago ! 
running on an hour and a half of sleep :( 
USERNAME your fine hahah me and tisha are jammin to your music hahaha . i always forget my headphones :( 
i really want to stay home and watch all of my puppies ): 
if they look big .. i wear a size 10.5 though .. 8.5 looks ugg ... then 10.5, 😢 looks ugg .... err 
USERNAME yeah .... i miss filibusters still ... :-( i havent seen u in foreverr ! ! ! 
dang it i lost one of my earring while i was sleeping 😔 
fuck that , just found out that my girl jana kramer is dating brantley gilbert ... my heart is crushed now 💔 
another dr . appointment . i feel like i freaking live there :( 
USERNAME i never get to run around naked here :( 
dropped my baby off at the vet ! poor franklin ! 😿 
it's wear orange day for the USERNAME & all my orange is nowhere to be found . #sadday 😔 😭 
USERNAME seriously ! ! ! ! i'm dying here , and it's english ! ! ): 
USERNAME i'm so upset i didn't get to see your new killer guitar everyone's talking about ): 
it felt soo good to sleep in this morning ! now ant to get ready and go to school :( #atleastitsfriday 
the fact that USERNAME is still in my bed & i'm at work 😥 #bitch 
i just want to go back to bed pwease . #lesigh 😔 
i had been up and showered and ate breakfast ... how am i back in bed ? ? 😦 😴😴 
USERNAME yes you are ! ! ! ! you texted me and called me a bitch ! :( ( 
this boy at the kid's school genuinely thinks he's harry potter .... scarf glasses , accent the whole 9 yards .. he's not kidding either ... 😧 
30 min late and freezing # :( #goodmorning #delay #ugh #work #nyc #southam @ lirr - jamaica station - track 7 URL 
just watched the saddest movie in 1st hour . :'( 
my spine feels bruised 😞 i need my special bed & a massage . scoliosis sucks . 
USERNAME uh oh did they move your time ? :( 
i haate hittin animals , even if they already dead ... i feel bad . 😧 
haate not feeling good . especially in the mornings ! ! :( 
USERNAME wahh wanted to do that too , but got important meeting to attend :( lol keep under that blanky 
i didnt bring a lot of warm clothes 💨💨💨 😣 😣 
da txt i jus received 4m sumone .... :( ... pretend u dnt knw me den 
i have to leave USERNAME alone all day in school today because of this u of h fieldtrip ... #sadtweet 
i really wanna see janelle , roman , & dillon .. :c <\3 USERNAME 
was accepted back into uncc and i can't go back or i'll never see my son . 😞 
po du pushim dyher n vjet ka 6 muj :( 
gianna's night terrors are resulting in a worried tired mommy 😥 
USERNAME 😔 love you baby , lets hang this weekend ! you need some sistaa time 
so much for waking up at 6am to workout , that was a fail . oh well , guess i'll do it tmrw . :( #sadtweet #iwannaworkout #workallday 
it's sad that memories never die 😢 😢 😢 😩😩😩😩😩 
USERNAME this is me being upset i didn't see you this morning 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i did it on instagram and it didn't stay ! :( #fail 
that fucking moment when ur cashing and this bitch has food stamps and paper products . fuck me sideways #fuckme #fml 
doctors offices are #scary . :( blood 'n needles 'n shit . #scaryscarystuff 
lapato's last day at booz allen :( (@ booz allen hamilton) URL 
USERNAME i know , i've seen that before :( and here people are thinking that cows are at the bottom of the food chain :( 
USERNAME yes ! i don't want to get to because i have to help move :( 
guess who has to work all weekend long to make up for her vacation :( 
made lunch today ... left it at home on the counter :-( #epicfail 
USERNAME yep :( just before we make it to the playoffs . it sucks 
i've had little to no sleep and i'm getting ready to spend the day with my family . #fml 
really need to cut my hair ! ! it's to long :( 
oh no ... i didn't see USERNAME this morning :( shall i be worried ? 
damn i don't wanna do today . yes i'm whining and idc 😭 
so sunday is my brothers 20th bday . i can't believe it :( #crazyy 
yeahh . i teared up during that video . 😢 
USERNAME awe :( you should ! lol . ohio is so boring though 
bakit ganon ? ung mga subject na n review ko tapos ang bababa ng mga scores ko ! ! ! nakakahya talaga sobra :( 
i should probably stop having dreams about school shootings . my clinical class is poisoning my brain 😭 
the girl i get partnered with doesn't talk :( ugh poop 
i'm getting old . i can't sleep in anymore ! :( #wahh 
strength training today too :( (@ g rollie white weight room) URL 
#50factsabouthim 8. me hace ver peliculas de amor para verme llorar :( 
heading to work super fuckin early :( look like imma just be chillin until fuckin 9 
missed all my morning checkins b/c foursquare was acting up :( (@ allouez parkway) URL 
just woke up to a text that completely ruined my day . awesome .. :( 
i cant fck with this math class today . im still not feeling well :( 
dajon i miss u baee , its been 4 days ! ! #girlfriendtweet ☹ 
rather be home with my ☕ not looking forward to pt 😔 
why oh why i feel like putting air in the tire is like rocket science cause my light is still on telling me my tire has low air :-( #mad . com 
USERNAME my eyes are infected too ! can't wear contacts :( 
USERNAME i think like 1 or 2 😰 😭 😫 
fuck this , i couldn't stay at school . i'm in my period and i have pink eye ): 
r . i . p to the love ciara lee :'( ♡ gone but never forgotten 
USERNAME so sorry susie :( do you know why there's still no power . still thinking about you every day & sending love your way . <3 
this is was my last full night of sleep .. 😰 🍼 😔 #babytime 
waking up and ty not being here just scared the living hell out of me ! ! ! ! ! ! :( #baddreams #imissyou #comehome USERNAME 
mornings off from work are always goo d; but i can't sleep more than six hours :( 
how can i begin again ? how can i try to love someone new , someone who isn't you ... how can i love true when i'm not over you . 💔 #reginaspektor 
USERNAME but i want to be a legend too :( 
USERNAME where are you ? i cant sit in this study hall alone ! :( 
haven't talked to my babyy in 4 days . atleast let me kno your ok ☹ #girlfriendtweet 
love how my next two paychecks go to my car and paying people back :( #sad 
i read all these tweets about and think , when will i get mine ? 😔 
feel like in sleeping in , check the clock ... 7:45 #fml 
USERNAME yes please ! your man was there so i was hoping you'd be there too 😞 
6am practices are the the worst when you go and you can't practicee ! :( 
up for a 10 hour work day :( ugh fml . thank god it's friday & i have a 3 day weekend after this ! ! 
if i don't text you back today i apologize my texting is off until tonight . #sorry 😔 
apologizing in advance to anyone who sees me today #sick #pale #exhausted 😷 😞 
the fact that school starts in 30 minuutes . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME awe ! i can't wait for her to be here :( 
first my chobani and now there's no coffee left in my house ... am i in hell ! ? 😭 ☕ 💔 
i truly hope my abuelita gets better 😔 😢 💔 
i definitely did not get a good nights sleep 😾 
just looked out that car widow an i saw a dead dog .. #omg :( 
i think i broke my toe ! i kicked the table when emblem 3 got 6th place not 1st 😭 
USERNAME i wish i could it's our last home game and i will have to work :( 
i hate mornings when i wake up and all i want to do is cry and miss my gram all day 😢 #worstpainever #neverstops 
USERNAME yeah man :( you know exactly what i'm talking about 
i had a good bday on wenesday people was beaten me up ! ! :( 
USERNAME loll where u find it tho ? i can't find it :( 
feel like i'm sleeping in , check the clock 7:45 ... #fml 
#tweetyourfears burning to death , zac dieing , or my daddy dieing :( 
i'm looking forward to going to the library and taking out a book ... i havent read a book that i chose in so long :-( 
ffuucckk i'm outside for 2 hours today :( stupid 4 hour shift ! 
my check was for 84$ wtf kohl's ? this week is going to be rough 😞 
also maybe one day i won't drink like 5,468,425,754,907 extra calories from beer 😔 #thisiswhyimfat 
talking to your ex suucks . cause you always get those feelings back for em ) ): 
USERNAME i was supposed too but my soroity had a mandatory ritual thing i couldn't miss bcs it's initiation week 😔 
#50factsabouthim 10. se me cogía mis moños para usarlos :( 
i'm smoking heavy tonight so when i smoke i'm in my feelings 😢 
i can't believe i'm missing pie tasting this year 😭 😭 😭 
this feeling sucks when uve lost a bff and they don't care but you do , and ur thinking wow we used to have so much fun and be inseparable 😪 💔 
feeling like crap today . lovely . i can kiss my day of sledding and such goodbye 😢 #perfect #nobueno 
im trying to get USERNAME to come baack to groves . he aint cooperating tho :( 
USERNAME mee too . but i have a history test :( 
not feeling too good . gonna be a long day at work . 😔 
it sucks when we don't have school but i have to work at 3 .. ): 
USERNAME really…then why are u going in hun ? to study/project ? :( 
USERNAME just listened to byebye remix now listenin to thats what u call love ; ): ) 
i really don't like it when i have a cute dress outfit but its like freezing outside and i can't wear it ): 
USERNAME my tits are sore from your damn arm workout 😣 
waiting to be called back to have my procedure done . 😔 
USERNAME i’ll agree with that . the asshat quotient of the community has increased slightly in our absence . :-( 
i need to go grocery shopping soo bad 😭 #nofood 
i hate my ppink nose ring . i want my blue one :( 
USERNAME you're soo mean ! and im always so nice ! > :( time to get yo butt kicked today punk ! 
taking my anatomy test ! ! fingers crossed i studied hard enough 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME won't be putting on my lederhosen :( u all have fun for me ... maybe one day i will have a life ! 
hope my nose doesn't bleed this morning ... no tissues . :( 
my bed is so comfy , i don't want to go to work 😥 😤👊 
welp , in the plastic surgeon's . they just told me i have to go back to the hospital ./: #fml 
why must i have to drive all the way to lenox by myself ? ! 😞 
youtube started as a dating site (and so did facebook ): you upload a video and then people vote #bef2012 
so i'm drivin to school & some idiot is drivin terribly & i was screamin at him .. and i look at him and he had a neck brace on ... oops 😔 
starting so late today ... getting up in the morning is getting harder :( (@ gym) URL 
USERNAME USERNAME with hurricane sandy benefit at the bowery ballroom (november 12, 2012 ): new york , ny , us URL 
i miss USERNAME :( were so far away now . 
did not want to leave bed this morning :( im so cold and i hate work #wannagobacktobed #cuddletime #itstoocold 
USERNAME i didn't make my flight yesterday . i was still sick , i'm still a little sick . :( 
USERNAME gingerbuddy , you never brought dunkin donuts :( #crying 
woke up to this , and balled my eyes out . i miss my mom more then ever . 😢 💙 URL 
USERNAME hopfully she does 😔 they won't let her in without it 
USERNAME wow .... i wore my ndsu shirt today and everything :( 
it's too early . i wanna curl back up inn bed :( 
USERNAME i know i know . 😭 it's gonna go by fast i hope 
augh :( man i lost that ladys card . that was gonna dye my hair :( (((( 
on that note bbl , my ass has to go to work :/ boohoo :'( missing my babe more && more 
ugh .. i'm so hungry , i wish i had poptarts ! 😔 
USERNAME yeah ! ! i am worried it's manufactured by lg :( 
dying to just be done with this last hour of class 😭 
don't get me wrong i love losing weight but , this whole loose clothes isn't working out for me . 😔 
first friday without a game , this gonna be hard :'( 
i seriously have the worst fucking luck in america 😢 
i'm dyin' without my grandma shoes , there honestly a solid part of my life now 😭 😭 😭 😭 
stop making fun of me , i'm sick . :( USERNAME 
i wouldn't wish this pain on even my worst enemy 😖 😷 😭 
o lord 😳 god .... please help me get thru this ... in jesus name ... amen . 😔 🙏 
i love waking up and seeing this ! my walks home from the bars just got a little more interesting ... 😢 URL 
USERNAME i know :( so so sad . maybe ill come in this weekend ! would you get in trouble for talking to me ? ! 
i be hollering i won't never care when my ass know i do 😔 
eff this class right now; 12:00 where are youu ? :( 
USERNAME i wanted to see but the link doesn't work ! :( 
this is just fucking great , now the whole fuckin platoon knows my personal life .... #fml 
i hate not being able to go back to sleep after mike drops me off 😞 need more sleep ! 😴😴😴😴😴 
USERNAME ha ! i still have all my stuff in my office , so i have to go in either way :( 
jus chilling in the bathroom , don't wanna go back to class 😔 
USERNAME ha . our team is such a joke that the friday conversation prior to sunday is the opposing qb . #depressing 
hate having the car but no plans .... smh waste of a good day . :( 
its gonna be a sad day at school today :( #lacuevadidntdeserveit 
USERNAME :( but smile ! ! ! we got to see each other last night ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wahh :( i miss you guys ! ! 
flavored water is the worst , they need to keep it separate from the regular water for the unobservant 😣 
mondays veterans day and my grandpa won't even be home :( 
will someone please switch shifts with me for saturday the 17th 😢 😢 
no one told me goodmorning :( i see how yall feeling 
just got reminded that its my 4 year anniversary with tsa 😔 
why must this kid stare at me and sing like he's trying to seduce me with his horrible voice 😔 👎 
i really dont want to go to school today 😔 
so why am i sad ? 😢 "is aunt rose here ? 
i cleaned my bowl and realized there was still green in it :( 
i'm starting to realize what i'm doing wrong 😥 i feel so sorry ! 
all i want for my birthday is a tattoo 😢 
USERNAME i can't come today :-( my mom isn't working after all and she doesn't want to get up and take me 😑 😩 😒 
USERNAME you better ! or ... or ... or ... i'm gonna cry 😢 
i'm so torn between going to delaware or staying and not letting bethany stay at home alone during break 😥 
USERNAME lmfao , word 😥 there's no more kevin in the morning 😩 
there's nothing worse then unintentionally hurting someone and not being able to do anything about it 😔 
you know it's gonna be a long day when your already behind and its only 9 .. 😢 
when i listen to the last thing on your mind by lights , i feel like she's singing it to me ahw :( 
makes me sad when people stay in unhealthy relationships for the sake of not being alone :( 
i swear i'm gonna fall asleep 😞 trying to keep my eyes open 😳 
station twos gettin everything .. like the fall and a lady bleeding from the eyes ! ): 
i texted you and someone texted me back saying wrong number ? :( USERNAME 
i wish i could go to school in my pj's . :( 
just now starting to see results of tanning :( i miss my hometown #touchofsun ! ! ! USERNAME 
who shreds there vehicle verification and tag ? ! yea this lady does .... :( this is why i dont clean up papers that are everywhere ... #epicfail 
my sleeping in consists of waking up before 9, body why ? 😔 
someone broke into my parents' shop early this morning . praying for the sake of our employees and our family that they didn't take much . 😔 
i've hit every red light at major intersections on the way to school 😭 #thisissad 
at least an adorable lil country bumpkin checked on me . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME see ! ! ! ! lol ... and i'm going back tonight ! ! poor me .. 😞 ... i'm scared ! 
USERNAME you are a goner buddy .. i cant save you now . :( #isawwy 
i really need to stop waking up 15 minutes before i need to leave 😧 #everymorning 
USERNAME i'm on and bored ! ! ! ! ! ! math sucks ! :( 
USERNAME 😒 😣 😖 😠 no , no i don't . #stupid711 
the boys leave today :( stay safe and kick ass for us . i wish nothing but the best for all of you . love you all ! USERNAME 💋 
suddenly seymour just came on in the car USERNAME wahh 😭 😭 😭 😭 ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ 
can't eat or drink anything this morning 😔 soo . thirsty 
USERNAME i think you have me a cold 😞 we need to go to warmer weather a heal this shit immediately ! ! #hawaii 
pretty sad that i had to sleep in a scarf and gloves last night 😞 
waiting 2 fly 2 new york from orlando then on 2 a cold wet manchester . oh i wish i could stay here :-( xx 
i'm bored :( somebody need to change that asap ! ! ! ! ! 
about to fail this test . real nigga all day ..... . yeah . :( 
USERNAME haha i dont even know what you're talking about :( why'd u get so fucked up this early lol 
USERNAME lol vampire diaries , i watch it every week . screw gossip girl . heard dan and serena gonna get married . what about nate ! ! :( 
my whole morning been threw off and i don't like it 😣 
why does my mouth hurt so much 😔 😞 😢 
just got a flu 💉 now waiting to be seen per my 😣 headache & 😖 migraine sufferings . 
this psych course is really getting in the way of my sleep :( 
ahh jack duckworth has died ! what a great character he was ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know :( (( but y'all can just start without me and i'll meet y'all there ! ! 
sad thought that i won't be with my softball girls this summer :,( the three amigos :( don't replace me USERNAME USERNAME ❤ 
USERNAME miss you too ! trenton sits in your spot in art :( it just doesn't feel the same 
such sad news to hear on a beautiful day .. mental health day today 😔 ☀ 
what does a college grad do after getting fired ? he watches USERNAME live from germany & cheer on my USERNAME #gonoles #unemployed 😔 👎 
USERNAME the same thing i did during my phd . :( except i am cut off at 40 hrs . i’m just burnt out , i think… 
bro this on bitch next to me was staring at me and i felt it and i look over to look at her and she still was staring 😦 😐 #tf 
lawd help me get through this morning with what i work with 😞 
USERNAME i never win anything from you guys ! i thought we were friends :'( 
just wanted to stay in bed and cuddle but i have class 😔 
waking up and seeing your sub tweet ... <<<< and im sick .. #annoyed .. :( 
USERNAME can i have it please ! :( #freezing #cantstopshaking 
USERNAME ugh ! i'm so jealous .. if i got cancelled i wouldnt find out until 5 anyway 😢 
the hard part about maintaining a good portfolio is that a lot of my work has been for companies that went on to not use it publicly . :-( 
USERNAME lol it was on the one on the boat :( you were still dancing :( lol actually no i think u went a room wih someone idk i woke up hah 
ohh my gosh . it is soo cold in my room right now ! i'm gonna freeze my bun buns off :c lol 
this is my face right now cuz i don't wanna go to work -> 😣 >_< 
space jam is on ! i don't wanna leave to class 😔 😔 
welp my last day with my phone . :( just talk to my lil baby that's all that matters ... 
allergies are going to make me fail biology ... i just can't go to class looking puffy in the face and a major headache 😔 
😞 why did i offer to work 6-9 on top of my 12-6 shift ? 
i never talk to my friend anymore ! ! ! 😢 😔 i hardly text first but i texted him lol 
1st class i ever cut since last year .. 😔 smh 
wow . it's not gonna rain anymore . 😭 😭 
two classes then i'm done for the day ! too bad everyone's going home today :( 
USERNAME no , working from home today . no reason for me to be up right now :( 
i have my iphone 5 finally but my instagram isn't working ...... #fml 
USERNAME bukan ke aku dah add ko ? --__-- ko je xapprove :( 
i'm gonna continue feeling bad about it the rest of the day and then ill get over it . 💔 USERNAME 
so i'm dealing with a guy who won't stop singing and a guy who keeps making disturbing/discusting noises with his nose 😔 #notmyday 
how every day USERNAME looks nice and dressed up i look rough as hell 😞 🎀 
USERNAME why is live stream online and my USERNAME app not working ? :( i feel a bit lost right now ! 
i hate this day of ever month :( this will be a terrible day .. #memories 
fire alarms going off at 1 am are not good for the mornings😴 😢 #sotired 
USERNAME sure thing , it's a green book though (same thing just recycled) i don't have it now though ): meet me on monday ? 
there was a little burst of parties like last two months .. they are over now . 😔 😔 😔 
rockin my show shirt for mayb the last time :( 
i just dug myself into one deep hole ... 😭 
i'm trying really hard to stay awake in this class right now 😦 😴 
i might have another stye in my eye :( ... #contactsabuse 
dropped my iphone today ... screen still intact but looks like a shattered window ... #fml #badluck 
sometimes when a small things brings back big #memories .. i cry cause i miss my dad so much :( 
USERNAME awh . yeah we deff need to hang out soon ! i haven't seen you since the coweta vs wagoner game ): 
the fact we don't have a football game today . <<<< 😞 😔 😣 👎☀❄🌌🍁🍃🍂🌿🌾🏈 
USERNAME lmao you hate me . ? ? 😢 ! ! 
my underwear lines are wonderfull today #wheresmythong #lostit # :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss you too ! 😭 💔 text me ! i have plans for all of us saturday ! 
USERNAME ask mama . i feel so helpless here .. i miss lola :( 
if i was handsome i would have a girlfriend instead of being so lonely :( 
this trip was by far the best trip of my life ! sad it went by so quick though . 😔 
USERNAME yea , i also miss having class with your annoying self ❤ 😥 
i'm starving 😭 hurry up beau and crack ma back 
i want to go home this weekend but i can't :( 
there are fewer than 2,000 borneo pygmy elephants left in the wild :( 
oh no nestle : recall of nestlé nesquik® chocolate powder in the 10.9, 21.8 and 40.7 ounce canisters :( URL 
wish i could be at USERNAME for #slopeningday 🎿❄ #sadtweet 
USERNAME what in the world ? why ? :( i'm sad 
last day in disney :( i wanna extend the trip so i could see the summer set but that can't happen :( 
i apologize to my 8am class for my cough attacks #coughingupalung 😞 
i miss getting tons of good morning texts everyday , now i don't even get 1 :( 
my head 😣 my back 😣 my legs 😣 #dafack 
the dream felt so real .. think ima keep this one to myself lol 😞 
literally almost in tears in my english class ... omg 😭 
why did i turn out being ugly and my parents not ? 😢 
USERNAME i would but i'm in class til 11 :( 
USERNAME ugh :( being me something back lol for lunch ! ! 
USERNAME you poor thing . i wish you were here ! :( 
my back right now . can't flipping move . a lower back massage is highly needed 😩😫 😣 😢 
sa ganitong panahon , nawi-wish ko na sana mayaman kami . $18,000 ? ? ? :( 
i'm soo fucking mad holy shit i'm ready for today to be over 🔫🔫 #fml 
there goes my a in nursing with that test 😔 
well have to go to a funeral today and now that just happened to me yup ill be crying all day 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
in another life , i would be your girl . we'd keep all our promises , be us against the world . 💔 
check out batgirl (2011- ): annual issue #1 on USERNAME URL 
USERNAME USERNAME yess ! i miss you guys :( (( 
USERNAME you always have headphone issues . poor guy 😞 
i only got a few hours of sleep last nite :( 
USERNAME why didn't you go with them ? so you are going to be alone on your b*day ? 😞 😞 
"USERNAME dead pig in romney shirt left at south bay gop office URL that's just sick and shameful :( poor pig 
USERNAME betta be at school for lunch with me ! i miss my mater tot :( #t4l 
well this day jus went all to hell .... :( 
so bored uh ): at least i have my starbucks(; 
being ignored is the worst feeling in the world 😞 #givingup 
work is so boring today ... i wish i had this place to myself like last week so i could just dick around and rock out :( 
:( sad to say i lost my true brothers <<>>><<<>> 
sippin on this sweet tea from mcdonald's wishing it alcohol 😔 😁 lol 
it has only been a couple hours but i miss my baby already </3 
USERNAME ugh ik girl it's all they have down here :( 
i feel like the worst best friend in the world . why do i have to feel like this today :( 
USERNAME i am so sorry i couldnt say happy birthday to you yesterday :( but i hope all your wishes came true happy birthday -jackie- 
bittersweet day today . USERNAME 's senior night and last time playing the drums . #sadday #babybrother #growingup 
i forgot how ungodly it was to get up for work at this hour :( 
USERNAME omg . i haven't watched it yet ! ! ! ! ! oh no ! ! ! ! :( 
whoa , i just remembered that i can't remember the last time i got a good morning text lol #depressing 
i feel like i'm getting a cold . :( #notcool 
can't find my bible :( i feel so weird without it ... 
USERNAME will be in fl on the 15 and 23 i cant make either :( was hoping to see them with jake owen but they wont be there either 
missing my college ssq girls USERNAME and USERNAME 👎 😥 come back into my lifee 
people are like music; some speak the truth and others are just noise . 😔 
USERNAME sorry to hear about your uncle :( but this seems so true ! 
i always forget my headphones when i go to the gym :( 
i never go a day without my stomach hurting . . . i just wanna feel better :( 
i'm all the dumb characters in chicken little .... yay me ! 😣 
i say but then it comes the day and i can't stop thinking about how much i would love to be in kansas . #sadtweet 
>:0 maldito dolor q me esta matando dios mio porq me castigas asi :( ;( 
ran over a massive black snake last night .. i'm still cringing . snakes are my biggest fear 😭 🐍 
outta all these dudes that want me , i can't get over you . #fml . 😔 
USERNAME i wish i was there shaken my booty but have to work 😔 hopefully ill be by tomorrow night . 
no one captured my heart quite like you did . 😔 
the minute you think you're going to lose something , it becomes the most important thing in your life . 😔 
dear #migraine : u have less than 11 hours 2 go away . #kubball starts 2night . u r already making miss #yoga 2day :( i won't miss the game ! ! 
how i feel when i have to get outta bed .. 😞 #lasttweet 
USERNAME why do we live in different carolina states ? ! :( 
USERNAME isnt my friend anymore because she saw me buying essie nail polish and she called me a rich bitch :( #sosad 
there are times when l fall in love with someone new , but l always seem to find myself back in love with you . 😔 
i just want to stay in the fetal position all day today 😔 big baby 👶 
have to pee but i refuse to get up ... #communitybathroomproblems 😔 😒 
i love when the autumn chill hits . but i hate the stuffy nose/sore throat that comes with all of it :( miserable today . 
i don't know how to trust you again . 😔 
took me 7 minutes to answer 50 questions on football for my pkin exam .. #nice ! sad footballs done though :( 
USERNAME boo ! just got to work and the phone app and internet app are down 😥 thank god for xm .... 
i trust you , doesn't mean you can fool me . i want you , doesn't mean you can use me . i love you , doesn't mean you can hurt me . 😔 
one full week of class left and i am done for good 😢 
USERNAME thank you ! and i miss you :( i wanted to see you last friday ! 
not in a good mood and definitely not nice today . you might wanna stay out of sight . #goodmorning #annoyed 😣 💩👎 
USERNAME i'm not happy that i missed it . :( #hellolady 
USERNAME why can’t we be those magical unicorn people who only need 6hrs of sleep ? :( 
why must people wake me up this early :( #sleepy 
hopefully my mom comes and gets me , cause my tiredness level is out the roof-___- #fml 
i don't even expect anything from anyone anymore , i always get dissapointed or lied to anyways . 😔 
today isnt my day 😔 i feel so unwanted . 
every time i have chicken minnis i think of USERNAME cuz the first time i had them was with her ! ! 😭 
USERNAME yeah , :-( dang it . its alright , its just my last football game ever 
before i met you i never knew what it was like to be able to look at someone and smile for no reason . 😔 
USERNAME hey buddy , heard about your crash , i hope you're ok :( 
USERNAME just bombed that spanish test .... and i'm the only one at our table . :( 
i do believe love through the internet , because i know that love comes in every ways . 😔 ❤ 
USERNAME can we see a movie soon ? ! 🎬 i'm having amc stub5 withdrawals 😔 
i fuckin can't find my headphone wtf today's going to be shitty :( 
wanna keep your girl ? respect her , care for her , love her , text her first , make sure she knows how you feel about her and never lie . 😔 
i would so call in sick today other than i have bills due next week . #fml 
USERNAME i can't do our plans tonight .. stuff has came up . i'm sorry :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME we aren't all going its a sad day :( 
so i changed my babyshower cake back to hello kitty , i really wanted the mold of my belly tho' :( 
USERNAME i didn't get any notifications of a missed call :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME some of us are but not all :( wahh 
a real relationship . has fights . has trust . has faith . has tears . has hurt . has laughter . has weird , stupid , unnecessary arguments . 😔 
USERNAME i know but it's just not the same ): guess i'm going to be doing a lot of copy & pasting 
i talk way too much to not have my voice today :( #sickprobz 
life is easier when you're not complaining , worrying , or stressing about bullshit . 😔 
if my car wasn't so far id deff go pass out 😔 😴 
your still on my mind . i miss you . 😥 
USERNAME they are playing our song in my class right now 💔 
😩 😢 blah ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this day already sucks👎i got my coffee☕but i'm still tired💤 now i want soup🍲and my bed 😨 i hate being sick😷 
chest pains and dismissed from school . i'm so done with my health problems ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME one of our major contractors is boeing . i made a bet we would be closing soon . here we go .... :( 
sometimes i wish this was all a nightmare and i'd wake up and you'd be right there holding me like the old times .. miss my tater :( 
she ignores all the other guys who want her , because she's too busy noticing the one she wants . 😔 
ehh its friday ! :( my 6 hr class is today ! #lifedrawing 
i have beyond the worst hangover right now sick to my stomach #blahh this is my #karma #fml lmao to much fun 
that moment you lose all respect for that person you used to like . 😔 
guys .. we're only a 3rd done with the school year ... :( 
live life without any limits , because you'll never know when your time comes . so live , laugh and most importantly be happy . 😔 
10 more hours of this and i will surely blow my head off . #horsesaleproblems 🐴 😣 🔫 
getting picked up for the aiport in just over four hours ! could cry :( 
the teacher just looked at me and said and smiled . 😭 help 
USERNAME me too bahah but i've been sick so it sucks :( 
the best part of my morning is waiting for this bus #sike #fml 
i hate when people put me on awkward situations .. #fml 
finding out that your ex started popping pills when you broke up with him . 😔 <<<< #imsorry 
i have to piss and my ass hurts from this bus seat ): 
USERNAME i was gonna blow up your phone even more but facebook said i wasn't allowed to like anymore pictures :'( ( 
cortney stop stop stop over thinking everything ! ! ! ! 😒 😣 
definitely no class on fridays next semester 😔 😣 😴 
USERNAME you already know we're going for status tomorrow morning 💀 😭 🌀 
1 year ago today , i lost a truly great person . i miss you so much grandma deedee , we miss you ! i've nver missed someone so much . #rip 😔 👼 ❤ 💕 💜 
USERNAME no backups ? ! :( i wanna read them… 
today's news from sen . bernie sanders (i-vt . ): URL #vt #veterans #budget #fiscalcliff #citizensunited #socialsecurity 
my mommy just left for florida without me :( #nowwhatdoido 
ugh , taking out $535 for my dad . 😞 
USERNAME i miss seeing you everyday 😢 😢 😢 😢 come live in murray ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME don't get me started . i miss you 😭 😭 😭 and kelli and gi and zi . like wth . for nye i'm coming for a week 
waking up in a curled up little ball cause super cold . :( 
can't believe my bestfriend is moving back to florida :( #renato #brother 
if you aren't happy being single you will never be happy in a relationship . get your own life and love it first , then share it . 😔 
i leave my desk for 30 minutes and get 14 emails . #fml #fuckwork 
i just had the scariest dream ever 😢 😢 😫 😖 
USERNAME got me excited ... i thought class was cancelled .... and it's not 😔 
USERNAME me but you're so far away and USERNAME has stolen you ! :( #sadness 
my mouth is full of wounds ... i keep biting my inner cheek and tongue . :( (( 
USERNAME awe lols , do u work saturday ? i never see you anymore :'( 
USERNAME thank you ! ! but i absolutely hate them :( lol 
USERNAME oh no :( i'm sorry ! ! ! ! 
get my shit together to go to yoga and hit a huge backup on pike . #cantwin #fml 
hurt :'( :'( today is not gonna be a good day ...... 
man .... then i got a lil horse cough & it hurts :( 
gina hella miss football it was my favorite sport .. 😔 #sad 
USERNAME i fell asleep on you ): lol i was scared of your nail file . 
USERNAME i'd go if i could , but i'm doing my community hours today 😁 😞 
woke up feeling fine earlier , went back to sleep , now i'm up feeling icky . :-( 
pernahkah anda terpikir bahwa gejala osteoporosis bisa terjadi di usia muda ? wkwkwk rt USERNAME saki skali ini blakang ohh god :'( 
everytime i look at you i remember the summer we spent together #memories #sadtweet 
i don't wanna get out of bed . #fml #lazy #tired #tgif 😫😴 
i wish USERNAME was in palm bay so she could do my hair for my aunts wedding tomorrow .. 😣 cuz i'd be lookin fresh thoo ! 
i was gonna wear a beanie today but i f o r g o t t t t t :c 
i just need to get through 3:20, and i will be fine . i don't understand why i can't go a week , just a week without being sick :( 
USERNAME like that girl on the dance team , i'm in love with her hair ! 😔 
USERNAME haha i look like crap . sad without ed :'( 
my boyfriend gets to sleep in my bed all day while i work . this is not fair . :( i want to be there with him . 
USERNAME sounds like a deal ! ! iv been working my life away lately :( 
when is this uca check going to come ? ! i need money 😢 
c programming is killing me :( ماحب البرمجة خاصة هذا البرنامج 
of course , i wouldn't be able to sleep and when i finally do i wake up with a cold #stuffynose #cough #seriously #whatnext 😡 😭 😩 
i just wanna go home . USERNAME got me all sick . 😷 😔 😠 
picking up starbucks and going back in my bed right now sounds perfect ! ! ! ! ! ! :( i wish lol 
#mma ufc on fuel tv 6 franklin vs . le predictions and analysis - camel clutch blog (blog ): ... URL via URL 
i don't want to get up and go to class . i just want to stay in bed with my boyfriend and cuddle all day . :( 
USERNAME i know ! :( i miss you ! i'm usually working all the time now . we have to do something soon . 
USERNAME wahh :( me either ! i make my coffee with my tears , cause i miss you ! haha no but really i think of u every morning i'm making my 
USERNAME lmao ay ombe , theres no school like doulos . i still miss it ! 😭 
i think me and USERNAME are going through the same thing about .. 😔 
USERNAME coffee & wishing we were at marks getting pb cookie lattes :( :( wah 
USERNAME USERNAME 😢 not true . you decided to not be my bud anymore . moved on to bigger and better things . like sarah's rack . 
what i would give to be in my bed being lazy right now 😔 
i haven't been sick yet but all these white ppl in here coughing 😔 . i'm gonna be sick 
USERNAME lmfaoo he'll yeah shaboo ya sh sh sh shaboo yaa ! lmfao and i miss you too ! 😔 
USERNAME wow 😳 you guys had a party and no invite 😥 😢 😞 
USERNAME you and me both ! ... just gotta get in were u fit in :( 
i'm just looking at pictures of sebastian like hoping he's okay USERNAME 😢 😿 #sickkitty 
its so hard for me rite now ... i wonna go home :'( 
USERNAME crap . i was gonna try it today before work . i was wondering if it would work or not . :( 
#iwillneverunderstand why frank ocean can't be here w me rn ): 
this is what ratemyprofessor has to say about my professor (i tend to agree with the most negative ones ): URL 
the rest of my day is gonna be long as hell , i can't wait for the bell to ring :( #greatt 
it's been almost 12 hours that i've had these cramps .. i'm going to die ! 😩 😭 😰 💀 
2 weeks ! ! ! rt USERNAME USERNAME please come home 😔 😢 
the only thing worse than having no food in your house is having so much food that you can't decide what to eat 😣 😣 😣 😣 😠 
i'm really putting up with this guy for 11 hours ! ? shoot me ! 😭 
really ? ! ? ! ? such bad luck .... 😣 😔 
USERNAME i hate the fact we drank tequila last night 😔 
ashton's going shopping without me today so i'm having to go through online websites and send her pictures of what to buy 😣 
i wanna eat breakfast . someone feed me . 😔 
USERNAME why must you torture the only nascar fan follower so , rachel ? :( lol 
feeling nostalgic for germany today for some reason . :(  
been throwing up all night and i have no idea why :( 
i don't fuck with lil wayne but i'm blasting the shit outta d4 right now :'( lol 
i'm getting a cold sore .... 😢 😷 #fml this is why i hate michigan . 
you make me doubt everything i once cared about . 😔 
USERNAME lmao i wish i was there to see ! hey i might come up next weekend ! oh crap you'll be in washington won't you ? :( 
i can't keep my eyes open #burning 😳 😣 😴 
USERNAME the computer rebooted literally sayong it says thete is nothing on the hardware :( 
so tired and sick . what the heck ? ! 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME gm ! i won't be on till later guys surgery today 4 me :-( 
USERNAME i had a feeling something was gonna happen to him .. you could tell there was no helping him .. soo sad :( 
i hate when you make plans with someone , and it never happens #worstfeeling #sadtweet 
i just locked myself in the handicapped stall in the schools bathroom 😢 
i need banana o . g :c it makes my morning lolol no only USERNAME makes my mornings cx 
well at least you showed your true colors before i stated liking you ... 💔 👌 
fuckk i'm getting sick that's not even cool :( ( 
can i just loose 15lbs & have my hair grow like 3 inches ? no .. well alrite than 😿 
hate when i got to the gym and all of creation is in here makes it hard to do the gynie machine :( 
i don't want my baby to change to night shift :( 
😔 my life will be empty without you . 💔 
USERNAME my moms dog did nothing :( tv , jewelry gone ! 
USERNAME actually i was sleeping and forgot :( but you're the 10% i adore 
USERNAME will always be an amazing person in my eyes , he's an inspiration and his voice is beautiful . i might die if i don't meet him 😥 
my pillow is getting soaked from my eyes watering 😥 
i miss my nibby 😢 i never get ti see her 😭 USERNAME 
things are changing and i do not like it . 😔 😪 
i wish i was going to cali for thanksgiving 😭 
USERNAME i know ! we should have planned this better but it's also my busiest weekend of the semester :( i would love to come visit ! ! 
my head is confusing me . idk if i'm feeling lightheaded or i have a headache . 😔 
i want to go shopping but i cant > :( 
i need my hair done but i have a damn quiz :( 
ive picked out 7 pair of shoes to get rid of . i haven't wore them in at least a year but im still so sad . 👠👢 💔 
tomorrow is the big day ! ! :( rest in peace larry simmons junior .... i love you dude ... 
it's so scary how fast life can be taken away 😔 
USERNAME i did lastnight ... too drunk for a thursday 😣 
noo noo . noo . ryan braun is engaged omg i'm going to drown myself in ice cream later #onelesshusbandforme :( ( 
sads , i totally entered this contest and my photo isn't showing up :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i won't be there :( y'all have fun though ! 
i'm sick and all i want to do is stay in bed all day . but i have to work . :( i should be thankful that i have a job , 
last night at nuyo the had no more caramel machiato ): <<<< 
just saw a dying squirrel in the middle of the road 😢 
actually depressed seeing all the lockers decorated for playoffs .... someone do mine😩 😭 #taghveebz 
ugh hate she had to wrk wanted her to cum ova wit rock :( 
almost just smashed into a deer on 9w . it would have been goodbye evo . 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME i am alway curious as to what you guys are saying when you tweet in french 😔 
todys startin ofd a crappy day :( </3 i hate when she acts like this 
getting an of montreal sing-along going on this train is not as easy as i had hoped . :-( 
i'm so tired but i'm gonna have to suck it up and get ready to study all day then take my biochem test 😳 😳 😣 😷 
USERNAME i was suppose to bring it in two weeks ago ... :( 
USERNAME god . i just wanna go to sleep . & it sucks so far :( do you work today 
USERNAME it sucks being a boss and being able to do what you want , and still getting all your work done on time sometimes 😢 
feel shitty this morning .. i shouldn't thoughh ! ! ): 
my place ... the library is not open . #sadtweet 
wow i am going to be so lonely this week . :( 
USERNAME tried to reply to your dm but i can't because you don't follow me :-( 
fuck i have a spanish quiz that i am 100% unprepared for #fml 
USERNAME we'll see .... haha idk , imma be bored while not at the concert . imma mish yew </3 
as soon as i got here i wanna go home ... #fml 
seriously i feel like a little mouse or rat or something . i've never been so small . of course i've never not eaten for 4 days straight . 😞 
how do i make an icon go back to the menu when it gets deleted 😭 
USERNAME whaat ? if i'm the worst bestfriend and never text you then your the worstest bestfriend cause you never text me either 😔 
i'm going to miss you so much USERNAME i ❤ u baby cakes 😢 😢 URL 
it's cold and my throat hurt ... i think i'm getting sick ! :( ( 
when you just need a hug from USERNAME but you have not seen him all day . :( 
this is the last cross country practice . i should be happy but it kind of breaks my heart that i won't see noah anymore . #sadtweet 
USERNAME my life is too busy for twitter ! 😣 
awkward moment when u jump out of bed late & rush 2 class & then get halfway there to realize u 4gt to put a bra on ! ..... damn ! :( 
show up to work 20 minutes early , just to get beat by the boss . :( 
my pup and my man get to lay in bed and cuddle all day 😞 so jealous 
my knee is hurting so bad i cant even feel my tummy ache and im limping ! ! ! 😭 😰 
USERNAME come have breakfeast with me i miss my best friend 😭 😭 😭 😭 .... it'll only be an hour drive ... lol 
i have so much emotion that i want to express but i can't . 😔 
💔 my heart is broken 💔 and i can't trust any one 💔 anymore 
ugh wish i felt better :( 😷😪 😥 😰 😨 
USERNAME and i have the most f$*&ed up dreams ... i'm sorry about mine USERNAME :( 
soo .. who wants to drive me to work since i don't have my car ? 😊 😔 
USERNAME some of the girls have basketball or outta town this weekend :( ill be there though ❤ 
(864 ): i have absolutely nothing sober to say to you . 
USERNAME i miss sonic , they closed the only one in fresno :c 
i have work tonight 😔 from 9-12 a . m . 
USERNAME i thought everyone should have to share my sadness 😭 
maybe she just wants me gone only positive there is i could see my sister in heaven is that what she wants ? ! ! ! 😭 😭 
my oldest bro just broke down andd cried in front of me .. i know this is bad now .. :( 
i can not believe i am up and ready to go before 9. maybe it's because i've been up since 6 .. def gonna need a nap before tonight ! 😞 😴 
i feel like such an under achiever this semester :( shit 
USERNAME i know right ! ugh my brain won't let me sleep ): i wasn't supposed to get up till 10 & here i am 
USERNAME 😔 that sucks ! what class are you going back to ? 
i want to go home after work tomorrow but i have a test on monday :( #nogo 
in lab and dying for coffee ... little sleep and lots to do :( 
USERNAME nnoo 😭 is this lady ever absent ! ! ! 
i dreamt that i married snooki last night ..... if only my dreams could turn into reality 💔 💔 💔 
whys it so cold :[ i really dont feel like leaving my bed 
i pray everything goes okay for my love . :( 
last day in new york city 😢 😢 😢 💔 
ahahahaa ... rt USERNAME USERNAME ohh tuhan jauhkan ... k'olibee ... :'( 
USERNAME our little boy is all grown up and wearing ties and slacks 😭 USERNAME 
it's annoying that i'm good at a class like family interaction ... but with science/math i suck ... i just want to be a physician assistant :'( ( 
i did not get paid much this week cause my time sheet messed up :( 
today is pretty boring without you two 😢 USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME aw :( i don't wanna leave ! 😪 i'm lovinn the heat lol 
that depressing moment when you realize USERNAME is leaving for lacrosse in a few hours :( #spenteverydaywithyouthisweek #dontleave 
c'mon ma i need the tahoe to go get my nails did before work 😦 
if i felt any worse , i'd die . # :( #ihatebeingagirl 
why the sad face USERNAME ? i haven't talked to him in forever 😔 
USERNAME boo 😭 we've never not lived in the same city ... ever 
forgot my shoes :( ughh at least i have my chanclas 
ohh 😧 rt USERNAME i love this emoji so much 😩😩😩😩 this is how i'm always feeling lol 
USERNAME my poor baby :( i can't . ugh . i mean . i could if had cables . but i don't . 
well damn . he finally did it . cool . i ain't mad at him . 😔 
class couldn't go any slower right now 😣 🔫 just wanna leave ! ! ! ! ! 
you should just beat him for me ... # :( #disappointed USERNAME 
USERNAME will do ! if it makes ya feel better i have to leave 2 days ahead of my friends to go to s conference for work . :( 
should not have drank so much last night . #5hourshifttoday . 😭 😫 
those days when you don't wanna get up . :( 
i hate fridays-_- reminds me how everyone gets paid ... and i have to wait till saturday :( 
the fact that i didn't get my morning snapchat from USERNAME is upsetting 😭 
USERNAME no one told me :( ( i'm not complaining though ! 
USERNAME ): .. i know how you feel brandy .. 
i do not flying on these small regional jets :( 
i want to live with mommy again .. dishes u haunt me . ok back to reality , i like to live on my own . <3 hate dishes ! } :( 
kinain niya yung noodles ko na sea food ! :( ( 
ughh i need to learn to say no . ! ! ! #haveproblems #ineedjesus 😞 
USERNAME mine got moved moved up from jan 30 to the 11th , the review we always go to is the 1st or second week or dec #fml 
sore throat stuffy nose ... :( but i got tyga so that's good 
this heffer know she should have walk ... as humans we are becoming lazier :( 
i miss my cousin USERNAME 😔 letting something so stupid and old break us apart . 
if i could i would redo my eyebrows all over again .... not clip to many hairs off :( what was i thinking smh 
USERNAME i have to work :( y'all need togo tonight so i can go lol 
USERNAME yeahh that's crazy ! i wish it was hotter :( 
USERNAME your mean :( you supposed to be my nigga 
i was twerking so much lastnight my lower back hurts now ... getting ready for wrk now ... #fml lol 
my feet are already frozed & i haven't even gotten to the rink yet .. :( 
tat awkward moment when everyone on your class probably aces at test and you feel like you got a c .. #fml 
USERNAME my goal is to expand my steelers fan family but twitter won't let me follow more then 2000 :( 
my dog always pees and poops inside , he's outside literally all day but he comes in just to shit everywhere > :c 
joe budden is gonna be at soundstage november 18 ! ! i wanna go so bad . but none of my people fuck with joey :( 
to early in the morning to be working like this 😭 
wish i was doing the wine and done marathon this weekend ): stupid hurt ankle ! ! ! 
i'm just ... i'm just so ready for thanksgiving break . 😞 
USERNAME thanks , ben ! she’s so miserable and totally bummed bc she has to miss a choir concert she was supposed to sing in today . :( 
my stomach really hurts and i don't know what to do about it ); #sadtweet 
awesome . it's finished . too bad i gotta leave for school :c 
being told you're in trouble first thing when you wake up>>>> 😔 
USERNAME hahahah i fuckin wish . she found the bud bitched at me for a good 5min and flushed it 😔 
USERNAME i woke up at 3 & couldnt go back to sleep :( 
USERNAME way to ignore me for a whole day ! thanks ! 😣 
USERNAME aghh ! :( i'm sorry ! i was free around then too . 
i really miss tae forreal . ain't seen him since june :( 
USERNAME i think i just need to not be a pansy . easier said than done i suppose . :( 
listenin to #eheads reminds me of my youth . dang im old :-( 
i thought turning my phone off last night would be nice , but it only made things worse . 😔 
haven't figured out what i'm doing for my birthday yet . had a plan but that whole area got torn by hurricane sandy 😔 😒 😠 😩😤💦💨🏢💦💨🏪💦💨🏫 
panera on this brisk morning . just to study 😔 
USERNAME i'm so sorry ... it's so tough ! :-( 
can't believe i just got that news , love you pep , you will be missed . 😔 
today is a fucking depressing day for me :( (( 
i literally think i won't have any free time from now until like 6:00 😔 
USERNAME thanks ! i am so excited . i'm growing up so fast . 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME :( so stupid . i'll be home the tuesday before thanksgiving , see ya then ! ? 
USERNAME ): well y'all need to come to the house for thanksgiving and if i come down this weekend , i'll come see you . 
i always don't want to go to my first class , get up anyway . and class is cancelled . #fml 
good morning tweeps ! #tgif fever is in the running wild this morning . in my case , blah ! i still have to work tomorrow :( 
i fucking hate when people use reversed psychology on me .... stop 😭 💔 
this senior meeting is making me feel so old 👵 😭 
ughh i hate this 2 hour delay shit . i'm so off guard now . 😐 😕 😦 😶 😑 
USERNAME same i worked so hard on that fucking ytv contest but no . i just wanna meet themm :( 
i don't understand how you can be best friends with someone for years & then one day just don't give a fuck #depressing 
USERNAME then thats wen i pop up & break yoo fucking neck <<<< :( 
USERNAME aw yeah me too lol i'm readyy to get back to realityy .. not school tho :( 
my head hurts so bad i don't even want to go look for my car 😭 😣 i hate my life . 
god damnit now i have to carry balloons at school ... 😞 not that i'm not grateful i just don't like this 
in dier need of a new ipod mine won't charge at all :( 
it was incredibly difficult to leave elijah this morning . when will this get easier ? cause i can't live like this forever :( 
USERNAME out of touch ! lost the game . obama played basketball what does that tell you ? this obama really smart and really grea t.t rust ! 
i need alkaseltzer , a dutch & a bagel #thatkindamorning #fml 
about to fail this test right now ! #noconfident #didntstudy #fml 
USERNAME hahah oh nice ! i have the 4 😞 
fucckk i don't wana go to school or work today :( 
USERNAME me and annie are going out of town :( but maybe ill see you today cause were not at school and we will be with dee at 12 
still haven't ate sense wednesday at noon , except half of a breadstick last night #wtf #imdying :( 
r . i . p grandma :'( one thing i wish you knew i love you <3 
i really hope this class goes by fast so i can go home and nap before work 😔 💤 
USERNAME aww . i'm in class right now :( ... 
i just want to be done with school . 😞 
there's something about winter time that brings back so many memories 😔 😣 😕 
too early to be in class ! been up since 6am :( #wayne state #college 
my day is just soo ruinedd 😔 😩 😭 😭 
why do i feel like i'm the only one in this class of 200 that doesn't know anyone ? oh wait ... 😔 
holy shit my knee hurts so bad today 😭 😭 
USERNAME smrc mrzim vikend specijalno ovaj :'( moram kuci poci :'( 
anybody know where she live so i can pick it up because i think shell forget it 😥 
USERNAME sandy was so strong that a herald petrel a sea like bird under someones mailbox in pennsylvania and it did not make it :( 
USERNAME that's what i'm trying to do ! they're booked through january . :[ 
USERNAME USERNAME they must of had shatty best friends ! i miss you guys :( 
i need USERNAME to come home . she gives the best advice and i turned to her for everything . to bad shes halfway around the world . :( 
looks like since i'm putting off studying this weekend ... my whole next week is a study session 😢 
i have the most painful hiccups ever right now :( what the hell 😷 😣 #ouch 
i fare you well bed til' we see each other tonight </3 .. 
nobody new has snap chatted me :( send me some snapchat names ! ! ! 
USERNAME yess ! they drank my sprite in first period . :( 
USERNAME it hurts so bad .. her kidneys are failing . 😭 😭 😭 
it's so sad how no one likes you anymore :( no literally . when you used to be like my bestfriend . 
USERNAME nothing in class , so bored :( how about you ! ? 
USERNAME i honestly don't even know how it happens 😢 
i feel so shitty because i can't kick it with sahara for her birthday . 😔 #bitter 
wish i was with my boyfriend right now . 😓 💔 
going to say goodbye to parents , have no idea when ill see them next :( 
USERNAME i miss you to babes 😔 what are you doing tonight ? ? ? 
performing in ct this weekend . of course it brings memories :( 
oh no , i don't remember where i put my dust plug . :c 
USERNAME please dn't cut it ): that's my dream hair ! 
USERNAME can u get me some food i'm hongryy :( ( lol 
USERNAME :( wah ! what're you doing sunday ? ! 
cause he's a really good boyfriend till he started smoking spice .. :( 
USERNAME 😢 ill be at work ! you'll love it here ! rooting for you to come so i can show you all the ropes 😊 
when you forget to turn on your heater and wake up to a freezing room #sadtweet 
USERNAME i know why u feel that way- i grew up among communists & more of my family members were killed after ii . ww than in the war :( 
i think i want you more and more each day . i shouldn't of have you my heart . cause now playing with it like it's a toy :( . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i miss my wala babe too :( feel better love ♡ ♡ ♡ ♡ 
USERNAME i miss you moree ): it goes both ways you know ! 
this headache . totally hit me like a train . 😥 🚂 
USERNAME where you movin ? ! you leavin da woods :( ? 
i shld have talked to #oomf like i started to smh now i can't even make things right cause the feds got him :( 
half of the dream team gone today ... #sadday USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
first nightmare in a long time about that night hahaha i woke up crying 😭 😭 
USERNAME if i call mrs nugent one more time and she doesn't answer 😿 
if i had a nickel for everytime this girl said 😔 bitch step up your oral presentation swag 
USERNAME i'm up lol but i don't wanna move soo cold :( not cold 
USERNAME USERNAME aww i miss you both ! ! :( </3 
"USERNAME kill me now 😭 URL i was there a few days ago , i sleep all the way thro it . lol . 
USERNAME i was about to tweet you something funny , but i forgot what it was :( 
USERNAME haha i'm not going :( but i really want too 
someone from niagara college bring me a wayne poster :( 
wish i could go to cortaca :( have funn USERNAME 
USERNAME you look so pretty in your picture ! i miss you 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME a lot of my disinterest as of late has to do with thom’s voice… often too whiney for me now :( 
i am attracted to the wrong people . #badboys #ohwell 😣 
"USERNAME i know yal living it up tonight for chases bday ! USERNAME haha shame USERNAME :'( 
USERNAME we always think its worth it until the next day ! 😣 lol 
USERNAME it's going to be an situation . the funny thing is it hurts the obama voters mos t.t hey just don't get it ! they will . 
USERNAME oh no :( that's awful ! will you be recovered in time for soccer ? 
USERNAME USERNAME well whatever it is you know it has to be black 😣 
pretty upset that high school football is preventing me from watching live with kelly this morning . #sadtweet 
i miss my momma and my hometown . it's impossible too move on from the place where you grew up , especially when it's as small as ashland 😔 
USERNAME i’m all for having our own music . you should look into that for us . my guy isn’t going to help us :( 
close reading and satire give me a headache 😭 😒 #ih8apenglish 
the who is playing at the coliseum tonight and i have to miss out on it . :( #sadtweet #musicfanatic 
USERNAME would love my house ! ! ! the wifi works ! ! ! ! miss you love :( 
good morning texts aren't as cute when you didn't respond to the seven good night texts 9 hours ago #fml 
i miss USERNAME more than anything in the whole world ... #imissmybff #sadtweet 
i miss you so much but i dont think you see it </3 #heartbroken 
well look out rt 30 cause here i come again ugh #fml 
my mind is telling me let go . but my heart is telling me to stay . i hate this . ): . 
i think i had an asthsma attack , that shit never happens 😣 
he's at the orienta house till sunday for his dui 😞 😥 
hope we get it right this time ... i really needs my phone . :( 
USERNAME tell me about it ... i think it's time for a bowling night back at home ! :( 
i'm about to bomb this test next block . idkk shit in there ! #fml #failure #tests 
omg i had to drink that shit now i got another full bottle . :( i feel like throwing up 
USERNAME shut up . i hate you . shits gonna be all awkward now ! ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME i wont be there :( but i miss you too ! you'll have to join USERNAME in my neck of the woods sometime ! ! 
at fairmont , waiting on my parents and they're morgantown ): 
USERNAME hahaha i had to . i only played for an hour yesterday :( 
my one year anniversary is this week , really wondering how i survived lmao 😭 
did USERNAME favorite it because of the dieing part or the rush part ? :( lol 
i said something so rude cause i misunderstood im soo sorry plz forgive :( 
i hate getting my hopes up and then someone not coming through for me #sadtweet #disappointed 
USERNAME i still have facebook . i want tumblr . :( 
USERNAME yea same here ! ! i wanted presale but couldn't do it at that time :( but anyways i'm already like super excited about it ! 
hate feelin sick . jus wanna crawl back in my warm bed n sleep :( 
who forgot to buy a scan tron . this guy .... who's not taking this tes t.t he nigga next to me cause i jacked that bitch and moved while he left 
watching a movie about a patient who's not all the way anesthetized during surgery can hear the drs plotting his death #ohmygod 😭 
i can't wait to hear from my boyfriend today ! this whole not being able to text or call really sucks 😒 😞 
i miss my long hair 😩 😭 😫 but some how i just end up cuttin my hair shorter & shorter 😒 
USERNAME i actually have to take cam to the airport at noon then i work at 4 :( 
USERNAME lmfao ! as tears are rolling down my face :'( 
just kidding . i don't wanna home bc that means work next week 😥 
dropping aubs off at the vet <<<< its only a few days .. i can do this :( miss her already ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you guys were just so funny ! ! ! 😣 😔 
USERNAME are you kidding ? jack's had me up since 4:45. his fever was 103.6. :( 
when this gas madness will end ? crazy long lines in the gas stations ...... :( 
good thing i set my alarm for 8pm instead of 8am #fml 
USERNAME no i haven't sorry :( we've both looked everywhere . 
i have many things to say to #lafayettedrivers but one is use your fucking blinker ! ! ! ! 😡 😬 😾 
heading to dallas & going straight to the doctor . i just want all of this to be over . 😔 
i'm even sicker then i was yesterday 😭 😭 omg 
i love how i can't sit back cause the idiot in back of me keeps sneezing on me #fml 
okay . shingles are by far the second worse pain i have ever been in my whole life .. :( 
i have a triathlon tomorrow and it just started to snow ! awesome .... :( 
my dreams have been so fucked up 😏 😵 😦 
i slept for 10 hours and i'm still tired 😞 
don't wanna don't wanna go to work 😫 but i need money 😔 
USERNAME i miss you :( (( lol but you do have gross food taste lmao jk jk 
darn it i over slept ! ! ! ! 😦 😧 
USERNAME be careful guyss ! don't die on me :( (((( 
rt "USERNAME i had the most terrible , realistic dream ever ” me to :( 
USERNAME bitch . shut the fuck up . lmao . i can't help it 😔 lmao ! 
so i was going to stop by starbucks but there's like 28199282 people :'( 
good luck on your surgery today , USERNAME 😁 😢 💜 
just got to school . 😔 shouldn't have came . 
then i get all disappointed because i have no text . #foreveralone 😭 
i don't wanna do shit but lay down && go back to sleep ... i got one class today;; 11:15-12:10 && then work :( ughh 
gonna walk around with my ps3 until i find a store to fix it :'( :'( 
bkn must plays :( g . wallace out)d . williams , j . johnson , b . lopez . cj . watson & k . humphries are worth a start in deep leagues . #bmffantasy 
never have i been more frustrated and disappointed for a friday morning #mumfordfail :( w / USERNAME 
the kittens have escaped ! ! there are currently 10 cats here :( 
kemayai' just kicked tf outta me , think she broke my ribs :( 
wishes oakdale had a starbucks so bad this morning 😔 😴☕ #tired #starbucks #yumm 
USERNAME nawreet canada ! why there's no time toronto wants u too :( ☹ 
i'm so nauseated :( drinking rum just completely ruins me 
enlarged spleen . inner ear infection . ulcer . #fml 
these days teen should be feeling butterfly's not baby's kicking in there stomach ! ! ! #fml -_- 
USERNAME ha , you gone do me like that ? ! 😔 
hate being sick in college , just want my mom to come take care of me :( wahh 
USERNAME so . update soon for iphone 5 ? and in #ebayapp when will #sendinvoice be an option ? love watching auction on mobile . then that's it ! :( 
i wish there was a tv in the bathroom , i get so bored when i'm getting ready 😔 
lost my voice completely ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i can't :( will i see you later ? 
USERNAME what the heck is 1,75 ? ? ? ? :( ( i feel like .. so left out 
i hate having a three hour class on fridays 😢 
USERNAME i just might ! i've been eating to go but now everyone's in town ! ! ! i miss you too :( 
the new facebook app is confusing me . 😣 why must they change so often . #confused 
USERNAME USERNAME on my way home from dr appt . i can't come to your party sat :( they're making me work . 
USERNAME no i meant like if you were awake & omg i'm soo bored :'( 
USERNAME oh hush . i can't even make myself get out of the bed .. :( 
getting ready for this interview #hopeigetit USERNAME its a t.t arget , any pointers ? 
USERNAME i just might ! i miss you too :( 
i'm sorry for upsetting patrisha , i do feel bad for hurting her . i wouldn't that happening to me #imsorry #sadtweet 
people saying a look rough , probs cause USERNAME hasn't cut my hair :( 
enlarged spleen . inner ear infection . ulcer . #stress #fml 
middle seat on the 787 orr first class on a 737 ? :( still would have liked the 787. 
USERNAME wow , i'm so sorry :( i hope your recovery goes well ! 
i deeply regret waiting til today to do all my math lab hours 😔 🔫 
USERNAME lol might be free later . my mom lost my passport spin might now go to the show in canada 😔 
USERNAME no phone no car no basketball and i have to get a job ! #fml 
rest in peace to the greatest ! sau aka ceegee paongo ! condolences to my sister nisi n her kids :'( 
USERNAME i took vid but not all :( (((i ddnt take pics at all;(((( 
i shouldn't have to tell you ..... smh right is right and wrong is wrong :( 
its feels funny when i get to halsey st an i just think about everything :-( 
missing my grandpa a lot today . visited him and felt him by me . r . i . p . 😢 wish he would come back . 
i said i played sports and dallen said if intense drinking is a sport then yeah 😭 😭 😭 😭 
so sick , this can't be life 😷 not on the weekend 😭 
USERNAME 😭 i won't be able to come on saturdays ever 😩 that's my work day . does anything go on on fridays ? 
USERNAME :( i miss you ! ! please send me beautiful snapchats ! 
USERNAME sorry about your loss 😔 your family is in my prayers . hope everything is ok with your car also 
didn't sleep all night & now i'm definitely paying for it . #headache #sosick #stressed :( 
idk what the hell i did to my ankle but its fucking killing ... nd got work lata oh greatt </3 #thissucks #fuckedupankles #storyofmylife 
i can't believe USERNAME just told me she was getting mcdonald's breakfast then broke my heart by not bringing me some :( 
last night was a crazy experience .. wish i left with digits tho 😞 
i have issues :( these are only my american nail polish at home i have like 3 times more :/ i @ lincoln park URL 
more notes from #devlearn 2012. what i learned from USERNAME (fake it to make it ): URL 
i don't have the energy to get through the rest of the day ... at all . #needcoffee #someonebringmesome :( 
USERNAME USERNAME oh ok . you let her drive the first time she asks . why ? ! you never let me drive :( 
i hate it when the office has no phone service :( #firstworldproblems 
every time i eat greasy fried foods my stomach hates me for it . 😣 
what if she rejects my board in front of the entire class ? ! im fcked . 😭 😩😫 
co worker just told me she drove to ohio to vote for o .. she lives an works in ky .. is this legal ? ? ? btw shes lesbian :( :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i hear your ❤ beat to the beat of the drums . oh what a 😔 that you came here with 👫 but now your here in my 💪💪 ! ! ! 
i wish i had a reset button so i can start all over and do things right this time 😞 
lmao rt USERNAME too early to be hateful . hit me after noon b . rt USERNAME USERNAME i hate you :( 
i need USERNAME 2 help me bake non burnt/dry cupcakes 😞 & USERNAME 2 help me make liquados&oatmeal🍧 but they're both in narnia ! 😒 
worst day ever . :( i need to smoke like 8000000 cigarettes to feel better :/ 
forgot i was sick until i coughed 😒 😷 it's gunna be a long ass day/night #readysetgo 😔 
USERNAME you're gonna punch mowgli ? ! 🙀 😧 😭 
had to bring my baby to the hospital :( i hope he doesn't have asthma ! ! ! :( 
*picks u up of ground* oh shit oh shit . ! are you okay ? ! 😧 
when your boyfriend is gonna get signed out >>> # :( 
i feel bad that i never text people back sometimes , mostly cause in always with people and have no point to text anyone 😣 😣 😣 
dallo just blow me lame ass . :( he bett not say nun else to me ., goffey ass . 
that last retweet had me rolling . 😭 😭 😭 
i don't wanna be up and i don't wanna go to work ... ): at least i have tomorrow off . 
one final view ... goodbye savannah beach :'( @ savannah beach URL 
my dog decided to come into my room today to puke specifically on my bed . which made me forget to grab my money so i can get some coffee :( 
lost my wallet please if you find it let me know 😞 
ahh for what ? ! this sucks , i'm traveling for vb :( 
finna get started on changing my room around , we can't keep sleeping by this window . :( 
USERNAME i've been a fan for 12 years & you are the reason i'm still alive . i couldn't meet you in mn :( please follow me ? 
i don't want to make breakfast ... it's one of those things i have to do . wahh 😢 
worst feeling ever is not knowing where your wallet is 😖 😣 
i still didn't get to try halo 4 ... :-( i wish i had friends 
need this wkend to come well actually sunday since that's my only free day 😿 
walk out of my apartment to see the bus pulling away 😣 👎 
i wish my ny fam was here to rage with me tho 😔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
wish i had a four day weekend like them hs kids . :( lol . jk . i have a 3 day weekend every week ! #college 
not speaking to your best guy friend in months bc you live miles apart and he no longer has internet or a cell phone . #missyou . </3 
USERNAME love you ! 😊 💛 💙 💜 #missyou #comeback 😭 
USERNAME waah i wanna meet them . i'm gonna be so distracted in school today :( 
i'm so excited yet sad , that my college years are coming to an end :/ these were the quickest 4 years of my life ! :( 
USERNAME no i dont miss you i just have no one to pick on :c 
USERNAME USERNAME does it matter if we do it saturday ? ! because i have to drive back to school early sunday now :( 
waiting .... waiting waiting 😔 @ mgm grand business center URL 
USERNAME i've said this so many times but life is not the same without you guys . nothing is better or can even compare to those times 😭 💔 
miss you . i've been busy these past few days . sorry . :'( USERNAME 
phone already bout to die ! :( i have 3 classes to sit through 
i legitimately cannot stand to watch cyberbully . that scene when she's freaking the fuck out trying to get the cap off the meds ... :'( 
USERNAME lawd u sexy ! ! ! i miss u :-( 
my life is not the same without ms belottie 😢 
sick af -____- i just wanna curl up and die . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME look what USERNAME did to this poor squirrel 😢 URL 
my mom never answers the phone when i need her 💔 
USERNAME it's okay :( an ya i know remember he said he went on a road trip to california or something haha 
thought about not coming to class , but i'm here 😔 
USERNAME aww mann . lol wish mine would grow so i could but i bite them when i'm bored or nervous wahh👎 😭 😪 😥 
sample on amazon yet unable to purchase , :-( #amazon #mp3 #breakchains #tashacobbs #worship #graced USERNAME URL 
every1 is in school so i have no1 to text 😭 
i have never felt so much pain and been so sick at the same time :( 
slept 12 hours last night on accident and now i feel worse than i do on days i get less than 6 😴 😣 #spoonie #fibro 
i'm so tired though i went to sleep at 12:00 😒 😭 
“USERNAME everyone wins on both sides of the aisle with fares from $77 (+restr ): URL 😵 
pissed my girl USERNAME won't be at the pep rally 😩 😭 
i want to see my littles now , but both are asleep 😥 #thestruggles #sororitygirlproblem #sororitytweets 
USERNAME i work until 10 and it's far . 😔 i wanna see you today ! let's get breakfast . 
florida will not be as fun without emily . 😞 😕 
oo thomas didn't tell you ? :( i'm slammed with school work . not gonna make it 😢 
i have to go to stupid class at 3 :( 
okay ... one quadruple recipe of lamington does not fill two pans ... only one ... off to the store for more ingredients ... :-( 
USERNAME what time are you done ? i work too :( not sure til when o: 
my suits not gonna make it in time :( guess ill wear the fsii 
i some crack so i can stay awake at work :( 
i miss my prom dress :( lol .. time to play dress up ;) 
USERNAME echar código es un arte . hacer cine también . USERNAME puede hacer los dos . #luckybastard :( 
sheilyn just got me mad hyped for nothing :( lol 
omg lamar is leaving khloè ! khloè was such a dedicated wife and she loved him so much </3 #soshocked #kardasians . 
i'm about to cry :'( due to health issues , i may have to reschedule my next fight .... grrgh . 
last night = 😷😴 😔 i don't even know how i got into lane , ended up the student section , and slept during the entire game . #oops 
trying to call in to the USERNAME show so USERNAME can tell a joke . no luck so far :( 
i feel like shit and so empty inside 😔 today's gonna be an awful day .. 
at the drs office , all the baby is doing is crying . po baby 😔 #makesmewannacry 
USERNAME aw :( well let me know when you wanna do something ! 
having these talks about my dads not being here to watch me grow up are to emotional for me 😫 😭 💔 
it's really upsetting when my mom just orders her plane ticket right in front me . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME too bad they're basically sold out :( i tried from the second it turned 10 o'clock , no luck 
USERNAME i ask myself that every day :( i needs grow them out ! 
i wish i can skip this whole heart break step and get to the point where i'm happy that i'm single 😔 
USERNAME good looking at tv waiting on my home gurl to come over think her boyfriend cheated on her :( 
USERNAME such a lie you told me yesterday its impossible for you to wait for me thats why you never do :'( 
USERNAME lily is to picky :-( . lets wait till i get moved . i've been craving it lately 
i don't care how bad of a person you are , no one should have to die alone . 😭 
gettin myself into some trouble . 😫 😠 👿 😾 fuck you autocorrect . USERNAME URL 
sometimes i hate having dreams ! ! ! ! ! 😔 😔 😒 
i wish we had a game today 😢 i probably woulda played 
USERNAME never has time to hang out with me anymore 😢 
totally forgot about USERNAME fifth birthday on november 1st :( 
my cramps are so bad ugh i wanna cry :( 
i just ate and i'm still hungry . wtf ? ! ): 
fml , whoever got me sick again is a asshole .. i feel awful :( ( 
i just want a bagel from dunkin donuts with lots and lots of cream cheese . is that to much to ask for ? 😔 
i came home and my parent shove indian food down my throat :( i now got 99 problems and all of them is calories . 
pinteres t.t umblr . twitter . music .... all i need in life 
USERNAME have fun sissa ! ! wish i was with you :( 
USERNAME ugh your lame :( your an horrible excuse of a best friend ! ! ! 
USERNAME , yes ma'am . cpe , cpe , cpe . geez . c p freakin e mo fo ! 😯 😧 😮 😦 
USERNAME um please . i'm in cpp withdrawals :( #bestieproblems 
i feel like a bum for being on twitter a d i'm suppose to b taking a test . it's hard af tho .. 😔 
i hope USERNAME is doing ok . i know today is really hard for her . 😔 
USERNAME interested n working at makeup forever boutiqueUSERNAME advice who i can get n touch with n regards to tha t.t hank you 
member when me andUSERNAME use to be tight now we loose as a shoe string :-( 
dumbest people have a better grade than me in math ! #fml what the hell is going on .. 
omg as i run across my ex picture ... jennifer hudson wur u at starts playing 😢 
they promised me a picture with USERNAME in the photo booth then he left while i was in line . so sad i wanna cry :( 
USERNAME hahaha . no shame ! i missed seeing you last night . sorry the plans got screwed up 😔 
i hate seeing a girl cry about their boyfriend cause i hated that shit ! i wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy ! 😭 😩 😯 
i miss the feeling of being cared about . 😔 
um USERNAME it's going .. lol .. they made me mop the other day .. 😔 .. &&i had no runner .. 
if you don't tell me what's wrong , then i can't help you 😔 
USERNAME what about me ? ? ? ! ! ? 😭 😠 😫 
USERNAME you say this as i'm going to the gym 😔 
USERNAME who the hell knows ? ! i no likey :( i miss my klit 
USERNAME i wish i got a 4-day weekend ! 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME 🕘 😢 u guys didnt invite me ! ! 
it's fucked up when you gotta look for another barber on your bday weekend smh . last cut da nigga push me back so far ... i fired his ass / :( 
how can you tell me it's not busy , are you guys dumb ! do you not hear me . #fml #itsbusy 
#ificouldchangeonethingaboutmyself i'd change my skin 😔 i'd give a lot for perfect skin 
chicago is the only place i want to be right now 😔 
USERNAME im sad because you wont ever tweet me :( 
USERNAME glad yours is good . i've learned that i am a true klutz ! ! it is what it is :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME gayy blops is more important lol what u wanna do ? mall trip and drool over everything we can't have :( 
initiation ... everyone meet my new big sister 😭 love you kaiti ! USERNAME @ esperanza high school URL 
if i did not have a huge english test 9th period today , i would not be sitting here in school right now . #fml 
i was looking forward to seeing susan's work and process :( the nighttime story was a bit much . #rgddt 
USERNAME whats going on :( && ive been good things been looking up for me ... but whats going on hunz ? ? ? 
awh man i forgot we had a pep rally 😔 
USERNAME wow it's so pretty i wish i could but it may look a little to similar to he brides dress 😳 😁 😔 
damn just thought about it i got to write a two 12 page papers #fml 
its raining and i walk to school :( i keep telling myself getting soaking wet builds character . 
warm sweater with no hood or a thin one with a hood ? #decisions 😞 ☔☁ 
but it doesn't even matter cause it seems i have no friends this weekend . 😭 
USERNAME i wish mine was cuddly ! she just likes to play :( 
math class . 😔 and my psychology exam . then nap time and sex in the city . 
it's going to be one of those busy fridays :( #eighttofive 
i've been awake since 4am and really didnt get sleep #fml 
USERNAME i feel you , lol might as well check that off as a project done on your own 😧 
USERNAME why you no come to school ? ? ? ? :'( 
shit i shouldve went to the game with alex . 😔 😒 
i dropped a pineapple on my phone and now the home button is sticking . #fml 
ughh it's gunna be a long day . 😞 👎 
i miss coach suarez as my spanish teacher .. #sadtweet 
i never thought i would have to force myself to drink marylou's #pain 😖 😷 😥 🔫 
USERNAME oh my ... i'm so sorry ... this is just awful . 😞 
i need to go to the grocery store ... only for milk tho :( 
USERNAME sorry i was sleeping 😦 i'm goin to school today 
i need to something for energy . so ran down lately and can barely stay awake . :( 
80e @ 8th (sf ): :roadwork ahead left lane closed on bridge (was: slow down 35 mph curve 3 miles ahead) 
USERNAME definitely mad you you . i would have loved to see you 😿 🍻 
my mom will never be happy with my grades 😢 
there goes my alarm . 😭 time to shower 😢 
i hope USERNAME is okay . 😔 we're both sick at the same time 
USERNAME i'm sorry . people are complete jerks sometimes . 😔 
kung may collage , eh ano yung photo college ? :( 
oh how im gonna miss USERNAME when she leaves me for vegas today ahh :( #balloutbitch ! #bffmoment 
USERNAME wah ! i wanna see you tonight ! i miss ya 😔 💔 
i just want to get drunk and do ratchet hood monkey things with my friends . :( 
i feel lazyy to go to school today t.t nak guling2 je seharian . 
i’m a cold hearted motherfucker when it comes to y’all now . 💔 
dear USERNAME i hope you know scalpers took all your tickets . now true fans can't see you in camden/philly . 😥 
i get got to work and already want to go home it going to be a long day but hope my boo coming to work today :-( 
i really don't wasn't to get up this morning ): #goodmorning #earlybird 
USERNAME i still feel their pain , from their broken heart's . having to start from salt & pepper , right down to under garment's . sad :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i know court , you're always right ! :( #thanksmom #momofthehouse 
this exam killed me it was so long and 1 hour to complete it 😞 i hope i did well 
:( why you gotta put me out like that lol 
USERNAME i miss you so much too ! 😢 are you still free on fridays ? 
i'm really gonna miss not seeing joey every other day next semester ! 😱 😭 
just that one class , won't let me get honors this quarter 😔 😞 😓 
USERNAME you suckk -___- ima be soo bored i'm not gonna have anyone to laugh at stupid shit with :( 
just dropped louie off for his first time at doggie day care ... so sad ! 😥 
i can't handle school ... even if it is friday .... 😞 
well . couldn't fall back asleep . 😣 what to do on saturday though ? i have all this alc and nothing to do .. amazes me 
USERNAME i sold my tickets ! my sisters baby shower got scheduled for this weekend ! :( bummed ! 
this music was good music ! ! #missit on the radio :( haha URL 
working so hard for something and realizing its not as great as you thought it would be 😔 
USERNAME i am ! 😔 let me know how it goes ! #funfun 
USERNAME i miss you too my best best bestest buddy in the best better bestest world . 😢 
why did i wake up thinking today was saturday & i didn't have to work ? :( it's cold , my body aches , i have a research paper due , & i'm tired ! 
USERNAME hahahaha i agree ! ! i can't wait . seriously i need you and all our muncie friends back in my life 😔 
so tired no sleep the last two days 😞 #needsleep 
my eyes feel like they have sand paper in them . 😣 
wish i was going to the brantley gilbert concert ! 😔 😒 
i don't get why people get dressed , it's just school .. i'm just like oh okay i'm wearing a big sweater , hollahh🙌 😔 
having carpal tunnel in my hands does not help when i'm texting 😭 . my thumbs shake 😠 . 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm working this weekend ... :( 7-11 tonight , 5-9 tomorrow , and 12-4 on sunday . pleasee tell me you're working ! ! 
can someone come to mckains class and do this work for me :( 
USERNAME we miss you ! ! ! :( come back to us 
aww :( im all alone .... i miss my boo :,( 
USERNAME i have been d: i'm scared for jury though :c 
USERNAME stage 4, with crohans , hit the lymph-nodes . terminal . not this time unfortunately . 😢 
i wish i had endless amounts of money 😿 #sadtweet #broketweet 
i hate that work had kept me from here now it's like i've never been :( 
this mfer just asked me so i b high off da lord ! ! ! gsfw ! ! ! im cryin ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i think , i want .... some french fries ! ! to bad my bay ain't here to make em for me :-( 
hold on to the end i what i intend to do 💔 
USERNAME well your lazy and won't switch with me 😔 
the day hasn't even started & want it to be over 😞 💤😴 
USERNAME :( i have never seen you but i bet you’re beautiful 
USERNAME damn it .. why don't i ever work with you 😭 
USERNAME we have gone like a whole month without talking to each other ! #sadtweet #missyou ! ! 
USERNAME lmfao girl i'm in my feelings bout not going now aint shot going on over here :( 
“USERNAME can i have this now ? pleasee :'( URL diabetes .. sure 
USERNAME maria ... don't be mad at me ... :( 
USERNAME aww (crying) 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 i miss u 2 ... it's going to another week before we see each other ... 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
noo ! i left my charger at home 😩😫 😭 it's gonna be a long day ! ! ! ! 
these family problems are really getting the best of me 😥 😖 
i don't get any of this math crap and my test is due today ! 😖 #fml 
USERNAME 😰 😱 😭 oh no ! i can't go back til tuesday so i am currently living in my bed . and it sucks . i hope you feel better soon 🙏 😘 
USERNAME alfonso i don't have a big butt and i'm not a hoe :( 
USERNAME lol i work today til 5 then tomarrow all day til 8 :( 
my baby is at her 4 mth shots with her nina . :( 
my don't love me anymore ! ! 😭 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME the only one that half way tries is USERNAME 
USERNAME miss u so much :( im so sick i have no voice lmao wish u were coming home today 
ask me wassup , not your broke ass nigga 😭 
USERNAME awh i only have videos ): sorry ! but i could send you those ! 
alred angelo is giving me a headache 😒 😔 #iwantmydress 
today isn't my day i feel bland and like blahh 😒 😞 😣 
mr grahams friday fun quizes are the best #sike #fml 
USERNAME shew good me and the kids would cry 😔 
USERNAME i do ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
sin city rules (formerly known as ): premiering december 2012 ... amy c . han… URL via USERNAME 
USERNAME yea it is ;) we always hav to make the first move , we hav to do most of the work , and were just exspected to just be more :( 
damn fine and fun case for why it's hip to be square ! USERNAME rocks this great little book (stocking stuffer ? ): URL 
USERNAME i knoww :( i heard paranormal 4 wasn't that good tho 
i wish that the good out weighed the bad 😞 URL 
USERNAME i'm in florida right now ! ! tomorrow is my last day here tho ... :'( i'm gonna miss it here ... 
my hands are fureezing right now :( this is no bueno ! 
USERNAME why do you hate me ? ? ? :( everytime your tweeting i try to get noticed but i mere get noticed :( i still love you mikey <3 
USERNAME right ! sike no job no money no money no fun :( 
😞 💀 #morning #cold #blanket #pillow #eyebags @ my bed <3 URL 
it's a sad day when your roll of sweet tarts has one blue and the rest purple and orange :'( 
just slammed my finger in the door 😳 😐 😕 😟 😧 😩😫 😢 😭 
alil bored what game shall i get into on this cold ass day :( 
day two with out timmy in the morning :( gotta fight the addiction 
USERNAME i have class till 5 ... gay gay class 😔 i would if i could ! 
i think i need to put together a top 10 list of greatest pop songs for USERNAME - runaway , there she goes… he’s so misguided ! :-( 
i'm still waiting on my government , fema , visa card . USERNAME time , before katrina & rita . we got swept under , the government rug . gone is gone . :'( 
can it be thanksgiving break yet so i can get away from this shitty weather :( #arizona #cantwait 
USERNAME i'm jealous you got out . i have another year here and even after that , my family lives here so it's home :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME my mom wouldn't bring me subway so no food from me :'( 
ugh nothing is going as plan i swear , ! #fml :/ 
me USERNAME aren't as close as we use to be :( #missyou ! ! 
does anyone have any medicine & wanna give me some ? #sick #dying ) ): 
my life is about to do a 360 & i just feel like sitting home and crying all day :( 
j'ai bien fait de faire l'ouverture à 9h , le soleil est déjà en train de se barrer :( @ john hancock center URL 
USERNAME it's gone ! ! ! ! ! noo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME stopp i'm gonna fix everything babe i'll be back out :( 
in gwinett county .... i won't be in albany tonight 😔 i'll be in dekalb ... bittersweet .. 
my dad hates me and won't pick me up from school #fml 
time goes by so slow when you're waiting for something . 😔 
USERNAME robberies in phx seem like they are up . mcd in tempe , now surprise . sad :( 
wish all my friends didn't have plans tonight i'm tryna have the time of my mf life ughh #sadtweet 
USERNAME well i still have to go to work :( 
i just want a lop eared rabbit .... 😔 🐰 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i got home at 1 ): and had to be up at 530-6 .. suckss 
i miss her face . her warmth and her lips ... :( i can't take it much longer . 
me(with confidence ): how many times you got high . 
completely forgot that i tanked it over a curb last night . explains why my whole body hurts . damn 😢 
USERNAME gah ! i cant find it :( but i havent really looked lol 
USERNAME axxwl yu cant go to the game to support him .. :-( kml . ! 
USERNAME huh ? hey love yesterday was a rough day ! :( lets talk asap though k ? 
daw , kelsey , me sorry i won't be quitting until i find a new one&it isn't working out . 😞 
i didn't think today would hit me so hard 😖 💔 
USERNAME no texts anymore tho that puts me in a sad mood ! ! ! ! 😔 
why do i send tweets to people when no one returns a tweet back :( 
can't believe my ny red bulls lost lastnight 😔 until next season i guess . 
USERNAME *sigh* nope ... know that i'm always longing to be there when i see yall's pics on fb :( 
cant give blood . fuck sickle cell ! :( #fml 
USERNAME no mija :( to my email ? ? ? 
sore from my walk/jog yesterday ! and i mostly walked cuz bandits lazy ass wouldnt run ! #sadtweet #outofshape 
USERNAME USERNAME but ... i thought i was ? .... let me try and hold back my tears now :( 
USERNAME you know , if i'd have taken my step mom up on her offer to go to the game sunday , i'd be in chicago tomorrow :( 
USERNAME aww ! ): i was suppose to talk to chris again last monday before sandy came ./: 
forgot my lunch today . was such a good one too . #notagoodstart 😔 
USERNAME lol . thanks vy boo . i miss you :'( .... can't wait til my party . 
USERNAME lol the ice cream thief part broke my heart 💔 
USERNAME yeahh ! i bought last year but this is barely my second time wearing them :( haha 
me & this kid spraying this indian with air freshener lmfaoo 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME that's exactly where i found it haha isn't it weird ? they're plucking a lark :( 
today is my niece callie's 6th birthday ! ! my baby is growing up way to fast ! 😢 
tonigh t.t onight . club copa 525 s riverfront blvd dallas texas lets go n turn up . i'm in tha mix along with triple dent URL 
USERNAME needs lots prayer ! unfortunately , nobody did their research during this last election ! :( 
it's been suchh a bad morning , just wanna get this day over with & go out tonight 😞 😕 
everything i dont want to think about is always in my mind :'( 
USERNAME ☹ . lol i'm soo mad at you ! 
i hate missing school . and i would be there if i could . :( 
USERNAME i forgot i brung a drink though and it was empty though and how you gone call your best friend a loser :'( 
please , america . don't forget these people . cause when you get dropped to your knees & you have lost all of your precious memories . that's :( 
just to update everyone: i never found my boots i was looking for :( 
tgif . it's been a busy week . and today is gonna be our busiest day . great ! 😔 
my tummy hurts but i really want an eddie special :( 
garnics took my unicorn 😭 😭 😖 😖 😖 😭 😭 😖 😖 😭 😭 
USERNAME i know :( i'm gonna take pictures with you ! ! 
four more hours and my phone is at 15% -_- #fml 
can lt even consintrate .. get better grandpa #illbepraying 😢 🙏 
13. cumada , saat 3ü 13 geçe , 13 numarali evde otururken , babasi 13 plakali ilde askerlik yaparken dogan biriyim . uzak durun bendeenn :( 
i hate driving long distances for one reason only , .. my knees kill me after 2 hours . 😁😁 😢 😢 
USERNAME imm sorry i don't wanna scare you :( and i can't i'm not gonna be here this weekend /: 
ouch ! i cracked my right tooth on a jaw breaker last night :( and it hurts like crap this morning :( 
i have so much to do today and no time to do it . #worktill6 :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i wish i could favorite this over and over and over again ! awhh :( i really miss yall ! 
i wanted a burrito but eddie didn't have money :( 
USERNAME :( i wish there was something i could do her her i'm gina create a hologram 
i'm stressing right now about my schedule all the classes i need to take are getting taken 😞 😢 😓 😕 
USERNAME troubled times indeed my friend ... troubled times indeed ... :( 
USERNAME will i see you tonight though ? ? ? noo 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME me , too ... thanks for the follow ! 💔 
staying at home today because you can't literally move your legs and arms :( ... they hurt like big booty bitch . 
i hate not being able to drink cause of my antibiotics 😔 😔 #sobersally all weekend ! 
i just wanna to home and sleep this off ): 
me van a caer todas las crash notifications de la app #fml 
i can't stand aep . it's like jail . 😔 
today's slowly turning into one of the worst days i've had in a long time 😭 
did USERNAME get my msg ? ! i have like 5 numbers under your name :( URL 
today's going by so slow , i just wanna go home 😭 
USERNAME the trail run is sunday ! we're gonna miss you :( ( 
congrats to all who have a half day today ): 
i really don't see how my day can get any worse 😔 
feel like a newbie ! ! ! ! ahh > :( 
my upper body hurts so bad from shoveling yesterday :( 
dude got shot and died last night at asap ... im so scared for tonight 😖 😖 😖 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME someone's in a bad mood this morning ? ! :( 
end of the school week , start of the work week .. fml :( 
USERNAME we are . where were y'all at ? :( 
USERNAME where are you ? ! me and USERNAME need our honey chex :( 
USERNAME me ! ! mine won't be home til summer :( 
i should've worn a sweater and pants today 😔 #socold 
hah awh bri i miss you too :( lets reunite over winter break ! 
USERNAME USERNAME mann ! ! i just woke up 😪 😢 
USERNAME just got my entire spanish class to text mumford .. i think i deserve tickets just for trying so hard :( #worstluckever 
i hate waking up with a cold ! 😞 good morning everyone *cough , cough* 
USERNAME i've put my social security card somewhere and i have no idea where . and i went to office but there's always a huge line ! :( ( 
finally got some sleep the past couple of nights now time to eat some food if i can #depressed #sad #losttonsofweight 
so i'm at stockton , decide to go to the bathroom , and wonder why i can't find a urinal ... i was in the girls bathroom -__- #fml 
USERNAME oof course not . on my way into jersey :( 
“USERNAME miami heat's alternate white uniforms are revealed (pic ): URL damn 
haven't been struggling this badly in a long time .. i take that back , ever . 😖 😫 😥 
USERNAME aw :( i wish i could listen with uu 
USERNAME lmao got me walking to work though 😔 💂 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME seriously so do i we always had good times . 😔 
rushing my thesis proposal on a friday nyt :( nkakaubos ng energy . 
just saw a seagul walking in the grass . #imiss my chickens . :( 
USERNAME hey look im awake . now your not . merp :( 
USERNAME in such bruins withdrawals . it's not even funny 😭 
USERNAME me too :( you'll will do great ! love you ! good luck ! 
USERNAME no . that is way to much money for me at the time . :( 
just witnessed USERNAME last footsteps in brother rice . i love you man 😢 
USERNAME i have to wait til tomorrow ... :( soccer today ! 
i really want to stay home this weekend .... to relax . i don't want to be waken up at 7:00 when i have to go to bed at 1:00 :( 
USERNAME i miss you ! i hate that i never see you at the lh anymore :( 
USERNAME ohh no . ): just get in his house n steal it ! ! ! hahahaha . we need that #confusedalsonow 
i can't drink my coffee in peace 😩 n is getting cold 😢 ❄ 
USERNAME look who has a twitter . now i can't make fun of my best friend on twitter anymore . 😔 😒 😩 
having to get away from someone because you can't handle their smoker's breath . 😣 😖 😷 
you know news spread fast af ! ! all my big cousins&little cousins got r . i . p meat statuses ! ! ! r . i . p meat :'( tears in my eyes 
going to be a mommy next friday ! ! ! 😭 😰 👶👋🍼 
USERNAME i know , and everybody is all stressed out . 😳 😥 
entro en pánico en 10 min es mi examen :s ahh ! ! ! ! :'( 
we are putting my dog down monday </3 i've had her since i was 6. i'm gonna miss her :'( 
USERNAME awe really shaggy ! :( sad story , ima go i cry in a corner now 
USERNAME thanks girl . i knew you'd be proud . i miss your face . 💔 
USERNAME i for real miss you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! #waah 😣 😥 😭 
USERNAME im nervous . that was the hardest test ever . 😔 
USERNAME :( .. noo ! ! ! i'm fast a . f ! lol 
USERNAME i have to study for great lakes or else i would :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME omg yeah ! that's awesome ! ! ! to bad i'm not 21 yet 😔 . lol 
USERNAME it's not even just me . it's like things i see and just reflect upon at cons . like i just don't get why people start shit . :( 
USERNAME 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 i love you briell 💗 
USERNAME nope . you can't move . you're the carne asada to the taco ! :'( 
woke up pretty happy cause its friday . but then i remembered i have a freakin math test that i'm going to fail 😣 
i'm soo tired and can't seem to fall back asleep :( 
i miss my two best friends ... USERNAME and USERNAME :( 
USERNAME house ,& the senate control obama ... lets be wise enough to lighten up on modern energy :c oal&oil restrictions and ... 
USERNAME rodd ! why are you moving so far ? :( 
i feel like i shouldn't have gotten out of bed this morning . 😞 
last night was horrible . braxton hicks contractions ain't no joke :( ( i thought i was gonna die last night ! ! 
my mouth hurts soo . much worse . today :( ((((( 
i hate mathh 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i never have a partner or group to work with in 3rd hour ): #lonely 
USERNAME they're so cute ! they hate cats though . :( 
someone come visit me at work ill be so bored 😞 
i haven't seen USERNAME for so long . #sadtweet . 
this is gunna suks thank god i have work all weekend bc i need something to keep my mind of her whn she is with him ): 
i hate it when my bladder wakes me up ): 
hates being sick ! ! & haveing to take breathing treatments ! :( #hateit . 
those veterans day assemblies bring tears to my eyes every year ! 😥 
really don't wanna bring my baby to the vet . he gets such bad anxiety . it just breaks my heart 😩 💔 
USERNAME aww .. duude . :( i like , wanna carry you now . :'( 
i'm pretty sure i was running a fever in my sleep last night .. & now i have fever blisters all over my mouth :( 
USERNAME haha i closed my eyes the whole time .. so i have no idea .. eventually i fell asleep haha hate scary movies .. cos i live alone :( 
these svu episodes are the reason why my hw isn't getting done right now 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME it's because of binjo's new avatar isn't it ? :( 
USERNAME i am ): haha im prob just going to the farm anyways so ill only be in gi for a little bit ! 
guys i would like for you to pray for me please i'm going through a hard time right now . :( with my husband being deployed and all .... :( 
USERNAME i have a cold bruce leroy 😔 i wish i was just cold but i have a sore throat lol what's up ! you workin ? 
USERNAME awee :( well if anything theyre just hating bitches that need to look in the mirror before they say shit -.- not worth your time 
woke up early to check out equipment for the movie and the labs don't open till noon now . #fml 
it sucks knowing that i can't have you anymore , i feel like it was my fault for caring so much ! i miss you ! </3 
USERNAME opo . bakit galit na galit ? :( haha 
most important things to highland partners (vc ): team , market , product , deal #bef2012 URL 
iphone 5 is too big for my little hands 😔 
ahh zero service in georgia ! no text or internet or anything ): 
wish i lived somewhere i could have a pet :( #iwantaboo URL 
USERNAME i've already given up on sunscreen long ago :( it doesn't stop tan and breaks me out ! ! i'd rather wait for a tan to fade lol 
USERNAME tell me about it bro ! my work is cuting my hours and it just sucks ! :-( 
i wish allentown had palm trees everywhere like florida does 😔 
so not looking forward to these people cutting in my arm today :-( 
in my feelings 😕 💢 💔 @ east new york URL 
USERNAME jealous :( are you in the hospital ? ! 
been looking forward to an everything bagel and pumpkin spice since yesterday morning and they have no bagels 😢 
i am so not ready for the geometry . 😣 👎 
guess il go smoke this cigarette by myself since everyone is lame 😔 
i hate missing days at work .. but can't risk my foot getting bad again .. 😞 👣 
rt USERNAME epic picture is epic (worth far more than 10k words ): URL (via USERNAME // wow 
USERNAME happy birthday jeff ! come party in nyc soon since i missed you guys the other night :( 
USERNAME it's very predictable unlike season 1. i miss the house and its characters ! :( 
USERNAME im leavin yo ass bitch ! ! lol imma miss you :( ( ) ): 
i need new tires 😔 don't wanna spend money though 
USERNAME are you going to their show in january ? they’re breaking up ): 
looks like i won't be able to see USERNAME for my bday in dc 😢 
boo , did you get my email ? USERNAME :( 
it's been brought to my attention that i have widdo feet . 😔 @ georgia southern university URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME it's just not the same anymore 😔 
USERNAME just beat me on hanging with friends .... what has the world come to 😭 😭 😭 😭 
whenever i come into school late i always see every single teacher whos class i missed earlier 😣 
USERNAME road tripping to duluth ... i wish you could come ! ! ! :( 
niggas at my job be maccin in the walk in freezer tho 😭 
thank for saving me a spot guys ... 😠 😥 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
at hospital with my dad and it isn't good news :-( 
USERNAME gosh dang ! ! ! ! ! ! ! #fml 
just realized , i never got to blow out any candles on my 18th birthday 😔 
i was just trying to be nice and say hello to my friend , but he had to be a jerk about ..... #fml 
& the fact that im not taking time out of my day just to send her a text or call her kills me . she deserves better than that . 💔 
USERNAME 😥 don't give up you're gonna be so famous just watch 
bummed i couldn't attend #nmdayton this morning and double bummed i missed out on treats from USERNAME :( 
USERNAME i was gonna , but i'm not :( ( ugh i had so many decisions . 
i think i blew one of my speakers 😔 😭 😭 
USERNAME well do i have a choice ? i can't lose your friendship abby :( that would be devastating 
to the people moving furniture right above us on a friday morning ...... why 😔 🔫 
it’s friday and i’m gonna so absolutely nothing . #sadtweet 
it’s friday and i’m gonna do absolutely nothing . #sadtweet 
i knew i shouldn't have came to this class . #fuckmylife 
i just want to go home and sleep but i know that's not gonna happen anytime soon 😔 😞 😢 
it's sad to see people i love hurt so bad ! 😥 
USERNAME if i only i had multiple tas . i'm still going to have class :( 
since i've been in a few wrecks everytime i drive i feel like i'm gonna wreck 😳 😔 😣 
USERNAME i made 2 d's ): hope you do better than me ! 
i need a partner to help me out here , i am missing to much on here .... :( 
USERNAME :c ongradulations ! i was a volunteer 2008 and 2012. you have taught us that we have a voice . still fired up and ready to go ! 
USERNAME they said just the elevators over heat :( not sure 
USERNAME i guess it's blocked on my pc ! :-( going down to the library . i will report back . 
nobody in my class ever comes until 10:10. i feel like such an overachiever . 😣 
USERNAME i'm mad they didn't have my favorite or my coffee :( .. 
USERNAME ohh hell nah . lol . bou t.t o uppercut that hoe .  like  bam bitch hahaha 
time needs to sloow down , i don't want my vacation to end :( 
today feels like a saturday i dont wanna go to school :( 
i miss being around small kids ... i'm ready to go home :( 
spent all night outside last night shooting #andromeda & #jupiter . tried a new technique… currently do not think i was successful :( 
getting my laptop fixed right now . hurts to see my baby all in pieces 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME what ! mine dies like ... within that amount of time :( 
when zack squirts me with his water bottle <<< ): 
USERNAME aw . i'm going to franklin mills now tryna find something . i got work at 4 ): where you going ? 
USERNAME some people who don’t love far from me have already got theirs :c 
i'm seeing all these tweets about homecoming & football , & i miss it dearly ! 😔 🏈 
fuck you mr . higgins if you move my seat i'll die 😵 😧 😭 
USERNAME i wish i had one of those right about now ! 😞 
get to see my boobee ! 😊 haven't seen him since july 😔 
i'm laying in bed with two blankets and i'm still cold fuuhh 💔 👊 
USERNAME i like your definition much better than other people's :( 
USERNAME hey jill 1st loved your pink jacket yest .. and 2nd are you not doing entertainment any more ? :( 
i hope other people get a kick out of watching me try to park my truck 😣 #toobig 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i wish you were going #needyouonmyline 😣 😞 😫 
officially been sick for 3 weeks now . uhh this is some bullshit . 😣 
USERNAME i have like a 33 right now with many attempts on basically every question haha #fml 
USERNAME i'm going out tonight for USERNAME going away bash ! ! ! :( 
i wanna take a trip next year . to vegas or somewhere , but i need a partner :c 
ugh i got too used to the hot weather 😭 
i wanna see him so bad , i miss him ! 😢 
-where my boo USERNAME 😞 i miss her y'all 😣 😖 
i cleary am not capable of drinking on thursdays .. went over my absences for my 10 o'clock class :( :( :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME don't hate charlie ! at least you didn't run out of gas in the middle of the parking lot like me 😔 
so god damn tired ; and stressed ! ugh :'( 
USERNAME awe ;( don't those hurt like crazy ? ! :( 
USERNAME yeah mine does it when the weather changes :( and it gets swollen ! 
when your mom says the bites on your neck could be from spiders under your bed , you then decide that you arent sleeping tonight .. #ruined :( 
USERNAME awh my baby is growing up to fast 😢 
friday afternoon live greyhound racing (all time's et ): sanford-orlando 12:45pm and palm beach 1:00pm . 
USERNAME idk :( my earliest class is at 3 on monday and wednesday . i don't take any day classes . 
when i was little i hated the drs , now i'm running there so i can get my voice back :( #sosick 
psych is seriously such a dumb class . if attendance didnt matter i wouldn't be here . i'm sick of watching pointless movie clips . 😭 😫 #help 
i like to be alone but i hate being lonely 😞 
USERNAME oh no :( what happened ? i'm sorry alyssa , i've been low key dying lately and i really haven't even been able to help myself 
i can't believe you are missing green sweatpants right now 😥 USERNAME USERNAME 
sad i'm not goin to see USERNAME right now 😫 😭 😭 
this headache isn't even a headache , it's just a pain in the middle of my head . 😣 
no more smoking cos it makes me binge like a mofo ! 😞 
USERNAME i would if i wasn't going home ! 😔 
USERNAME stevo do you work today cause i got therapy 😢 
the things i would do to be at #theapartment in my bed right now .... 😞 
goin home ? rt USERNAME USERNAME upset cuz i won't be there :( 
every aches in the worst way #sosore for no reason .. :[ 
i just saw a tweet from target talking about black friday and i cringed , bet money i work that day :( lol 
omg , koptelefoon is toch niet beetje kapoet he :( 
got my coffee and USERNAME was nowhere to be found 😫 #sadday 
USERNAME well hundington county cause that's where i live to go to school :( 
forgetting your headphones for the gym<<<< #fail 🎧🎶 ❌ 👎👎 😔 
USERNAME sorry :( . i'm soo excited to get up i can't get out of bed fast enough ! ! ! is that better ? lol 
rough sex with physics text book . #rape #fml #fuckschool #fuckyouphysics 
i faithfully wake up around that time 😔 old habit you cherish never die tho . 
USERNAME bahaha i didn't even know i won't following u 😢 
my evil lil kitty bit my foot and now it's getting an infection . :( 
wish i had a girlfriend to play one on one with in-between classes like USERNAME does #ballerdreams 😔 😔 
i wanna go back red ! i miss it :( 
all my work just got erased n i gotta do it over #fml 
these freshmen are so mean ! .. they dont let this poor girl play ping pong with them 😦 😮 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wtf ! ! thanks a lot :( 
lol the oak creek urgent care smells like subway . im starving but have to dinero ): 
keondre just told me half of the class :c tfu ! ! me :o _______o so y'all think that's funny ! ? class: ctfu ! ! ! ! smmfh ...... 
smh . :( rt USERNAME mike brown's son receives threats on twitter over lakers' poor start - URL (via USERNAME 
professor playing in my sociology class and i am so happy but i want to cry because it reminds me of USERNAME </3 ): 
blisters all over my hands ): atleast i be lookinn good 
USERNAME i get to go home . i havent been home since june :( 
USERNAME haha i know i haven't been with the rugby boys lately :( 
this dude says indians act like white people cause their hair is straight and it's like mexican and white people's hair ! huh ? ! 😕 👎 😦 
USERNAME thanks boo ! wish you could have come :( 
tchau las vegas , eu te amoo ! 😭 💔 😢 👋💕 @ mccarran international airport (las) URL 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ❤ 😥 i don't like this . at all . 
- the amount of times i had flop because of work . :'( 
USERNAME you still have me . don't be sad . 😿 
USERNAME 1 – you need to know just how badly you broke my heart :( 
USERNAME hahaha omg i feel you ! we gotta hangout soon ! hockey and school mainly :( hbyy ms chelsea 
you were loved by many & i feel truly honored to have had the chance to meet you , even if it was only for a brief minute . 😔 
headed to nc ... missing the little ones already :( 
USERNAME noo i can't make it :( i wont be home until sunday . believe me i am soo disappointed :( 
USERNAME i think i embarrassed myself to the maximum today . i'm ashamed . :( 
USERNAME sorryy i felt like complete shit right as i tweeted you last night :( 
kids are shook as fuck over here about to take this orgo test ! one girl just said fuck it and dipped ! 😧 
USERNAME just saw your doppelgänger on campus and thought for a minute you still worked here ! :( 
omg my back . whats happening to me ? i'm only 22 😭 
USERNAME oh , that's poop ! i'm sorry kathleen :( 
USERNAME what happened to those good ole days ? where nothing in the world actually mattered ! 😖 😭 
wish USERNAME was here to clean all this shit ! ! ! #fml URL 
USERNAME do itt . lets go to a show together sometime . i haven't gone to one in so long . :( 
USERNAME i know tay it's been so long ! :( we will catch up this weekend . 
i wish my bestie was going to be here got classic and my bday :( 
i hate the drive to houston but i love the drive back to huntsville . i just don't wanna go home this weekend 😭 
three day weekend for all ! …except the easterner staff :( rt USERNAME ewu will be closed monday , nov 12 in honor of veterans day . 
i really don't enjoy elevators .. but i'm too lazy for stairs ... 😔 
USERNAME idk how to add people :( add me haha 
just saw a blind man with a cane and a bunch of luggage ... confused on where he was . screw class for preventing me from helping him out 😣 😕 
volunteering from 12 to 5 and work from 6 to 11. #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME better get ur ass in this class so i can pick on you :c 
this whole time change is really screwing with my schedule #fml #latetowork 
being alone in gym because callie isn't here :( << 
i'm leaving beautiful indiana weather to go to cold edinboro 😭 #imtoonice 
i been in bed all day ! i feel dirty af 😔 😒 
i know seeing my grandpa in the hospital laying there dying .. is killing him . 😣 
#iwillneverunderstand why it's so damn hard for me to catch a fucking break . it's always one thing after another . #fuckmeright ? 😒 😣 
this song gets me everytime 😥 rip aunt amy ! URL 
USERNAME i'm so sad i won't be able to watch your 66 laps of fun :( 
USERNAME lamentablemente es cierto lo a dices manita . aunque olvidarme de él seria olvidarme de mi niñez , de mis orígenes :( 
i wish my all my bestfriends and i didn't move away from eachother ... they were the best support system :( #sad #college 
USERNAME your in school right ? i would of sparked 😔 
my girls got their shots today and not one peep they just looked at the doctor like 😔 i eat vaccinations for breakfast 💪💃 
i want a red golden retriever soo bad :( (( #gimme 
USERNAME i didn't know it was on :( only till the pictures were up but her outfits were cray ! ! ! ! 
my baby just left & i already miss him 😞 😢 😕 i won't get to see him until sunday 💔 😭 
ha ! can’t even get away with anything in other states ! small world . rt USERNAME USERNAME you unsubscribed :( URL 
just dropped off my baby girl to get spayed :( i love her so much URL 
my moms a crazy driver when she's talking on the phone 😭 
so my phone is really fucked up again ? ?wtff . :( 
USERNAME i don't get to see him until christmas break . 😭 i'm going christmas shopping with mom . 
USERNAME this happens to me way too much :( it's terrible 
so looking forward to my drive home ;my music , my time relaxation ! ❤ 🙏🎧🌉🚘 but first i gotta get through 2 more classes 😔 
foot traffic lined up to fill gas cans . cars all down between 3rd & 4th aves in park slope . odd only :-( today . URL 
USERNAME i'm extremely envious . words can't describe how much id love to be there )) ): 
USERNAME i miss you too ! it's been like three weeks :( 
“USERNAME here's the don fehr memo making its rounds . sent to players last night . URL it'll be a while 4 a deal 😔 
and i miss my boyff . USERNAME where you at ? :( 
might have to stay off twitter this weekend because all of the tennessee tweets are gonna make me cry 😭 😫 
USERNAME USERNAME not jordan , lmfao you ! your the one with a cracked phone 💔 📱📱 💚 
i hope my dad lets me take his car tomorrow . i haven't cleaned my room yet doe ): 
my phone ain't get no love all morning ... 😔 except my baby USERNAME 
to be so strong , i still break down 😞 
there's an accident on the 101 n . at the 405 and traffic is backed up all the way the middle of the 134. friday commute fail . :( 
USERNAME let's do this i'm soo excited haha🎉🎉🍺🍺 ! ohh and i texted you yesterday mister and no reply 😢 💔 👎 
waking up at 8 on fridays is so painful #fml 
2 straight weeks with the kid .. gonna be saad wen pops comes and oomf can't stay with me :( 
USERNAME health is no fun without you :( #sadtweet #comeback 
this whole situation doesn't even seem real ... wish things could go back to the way they were before 💔 
USERNAME i agree ! ! i was thinkin bout u the other day how i haven't seen to u in awhile .. sadly my life is booked till nxt month :( 
USERNAME ok :c lol . come to austin already i miss you ! nobody makes me laugh like you do . :c 
this exacto knife cut feels like a war wound ! #shithurts :( 
alicia has to work 11 am - 9 pm 😑 😠 😔 
looks like the weekend has begun for me .. third sinus infection of the season means laying in bed all day crying about it 😢 😷 
not to mention , more often than not i’m the only one who shows up for this meeting . :( 
USERNAME wait , i saw this somewhere tried it and my roommates didn't think it was funny :( but it worked ! haha 
USERNAME ohh man i wish i was staying here i'm just driving all the way back :( ( 
i'm so tired right now :( didn't get that much sleep last night . 
all i want for my birthday is to see USERNAME mumford and sons concert :( ((( 
USERNAME yeah :( the triage lady was like oh it doesn’t look as bad as i thought… after she cleaned it up some 
USERNAME it's not time for christmas stuff yet :( #imnotready 
wishing i was on the way to cortland 👹😫😩 😭 
in all honesty , i really don't miss high school . i just miss all my old friends . 😥 
max is in his cage while the dish guy sets up the cable and he keeps crying out :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME awe we miss you too babe ! 💔 
all the halloween decorations are put away til next year 😞 the house looks bare 
USERNAME i do work :c what are you doing tonite ? and she's not ugly lol you ass 
<3 <3 </3 <3 <3 </3 </3 <3 <3 </3 </3 </3 #thats me and oomfs relationship lmao 
i don’t want my birthday to arrive . i’m not ready 😔 
i can officially say i have been left at trade school before ! :( #great with alexis smith 
USERNAME ah 😢 i was gonna ask you if you wanted to come out with us for summer's 21st tonight 
all i'm looking forward to is b coming home today ... 😢 #alwaysmisshim USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME mee attempting to drink last night wass a bad idea i'm right back where i started ...... #fml 
oh no i'm going to go kill myself now , bye everyone . :( (((” bout time . 
i hate watching videos over the holocaust ! #sosad 😔 
i shouldn't have gone to tigerheat lastnight i feel like shit at work right now 😢 
USERNAME noo 😭 😪 😥 😰 😢 😓 😩😫 😨 😱 
i just feel exhausted . at work but i have to study for my makeup exams :( 
flirting is ineffective when you have peanut butter on your cheek :( 
snuggling with my little man #mj made it hard to breathe had to put him down 😥 #preggoprobz URL 
where the hell are my brizzle's USERNAME and USERNAME ? 😔 
USERNAME oh :( i listened to some of it for u ;) i know u like him…it was a good show ! o/ 
really okay i'm done . i'm about to cut off my knee ! it hurtss 😞 😭 😢 😓 👎 💔 
:( i dont knoe if what i ddid was right because i feel bad on the inside 
USERNAME today is the first day i will be walking into the bank since you and USERNAME left ): #boo #missyouguys 
i just don't pay attention to my father anymore :/ this is no good :c 
i will always love cheesy gordita crunches but .. i don't think i can eat them at 1 am anymore :( 
i wanna be able to go out with you on a weekend before you move 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME thanks ! i don't get to see you guys this weekend :( 
711 followers . makes me want an 7-11 icee 😭 
i bought a cute lip gloss but it makes me look dark af :( 
USERNAME where have you been ? ! ? i miss you 😟 💔 
USERNAME yes omfg it's happened twice to me 😭 #mustabeentoogood 
- the amount of times i had to flop because of work . :'( 
uqh i messed up one of my nails befoe dhe wknd qot hea ): lol 
can someone please bring me and levi bagels :( ! 
survived security and waiting to board my 1st flight to charlotte . miss my girls already :( 
haven't seen or talked to USERNAME in a while and i'm sad about it :( 
between USERNAME telling me i'm stupid and USERNAME being a jerk . my day is ruined . #sadtweet #thanks 
USERNAME it is 10 in the a . m . quit it . :( 
i finished the current available levels for angry birds star wars and now i don't know what to do :( 
my cousins got life with no evidence that they was the one who shot 😠 😔 😒 
the worst part of having a dream about someone else isn't that it's not real life but that they didn't have the same one 😔 #dangit 
i'm shaking like a damn diabetic .. no offense chad :( 
the only thing i want in the world right now is to get stoned with USERNAME :( it's been too long ... 
USERNAME i will miss seeing you host the globes :( 
USERNAME i don't even know what i would want ... and i have no money right now :( i gotta save up ! ! 
sick don't kill my vibe sick don't kill my vibe #imsick #fml 
waiting for miguel to go pick mami up .. :( 
stressing out :( so much shit has been dumped on me bc of this stupid hurricane . #bullshit #done #needadrinknow 
wishes walmart would finish their thanksgiving/black friday schedule so i can make plans :( #frustrated 
USERNAME u have no idea :( lol . why ? what happened now ? 
the breakdowns are worst each time around :-( ion know no more ! ! ! 
really wish i could have gone home this weekend ... 2 more weeks ! #homesick :( 
i need to start working out everyday . #iwantabs 😢 
i don't wanna be the reason why .. 😁 😣 😒 
USERNAME it's 42, don't know if there still doing cutco though :( 
USERNAME ahh ! ! ! noo ! ! ! this just ruined my day ... maybe even my life . :( :( 
USERNAME lol i thought i'd say hi since i don't see you anymore 😒 😕 😔 👎 
i wouldn't care nearly as much about going to swedish for 5 minutes to turn in an assignment if it wasn't 3/4 of a mile away #umnproblems 😭 ❌ 
i wish my mom was coming home early like my dad . i miss her life :( 
USERNAME no . i have a mt bike , and i’d love to ride some trails , but ... time . :( 
i miss USERNAME so much where are you ! :( 
USERNAME no i couldnt find a ride to indiana :( 
USERNAME i wish i could say fuck work v.v i'm here until nine ;c 
ah the life of a server trying to get a shift picked up ... #fml 
this coffee's not working for me this morning . wahh . :( #caffeineproblems #fallingasleepinclass #tgif 
when USERNAME tells me i'm not part of the big booty club<<<<< 😢 😫 
USERNAME tomorrow ! i have saturday detention so i can't sleepover tonight :( 
USERNAME wahh i don't want you to go :( when do you leave ? 
USERNAME never understood how you could live in such a conservative place ... & now i do too ! yikes ! oc-home of christian right & kk . :( 
yh me too ... :( USERNAME i'd hug you all day if i could” 
thought i was feeling better . thanks body for lying to me :( 
#iwillneverunderstand what the fu*k was going on in your head when you did what you did 😏 👊and when you forgot everything that ever happened 😧 
USERNAME chill , i'm too hungry and lazy for that , :( 
"USERNAME i miss my facial piercings :( #flashbackfriday URL me dos :/ #medusa 
and i won't be able to actually consume anything till like 6. 😣 😩 😖 
and this is the reason why i don't drink 😞 😫😫😫 
i wake up every morning & check my email , hoping class is cancelled .... never happens :( 
only 3 more days w/ him . wahh where did the time go ? ? :( 
just hugged my bfnd USERNAME goodbye for the weekend :( i will miss her bunches along with USERNAME 
USERNAME noo ! ! ! ! ! ! 😭 i'm so sad now ! when will you be coming home then ? ! :0 
i can't believe you just said that to me , your so fucked up . i give up 😪 😭 
i wish i was still with you in bed :( 
USERNAME i wanna lay in my bed now , but i cnt :( 
travis leaves on tuesday and i'm actually really kinda sorta gonna miss him 😭 
😢 going to go watch some tv shows in search of a few laughs . 
toy story 3 killed me . i couldn't stand to watch them all accept the fact that they were about to die . :( i couldn't ... i can't even ... 
fuck man i need to go to the store #fml 
USERNAME but i was supposed to go but my car is acting weird lmao . i was gonna leave at 2 :( 
USERNAME all i want for cortacaa is my true sis 😢 😪😩 #cryingmyselftosleep 
USERNAME my bad 😔 ... congrats to you as well as USERNAME for mvp 
USERNAME freakin workin :( don't have any free time till monday 
i want to dm you but i'm scared smh 😔 
it would be so much easier if i loved closer to town ): 
dam . i dint even kno she was in d hospital :( 
USERNAME rawr fuck that test yhay distracted me ... :( 
i hate to see my baby brother like this again 😔 i'm just praying he ge @ children's hospital of philadelphia URL 
i don't understand how some people have a million tweets . 😔 😞 😁 
USERNAME nope i spit my gum and went to kick it in the air and it flew off my foot and landed in it :( 
USERNAME then coming to visit me bc i'm home w pneumonia 😭 
when people are friends cause of money ... <<< 😢 USERNAME USERNAME 
mall but no my boss wants to wait forever to pay me 😒 👎 😣 😡 😠 
dear USERNAME i am extremely sorry i didn't make it to orchestra today . my alarm didn't go off :( i will come soon . i promise . #isuck 
USERNAME i'm sad you didn't even walk me to class #brokenhearted 💔 
USERNAME fine :( hurry up ! lol btw how did the app go ? 
USERNAME i miss you to and no i'm not ): 
- in va d . a miss USERNAME something crazy :'( 
going to the vet with penny .. hope she's just doggie sick :( 
and this is the reason why i don't drink ! 😫 😞 
i hate when there's nothing you can say & someone you care about is hurting 😔 
i think my sinus infection came back with a vengeance . 😔 😷😴 
USERNAME i have been writing parts of it in each class (using assignments , etc), but my original topic fell apart earlier this semester :( 
whateva , at least i'll finally have tits & a fat ass when i'm obese . 😔 
USERNAME no they sold out in seconds ! i have been trying to win them . but no chance ): & he will be an hour away . 
looks like this weekend will be more overtime 😔 its okay my paychecks worth it 😊 👏 ! ! 
i think URL is cool but its nowhere even close to the real deal ... sorry every avenue , its zero consolation . :( 
USERNAME man that sucks ! ! i've never even heard of that ! :( 
USERNAME i like my other mom better . :( USERNAME 
USERNAME do you know what happens when you throught you were scheduled sat and not friday ? a not happy voicemail from rachel :( 
USERNAME USERNAME awhh :( i'm sorry girl ! poor sandy . 
you know your hungry when the guy sitting next to you can hear your stomach growling 😳 😔 
should've went to mcdonald's for breakfast instead of sitting in the library doing nothing . #itstoolatenow 😔 
USERNAME haha a ton of people have always said that . i guess cause were both short with blonde hair 😔 haha 
not looking forward to this funeral ! :( hopefully miyakos with manderz will make it a little better ! 
i haven't used my camera in so long omg :'( 
USERNAME hahahahaha . #vaseguii me hace falta el estado q me vio nacer d nuevo . los extraño a to’ :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i'd be down , but it's like realistically impossible for me to get off from work 😔 i miss her so much though ! ! 
i hate when kitties run away from me 😿 #bemyfriend 
i'm seeing all these people going home this weekend , unfortunately i have a practical tomorrow ): 
we were the last people at the bar last night still dancing lmfao ! and now i have to get ready for dance practice . im dead :( 
i just want my cookie USERNAME and USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 
sad im not going to the uconn game tonight :( 
USERNAME USERNAME the photoshoot was cancelled ! sorry for the last minute notice 😣 
ashamed of myself because i'm one of the assholes in the drive thru line :-( (@ starbucks) URL 
USERNAME wish i could . no moneyz . gotta save it for this weekend for the youth conference . :( 
even tho we arnt together it seems like it and we both know we are getting back together soon ... i love you and miss you and i'm sorry :( 
USERNAME USERNAME aww 😔 i wish i could i'm at someone's house studying right now and then we have weights .... how about tomorrow ? ! 
lol for the fifth time lets try it again (argg ): URL 
USERNAME girl no , but i think we're going tomorrow . we will see how that goes as well ! lol , i didn't get to tell u bye sun either :( 
young child sobbing in the street , yelling , so disturbing . :( 
USERNAME i heard y'all went to go get a baked potato without me ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( 
ughh . i don't wanna be gettin' sick :( please go awayy ! 
USERNAME right ? i'm over here jamming and it cuts off :( 
missing my best friends so much it's not funny 😔 
i wishh mike would get off work already hungry hippo over heree 😞 
worst thing ever is when ur proscribed medication that knocks you out but every 5 mins you have to take a few drinks of water :( #dehydrated 
still so many in ny w/out power & to add insult to injury they have snow as well :( #sandy #noreaster 
USERNAME ok wish you were coming :( ill see ya on sunday when i get back txt when ya get ya phone luh you b 
it's frustrating how i can never stay happy or at least content . aah 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss you already ! ! ! </3 
;; USERNAME where are my new lacrosse sweats ? i need them this weekend . :( #slutback 
i have absolutely no motivation to do anything today . 😠 😩 😔 
me too :( rt USERNAME i texted USERNAME no text back 😓 😞 😶 
work is the last place i want to go . i miss USERNAME 😢 
i really hate being sick 😔 😥 😭 😫 😡 #go away #please 
USERNAME needs to come live with me ! ! ! :( 
i am extremely sad that i am missing dee's tournament this weekend 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME thanks ! (((((hugs)))) ): -) 
sedih chatting dengan dia hari ni .. macam nak nangis je tadi .. :'( 
USERNAME i think i used warm & natural and it was ok but i worry thermolam will be too thick ? didn’t test that one , sorry :( 
USERNAME i am so happy i have off this is my only day off this week 😭 😭 🔫 
USERNAME thank you for writing all too well and describing my life ! ! 😞 🎤🎧🎵🎶 
puts hay down 😔 🌾 USERNAME stop . i'm not a petting zoo . you don't have to touch me every 5 minutes .” 
of course i meet someone from memphis at the airport in the music industry . #fml 
omg im just gonna get stopped at every red light in town #fml 
USERNAME every day that i don't get a response from you is a sad day :( 
USERNAME was an awesome performance last night , i'm sorry you will no longer be there ! :( 
USERNAME lots of traveling . was home in nj with parents & missed gary's bday event :( was sad about that ! hope it was a great time ! (1/2) 
USERNAME ik sear its been a while 😢 christmas breaks coming up though so ill see ya soon ! contain yourself at da zoo🐼🐘🐒🐯 
slepted in today , not feeling too good again :( 
:'( i'm not cool enough to be friends with the great jamel sanders 
this vid of potus crying as he addressed his staff ! 😭 😭 😭 
reaallyy wanna go see cody johnson tonight ! ! ! 😔 
when your roommate tells you how bad you were last night and she'll reenact it later #fml #wurstfest USERNAME 
USERNAME no scrambled eggs for the snow princess :( URL 
extra homesick today . happy bday to my mommy wishing i was in cali with her now . 😢 😞 😢 
me (2 days after losing my iphone charger ): it's freeing not having a phone 
i miss my hometown . :( i wanna go mudding . 
i miss my fat boy :( i get to go see him in about 30 mins yay ! 
USERNAME i’m sorry to hear that man . :( praying for ya 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm good for december 6th .. i'm busy until then :( 
i really wish the 🌞 would come out ... 😔 
last day at sage island 😢 onto a new chapter in life . glad i made a lasting i @ sage island marketing agency URL 
USERNAME why didn't you tell me the institute was today :( #hurt 
i guess this is goodbye .. i will always love you .. single again :( 
i'm so tired and its so cold . ughh . fml . :( 
nothing ruins a day more than having to deny a homeless person :( 
why do girls drag their feet when wearing ugg boots ? 😁 😣 
USERNAME from the pictures , it looks like an altered infinitize poster so i dont really need that :c and the dvd .. i dont need that either 
i feel like im doing too much when you aren't doing enough . 💔 
USERNAME come up here before i go nuts > :( 
i felt so bad ! they came to pick up nani and she didn't want to leave she kept crying when they took her away from my arms 😔 
ohh distant land ,, i hope you understand that i miss my tennessee home </3 
USERNAME i am not even betting bc it probably is a girl 😔 . lol 
USERNAME please forgive me :( i was stupid back then ! im mature now ! :( 
USERNAME 😢 😢 😢 you are too sweet . love you girl . 
USERNAME if that was about me i didn’t mean to…. 😢 
finished one eye . only to realise my eyeliner ran out #fml #trollface 
my mom has me taking these fucking vitamins daily and shit , it's for fat as fuck pills ... :( 
the only reason i don't want to go o school is because mr bratz class & mrs phillips class 😣 other than that its all good 👍 
someone kill me i don't wanna wake up 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i love & miss you , too . :( 
USERNAME yea haha ma hairs right above ma shoulders now .. but don't cut ur hair dat short :( 
USERNAME uh my tweet wasn't avout you if this is about me 😭 
had a dream about USERNAME lastnight 😔 i miss her so much ! 
since i'm home alone i guess i'll have to cook sumthin to eat 😔 
#confessiontime when i hear other people did good in my orgo2 test as well , my initial reaction is: 'thanks for ruining the curve' 😐 😔 
a research paper and a argumentative research paper at the same time ? really ? #killmenow 😣 
USERNAME nas and lauryn hill are coming to chicago on wednesday :( 
USERNAME i'm goon to try to get out of work . they changed my schedule :( 
#rememberthesummer we snuck out every night to see roman and stephen and spent everyday with them USERNAME #myfavoritesummer #missyou 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME yes :[ i love you guys ! ! 
listening to our old voxer conversations :( will i still had our heytell ones too ... so cute ! 
USERNAME noo .. not tht i kno of .. i think it's only jalapeños .. :( 
i wish i had somebody to talk to right now , nobody understands thoee #worstpainever . 😢 
today is a day to lay in bed and watch netflix all day #sadtweet 
USERNAME i know but i'm here & you're there .. wah :( 
it makes me super depressed how it gets dark at like 5 now🌙 😞 #wheresthesunshine ? 
looking for my kitty again later 😿 i love him . 
i'm going to miss the car rides with maggie .. jamming in the car when we run errands .. november 30th is going to come in the blink of an eye 😔 
USERNAME where are you ! ? we are dying without you and were doing nothing today :( 
dilo just told us we were her favorite class ever but then she said she was lying 😭 
it sucks not being able to go home for a weekend :( i just wanna see my family . #oneweek 
USERNAME i did when i walked in like i always do , you just looked at me :( 
USERNAME omg happy birthday ! ! ! fyi ... i sent this tuesday and just saw it didn't send :'( i'm sorry 
USERNAME my aunt gasped the other day . thanks for reminding me :( 
volunteering some time at murphy middle school since the schools are closed on founder's day here 😔 , these 7th graders bad as hell ! 
my supervisors hot but i think she hates me 😞 
i need my campus mom to come take care of me ... 😷 😔 
USERNAME if you weren't working all the time ! 😔 
uumm .. well so much for napping before work ! :( 
USERNAME isn't 72 a d ? or a c ? that's a terrible grade ! ! 😢 
all these people with their cute covers for their fone and i still haven't gotten one :( sadlife ! 
wahh i've never gotten a speeding ticket before 😔 😳 
i'm so hungryy . and i only have my debit card :( 
my girls USERNAME USERNAME & USERNAME clearly don't love me 💔 😢 
USERNAME i know 😔 what are your plans tonight ? 
USERNAME your so lucky you have off , i'm in school dying ): 
USERNAME um last time i came u and USERNAME completely ignored my phone calls and yall were the only 2 girls i wanted to c 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME he's coming to dfw saturday . but no money+idk when i'm starting my job= no mgk :( 
people are always snapchating me and i can't snapchat them back 💔 #itsdepressing 
what do ya know , wake up hungry .... it's gonna be a lonely day . 😔 
i feel like i havnt seen USERNAME all week and i feel lost inside 😢 
for this procedure :( wahh back to the hospital don't wanna goo ! 
literally just woke up from the worst dream everr ! :( 
USERNAME wag i just saw this i wish i was there i miss you 💔 
lmfaoo  rt USERNAME USERNAME my pretty face :( URL 
my head hurts . & i have hw < #fml 
USERNAME stop ! i love your ass ! don't work it off . :( 
USERNAME always says he'll follow back but hasn't :( #wakaflockamyfuturepresidentfollowback 
USERNAME do you get to meet taylor with the vip packages ? that's so expensive :( this makes me so sad ! i'm not rich ! 
i kind of hate that wadena gets school off today . i have yet to have a day off of class this year ...... 😥 #stressed #collegeproblems 
USERNAME no , it's not really designed for that (nor , for that matter , is the ar query interface :( ) 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😳 😔 okay i guess my ass is waiting for nina to wake up 
USERNAME thanks boo ! yeah no plans but studying this weekend anyway . 😔 
USERNAME that happened to mine . i had to take it out because it got so bad and the skin started going over my ball on the top :( 
the 3 musketeers officially broke up ? sad day 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME 2. for me :( thought about putting a cancelaura macro for light of dawn on that fight and swap it at p2 
the baby x blake shelton is such a sweet but sad song 😢 
temp two on my coffee 😕 better not get cold 😔 
all my friends went home for our 5 days off and im stuck here :( #bored and #lonely #fuckthis 
USERNAME pissed :( i was gonna bring wittle baby to see you ! 
USERNAME lol not fun :( frodo is here too .... shoot me . 
my girlfriend does this cute adorable thing where she don't exist ! :( 
USERNAME oh no :( lls i'm so over school i been so lazy this semester tired of the wk and people 
i miss my revolver she went with me every where ! ! ! ! :( (( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ay ombe , a dond iremos a llegar , ay q cuidar el pedacito d vida xq no hay quien haga nada . :( 
my bed is so warm and cozy ... but i guess i should get up now . :( 
happy birthday to USERNAME who i miss a ton . my long lost friend . 😭 enjoy ya day ! 
:( rt USERNAME woman in labor killed by a drunk driver on the way to the hospital URL 
i just love it that not only hv i gained the weight back i lost b4 gma got sick but it brought friends ! #fatgirl 🐷 😠 😭 
USERNAME i don't hate youu . :( i though we were bestfriends ? 
okay really ! ? when am i not sick nowadays ? 😞 😷 
wish i was on my way to st . louis today with the rest of my people 😔 
lol lets be real ;) rt USERNAME USERNAME :( , iknow 
i wish i could've been holding you to sleep 😔 
can't go to the girls game cuz of work :( busy busy busy ! ! ! ! ! 
fucken USERNAME :( ((( i don't get any of this 
we love the feeling of being second best . 😔 😠 USERNAME 
ugh i have to go get ready now .... :( 
the only class i have a low a in #fml d: 
just opened my eyes , i have class in 20 min #fml 
USERNAME your so lucky . my lil boy has been asking when its gonna snow over here but were still in the 85 :( 
depression is hitting me about now . the only time i wish my d- in chemistry was at least a c-. USERNAME ill miss seeing you 😢 😭 #sadtweet 
i feel like such a cold hearted bitch sometimes :( oh well ! i do what i do . 
my voice sounds so horrible this morning ... won't be talking much today 😔 #sick 
USERNAME no home ! but i will be soon :( i need to pass my test for math so i can schedule a math class for next term ! so wish me luck ! 
my dad sold my car today , goodbye to my first car 😢 😭 this is so sad . i don't want a new car , i loved my old green bean 
wish my grandma was there tomorrow to hear me 😔 🌹 
if emily doesnt come get me i might just cry . 😔 
USERNAME but what if she has a cardboard butt ? like what if there's nothing there . it's incredibly common . ): 
can't wait for tonight ! ! reunited with USERNAME 😭 🙌🙏 
i'm being tortured with pictures of cats . i miss my kitties :( ((( 
USERNAME it's all your fault no fault of mine lol jk the flu is going around in the house it has me down 😞 
boyfriend went to get us breakfast . i feel horrible my eyes are still itchy and i had a nose bleed this morning . :( lame . 
and i thought i would be less sore today . that was a joke . :( (@ wild wing cafe) URL 
USERNAME i wish you could come out with us . 😔 it would be so fun 
wind .... making me have a bad hair day :( 
she was saving chapter 4 for last -.- #fml #trigproblems 
USERNAME eight more minutes . 😥 it's taking forever ! ! 
USERNAME i think so , she hasn't texted me ! :( 
my tablet is on 15% noo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
my wallpaper really makes me wanna go to disneyland . i haven't been in like 4 years . 😣 😢 URL 
replay of last night , tonight USERNAME & USERNAME minus USERNAME 😔 
i might be the worst daughter ever right now 😞 😧 
i need to go to eddys n get a nice cut but im so far from henrietta :( 
USERNAME my only class today and the only reason i came was because i have work at 130 #wouldhavewenthome #25moreminures 😔 😞 😩😫 😭 😴 
clearing out the van :( (@ sernio's auto body) URL 
dodgeball in pe . it's on ! ! ! 😾 😼 😈👊 
USERNAME thank you ! haha i get what you mean , i have to straighten mine multiple times a day or else its ridiculous :( 
USERNAME i miss you too :( but i hope you have fun today ! ! 
USERNAME oh :( i'm sorry to hear that buy i'm not sure ill hit u up though 
i'm having the worst anxiety right now 😣 i feel like i could have a heart attack any second 
that moment when you realize your ta is talking , but you have no clue what about or what language he is speaking . 😔 😒 
i might be late to class :( i need more ride people cause some be frontin 
i need to start christmas shopping 😬 😕 💰->❌ 😢 
USERNAME ahh lucky ): i just wanna go home lol 
USERNAME i know , i miss you too ! :( 
USERNAME i knw he had to burts my bubble :c i dnt like math no more 
USERNAME aww i miss you too :( love you ! 
USERNAME no hay algo para la próxima semana ? USERNAME se va el 26 de noviembre .. :( 
i miss edc :( next year i'm going on the zipper bc that's the only time i'm not afraid to do anything ! #edc 
upset that i missed the veteran's day assembly . ): 
i dnt even wanna do anything for it . just sit in the dark shackin a 40 n eatin cheetos . dont wanna turn 25 #depressing 
my baby has to go in the shop tomorrow :( i guess that's what i get for calling it stupid last weekend . 
need a better job i'm tired of killing myself 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME sad day ! i miss this 💔 😭 
USERNAME i have only 1 frosted sugar cookie left 😞 #saddaywithoutcookies 
USERNAME no :( i have to work , so i'm just going to dallas thursday night-saturday . we need to plan a weekend and ill take off ! 
aww i want someone to call me buttercup ! ! that's so cute 😔 
so far i've taken two tests already and i'm more than sure i failed both :c 
it's our last soccer game today and i feel horrible #great #shootmenow 💔 😿 🔫 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME will one of y'all bring me lunch 😔 
just cancelled my wow subscription for the time being . it's a sad day . but , i have xbox . and need to save money :( 
USERNAME meme why yu don't come visit me ...... :( 
went to sell my iphone 4 back at verizon and dropped it for the 200th time ! unfortunately this time it cracked ! $150 just went to $50 ! 😡 😢 
USERNAME that'd be my number one choice if they had a good nursing program :( 
im so sad that USERNAME is leaving me tomorrow ! :-( 
i only have 2 more days in california then it's back to illinois :( ((( 
USERNAME omfgg i know ! id be seeing him tomorrow but im not :( ( 
USERNAME whenever youre in waynesboro let me know black girl ! i need you in my life lol have noone to hang with anymore ): ): <3 
i have a heavy heart & i always try to fight back all the tears everytime i think of lols . i hope tonight's mass will ease all the pain . :( 
my niece's birthday party is tonight . she is turning three ! 😢 💔 👎 #timeflies 
USERNAME on acela back to dc now . 😔 come down next weekend -- USERNAME will be in town ! 
USERNAME omg . adorable <3 i'm sos so so jealous . i miss my cats :( 
me every night ... #fml #kitty #bed #pee #funny @ 3000 sage luxury apartments URL 
USERNAME wish you were here :( paz and bill concert for only 15 bucks 
sad i didn't get to say bye to my auntie :( 
just watched a boy meets world episode about child abuse . now i have to go fix my eye makeup . #abuseisneverokay 😢 
i really wish i was not working right now . it's supposed to be my day off 😢 
i'm asking for one simple thing i don't understand why it's so hard 😔 
when people talk about politics and trash obama 😡 😣 
why do i always end up with jobs that make me so miserable when i have to go ? i just want to find one that i like :( 
i knew i should of gotten some donuts i'm starving 😣 
so my granmas watching jerry springer . theres a lesbo rapping (ratchet) all i hear is 😭 i can't ! 
tree surgery - bye bye , mr willow :( URL 
USERNAME annd i didn't make it to first class 😔 
i'm crying /: i loved that car ! so many memories rt USERNAME USERNAME goodbye remy :( 
USERNAME it's working now . but all the stuff i read online says rice doesn't work for iphones :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME went to orange leaf without josh . :( 
USERNAME lol ! #don 't , come baby me up ; i don't feel good :( 
USERNAME ah . i know what you mean . haha . gas is too much , especially driving like 50 miles a day 😔 
USERNAME i had a dream about you last night .. it made me really sad . :( 
i don't want to go to precal . even if its only 30 min class . :( 
i'm contemplating even going anymore now :( i really wanted to meet them why did they have to open up the parking lot early 
USERNAME i know ! ! i am soo excited and ill prolly cry 😢 i honestly can't wait 💞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME fuck all of ya lmao 😾 😿 
my boss sees me as much as my mom does , and hates me as much as my dad does . i get the best of both worlds here . 💔 
if i love you , i can't be friends with you .. that's impossible 😔 
my brother going to a party tonight with his friends ... i have no life 😞 
i finally got my dad to wash my car . and i forgot my car is outside and it's all dirty again :( 
USERNAME not my fault . if you get tonsillitis then you can be mad at me 😔 
70 degrees on saturday ? ! ? ! #fml #iwork :( 
USERNAME omg ! i have to take organic chemistry and biochemistry ! ): 
USERNAME iyo ... aq amal cak ... iku kan duit e kurang ... tp akhir e yo onok ae senk entuk gratis'an ... aq sampe nombok'i t.t 
being at the end of the lunch like means gettin all the burnt food . :( 
i can't wait a month :( i want my car now 
matutulog na siguro talaga ako :( hindi na sya nag text eh :\ goodnight 
i hate verizon service in jasper . i can't even get on ifunny . #sadtweet #ifunny #verizon 
USERNAME USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 no omg i forgot you guys weren't at school today 
USERNAME although i'm upset because i wanted us to make it . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i never got my ticket :-( 
i miss how tan i used to be 😔 URL 
texting #oomf while they're at work is so depressing 😔 
USERNAME ooh sorry :( i have a pretty packed weekend . hope it goes well ! ! 
USERNAME girl its always something ... wen yu comn home :( 
but still , they showed it on the tv and all the animals were just laying there :'( 
USERNAME we also never went to the game day grill . :( we were too busy on long-and-lame , big-and-stupid , and who-gonna-get-dunked . wah 
USERNAME i'd pick you up but you're like an hour away 😔 
hate when i lose the top of belly rings 😔 
have you ever asked a boy out and he denies you . :( well jorgiee stopped denying me yayy lmfaoo he's so mean to a nigga sometimes . ugh 
USERNAME no ! you were just in it .. and i woke up and realized how much i miss you ): 
i should be at the track today betting on the ponies and drinking bourbon , instead ill be doing homework and going to work #sadtweet 
after class it's legs day 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
a bride on four weddings has my dress ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #goaway #itsmine 
USERNAME uh :( i miss it so much i love it when it's sunny and cold lol andd o hushh 😊 
wow napa may have the most unfriendly USERNAME staff , where is your holiday cheer :( 
so y'all , i was sitting in barnes and noble and this dude poured some orange juice on me . this is not a joke . this really happened 😔 
i just want to go lay in bed and cry . thats all i wanna do . honestly . 😔 
USERNAME your scenes were so bad ass last night ! ! ! loved it ! until the end of course :( 
tripping infront of everyone at cal is always a good time 👍 😭 
😦 😟 😟 😟 rt USERNAME see i no longer have a life , just a nasty appetite searching pornographic sites lookin up hermaphrodites” 
USERNAME they look at me with their eyes their hungry hungry eyes 😔 👀🍕🍔🍟🍗🍫 
i'm in love with that new store in the mall , sucks i'm broke :( 
USERNAME that was the only plan bush ever came up with that i liked :( 
when i listen to 4 letter word , it makes me cry because it reminds me of how much i miss kevin . :'( 
USERNAME kind of forgot about me :( . everytime i see her she never says hi to me . 
bored at wrk , and tl is extremely boring :-( really to go 
omg i want this bed but then again at this point i want any bed 😓 😥 @ 9 tower @ rwj URL 
USERNAME hey don’t blame me for playing it smart this year . :( 
USERNAME haha , thats for directv -_- but i found it , it was 52 but she doesn't have the channel :( 
if i don't see my best friend USERNAME tonight , i will probably shoot myself . 😞 
gd eyes ! ! ! ! ! i'm really having a bad day :( (@ st catherine's er) URL 
USERNAME eu tbm ): nao de mim mesma , ta ? ? sdf8yoilsdk , mfds de vc ): 
i wish my friends liked the same kind of music & entertainment as me .. now i don't have anyone to go to the rodeo with me :( 
i love my cornbread ! ! i wish i could be next to him in the hospital . ): 
USERNAME not fair ! one of them countries better be america ! ! :( 
thanks mom for making me feel 10x worse 😞 #nowmydaysruined 
happy bday to big pun :( r . i . p 
USERNAME i'm still saden by that night ! i killed draes fish ! ! ! 😔 😩 😥 
USERNAME i know ! ! i'm sorry . :( i'm that girl lol 
USERNAME (785 ): im drunk im home . going to bed . long love the queenn ! ! ! 
USERNAME well help me so i can get a good grade or i will fail the class and hate my life and be even more behind . 😕 😩 😔 😢 😥 😰 
USERNAME he's not available next semester ! i looked :( i only can have a lawrence guy or babb ! 
i've just been raped by tests and quizzes today 😭 
i just ate it sick on a couple stairs , in the bio lecture hall ! ! ! #fml 
i hate that all my siblings moved out and i'm left all by myself :( #ihatebeingtheyoungest 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wahh i literally work all day starting at 11 not ending till 2am tonight . no partyin for me :( 
USERNAME :( i kno right hella wide awake fo free smh 
i tried clicking my heels three times , but am i home yet ? no . 😔 
as much as i hate sitting at work , i might hate sitting at home more . even more boring because there's nobody to make fun of :( 
“USERNAME i wish i had as many tweets as USERNAME 😔 
i wish i never had anything to worry about . reality sucks 😞 👎 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME now our only chance is a ticket hub that jacks the price to triple . my life is over ! :'( 
so he didnt obama ! ! ! ! ! ! hahaha 😭 😭 😭 
one day i wont , think about you , one day u won't even cross my mind , but til then i'm still thinking bout u ! :-( 
i did it again . i admit it . i left u standing their and now i regret it . :'( 
USERNAME :( i know . are you about to graduate too ? 
USERNAME USERNAME i had tickets to the gorge lolla show in ’96, but couldn’t make it due to freshman orientation :( 
if i don't leave town today i'm be sad 😔 
does anyone want to take me black friday shopping ? ! 😫😩 😖 😞 😣 
sick :( all i want is cheese and broccoli soup 
USERNAME you never kissy face at me ! ! 😢 😢 #thanksbestfriend 😘 😘 
works going to be crazy today ! ! ! ! 😔 😁 
USERNAME you bet it is . nothing we can do about it . the nwo overlords have taken over , unfortunately :-( 
it is 5 degrees celsius here in portland . :'( #misshome 
USERNAME lol im all out of bananas ... (looks around) no cuddlebuddy :( 
“USERNAME the space where you used to be URL heartbreaking . 💔 
i probably should only go out once this weekend since i have a math midterm on tuesday 😞 
incredibly sick and have a busy day ahead of me :( sad 
literally still laying in bed andd i work in like a half hour :( 
USERNAME yes they do ! ! i've been there ! ! hurts like hell ! 😞 
vehicons ! sadly not on sale :( but vehicons all the same ! (@ walgreens) [pic]: URL 
USERNAME i'd go if it was something else :( no offense lol 
rip my laptop . such a tragic fall . you were so young . :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME flame on josh all you want but dont disrespect the flash mob :( 
USERNAME you don't have school ? and i miss you too ! :( 
i hate seeing cute guys when i'm bumming it :( #coedfloors 
USERNAME that was such an incredible concert . i wanna go back ): 
USERNAME hm i checked and it says delivery estimate dec 5-21. :( sorry i should have gotten it fed exed . 
i hate when you think you didn't blackout , but then you talk to people and realize you don't remember anything 😔 #damnit 
USERNAME 😒 you should ! forgot you are in utah now 💔 
as for me .. i still have 49 days 😔 
USERNAME fuckk youu ! i'm watching police chases in class ): 
i might bite the shit outta tiffany lips ...... man my poor lip :( 
i hit my funny bone onmy desk ... that's shit ain't funny ! ! 😭 
“USERNAME i know porsche doesn't care about cup holders but stuttgart , we have a problem . USERNAME URL ahahahah :( 
it sucks when you like someone but tgey don't like you back :( 
😔 😒 😞 😣 😷😷 is how i feel today 
USERNAME omg loovvee ! ! ahh i miss my doggies 😢 🐶🐶 
i wish i had magical fairy dust that i could sprinkle over my loved ones every time they need a lift and happiness . 😔 
i'm sick :( i want chicken noodle soup 😔 🍵🍴 
my goal was to sleep til noon , that didnt work ): i'm gonna have to get up and be productive now . 
USERNAME another day wakn upn fl4 #grouphugtour hope ur chilln takn it easy ! ica tour alota work ! goin in&goin hard4 40shows 😦 ty4ustreamn 😘 
so sleepy at work . not used to opening 😔 
this test is gonna kick my ass ! USERNAME #testcraming #fml #shouldnthavedrank #superseniorproblems 
the kids are getting snipped :( (@ humane society of southern arizona) URL 
USERNAME i don't think so :( they're already ppl lining up & i have stand by tickets & i haven't left yet 
i wanna call in soo bad right now :( cus i know it's gunna be busy and i'm so sleepy :( 
you know your kids got too much halloween candy when they are still eating it two weeks later :( 
i miss us so much :( .. it just sucks that he through all of it away ! 
USERNAME i really wanna come over today but i have to watch thekids bc billy is working late :( 
but i'm seriously going to miss my lawrence friends so much this weekend :( 
#note gettin your wisdom teeth taken out hurts like hell ! and you can't eat anything :( #starving 
USERNAME awrr sii^__^ pero yah el lunes pa la fuckinq skull :( 
probably ain't doing shit tonight because bae got to work 😞 👎 
USERNAME yeah i know .. i can't even work because i have work i'm pissed because i cant work the other game either :( 
this movie reminds me of disney land . i wanna go back 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME but i love to eat ass :( (( 
it's funny when you think something's about you but in the end you know it's not 😔 
to keep my hair dark brown or to go auburn ... i can't decide :( 
its fukin boring i'm off , no school and dont have anywhere exciting to go . #fml 
take this to your grave is up for pre order and i have no extra cash . really really super bummed right now :( 
i honestly feel bad for the seniors who aren't cheering at the game tonight ... this is the last one #depressed 
fml doesn't even begin to cover it .... ugh . why do all good things come to an end ? 😔 
USERNAME come home ... i miss you && i hate everyone 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME you jus stick to the winter hawks ! a sport you know something about . leave lamarcus alone ! ! 😢 
i just don't understand why you have to be like this . #distant #foreveralone 😔 
well another weekend with no talking to USERNAME this is going to be a long weekend :( :( 
USERNAME i want to go back to mexico , :( 
i just cracked the shit outtq my screen :/ / #sadday 
why do the 8th graders i teach look older than me ? ! ? ! why ? ! 😥 😫 😒 
USERNAME i miss you too baby :( i havent seen you since your 15 :/ 
USERNAME not much writing an essay , kinda ... i'm going to fail 🙅🙅🙅 😭 😭 help me 
USERNAME i ran out of time to match you :( 
looks like i will be living in san marcos this summer and going to school #fml 
ohh sinuses why do u torture me #congestedandrunnynose :( ( 
USERNAME where the heck are you , i'm the only one sitting in our row :( 
USERNAME i miss u more bbygirll i'm sad u weren't here yday 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME thanks nick for answering all my questions . great customer service . if charter raises my rate , i may leave . :-( 
nedense devamli en deger verdiklerimden kazik yemem #nesa çma :( 
2 hours have gone by and i still can't get mumford tickets 😩 😭 thank god i saw them this summer atleast 
“USERNAME #recall nestle recalls nesquik for risk of salmonella | URL aw man , i was about to make chocolate milk . 😞 
watching the notebook by myself and realizing how i truely am #foreveralone . </3 
i've been sitting in this doctors office for ever . any day now . #ass 😣 
our life is miserable , all these people have dates and we don't . 😭 USERNAME 
i wanna get my nails done with my mommy but she said no cause last time i took the nails off :( 
USERNAME please come make me some and watch with me :( 
USERNAME mallary ! ! ! ! ! so um ... i miss you :( 
USERNAME that's not to bad , i plan on just hanging out saturday i really don't want to go out , out . call me and yes probably around 12 😔 
USERNAME haha definitely not . i'm sore all over :( 
getting wisdom teeth out sucks :( my mouth is still numb and i went in at 9:00 :( #stupidwisdomteeth 
i think i'm getting what u got ...... :( #scared 👎 😭 
that awesome moment when you're thinking about that whole essay you have to do before your dad gets here -____- #fml #ihatehistory 
USERNAME no no i have haha , i saw the trailer for dead island 2 i believe ? and i want it ! no one plays though :( 
USERNAME jk i know ... i don't wanna grow up :( 
my depleting bank account is making sad . :( #broke 
USERNAME oh no ! ! :( sorry to hear that , too bad…it was so packed in the main room @ guv when they were in i couldn’t handle more than an hr 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know ! ! i was just complaining to kayla ! ! me an rachel have maylynn next 😣 
USERNAME i think im gonna get what u got ..... 😭 😩👎 #scared 
hero by mariah carey >>>>>>>>>> emotional song ! 😭 😢 😥 
i hate wearing my glasses , but my eyes just burn soo bad i have too .. ): 
the wind today is way too damn intense . ): < 
USERNAME i don't think i'm leaving now :( let's go surprise her ! 
USERNAME USERNAME well . my life sucks . ughh . 😭 😭 😭 😭 i freaking can't wait ! 
really want some ihop right now USERNAME USERNAME 😥 😩 
being hurt by someone you cared about so much 💔 
USERNAME i got scared . i didnt want my ass beat :'( 
USERNAME scratch that- we arent going .. talk about a real heart break 😪 💔 
#ff USERNAME USERNAME and let them touch your butts because i'm a big jerk :( 
fall fall fall . . . . what are you doing to me :( 
USERNAME you kidding me ... sometimes i don't have :( (( 
😷 😣 😱 <--- jesh and benjy's face when they saw her legs ! ! 
USERNAME 😔 you make me sound like a horrible person , stop . 
USERNAME USERNAME the only chocolate cake i make is cheater cake: URL i'm bad at cakes :( #worstbaker 
vet confirmed the worst 😢 kilo has lymphoma 😞 🐶 #soupset 
a shame that the key partner group is unsupportive of working with parents , students etc w respect to personalized learning :( 
USERNAME riight ! ! ! like wtf is my life :( 
USERNAME freaking phone is flippin out on me .. typing in its own and not refreshing .. :( 
USERNAME i know im ugly :( i cant help it .. i was born this way .. :/ lol 
USERNAME haha no i decided to leave the suit at home this time ! i'm sorry i know i'm lame ! 😞 
USERNAME what i do ? i'm a faithful man , i'm trying to be true to ka'mille and she just not having it . 😔 😒 
stubbed my toe last night and it started spewing blood . woke up this morning and it looks like its been run over with a truck ... twice . :( 
USERNAME 1 i miss ya ! & 2 i need a ride ! now i gotta ride the shitty ass bus n walk home 😭 
i just want to start fresh . i want a clean slate . i want to forget about you . 😔 
USERNAME yea you left me all by myself in english 😔 
lol rt USERNAME lamar odom (6 games played ): 1.8 ppg , 2.2 rpg , 0.7 apg , 22.7% fg 
USERNAME es q sigo sin entenderlo de verdad ... :( 
USERNAME no invite ? ? i see how we goin now 😔 
USERNAME nikki told me , that's fucked up dood 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME noo ! he doesnt die does he ? ! :'( 
USERNAME we need cats , wanna go get cats tonight ? :( 
all you can eat fajita nights: awesome ! all you can shit fajita mornings: suck :( 
USERNAME what are you guys doing ? i cant :( 
i miss my niece :( i low key cried last night wen she left 
USERNAME probably not :( i would at least call verizon or w . e you have and disable your service 
USERNAME i sowwy 😔 guess we can no longer have our secret affair that's been going on sense the first time andrew introduced us 😳 
dreams can feel so real .. i do miss you sometimes :( 
it really does hurt my heart when all these analysts talk shit on my eagles ... if we were healthy , it would a completely different story 😔 
i might be time to start taking down the halloween decorations . :( 
i am tired i am sleeping in my classes ! :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i gotta go to office hours 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME both sold out in 2 minutes #sadtweet 
i thought going home would help , but i'm more depressed than ever now 😔 #homesick #missmyboy #fiveweeks 
i want to get all cute 👌 😭 😭 and pampered than go to my boyfriends game 💅💆💏🏈 
open house for kory ! they grow up so fast :'( (@ niu convocation center) URL 
i hate that you don't want to talk to me anymore 😔 
#iwillneverunderstand why my grandparents are so mean too me .. 😔 
:( sorry to hear that . rt USERNAME oh , and yes . i am laid off again . 
sick in bed & watching the chew :'( @ centex hillcrest community URL 
in serious need of chicken soup , gingerale &crackers 😔 😣 😷 #sosick #dying #whatthefuck 
i hate seeing the aspca commercials .. it makes me want to go get all of them .. 🐶🐱 😢 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME awe 😞 hurry up 12oclock ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME jealous your forcing yourself to gain weight :( lol 
USERNAME yea it will but college just gets harder 😔 
seriously i am just broken . #alone #lostwithoutyouseriously 😔 😭 😢 💔 
i hate how i'm on tumblr and i'm scrolling down and then u press the wrong button and it goes all the way back to the top 😳 😭 😭 😭 
it's crazy how i had a dream about him the see him on the bus by me . he lives right by me . why don't i know his name . 😞 
#dcweek session on transmedia . standing room only . i'm here far too late yo see/hear anything . :( URL 
so so so so tired ! i need a power nap 😣 
USERNAME i miss markdowns and working during the holidays :( 
USERNAME is a titty baby because he doest text back :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME so sick . you wouldn't believe the racist words she used ... not cool :( 
lmfaoo ! i thought what we had was real ! 😫rt USERNAME msprettylady06 mama ? 😭 😭 nope nah . im definitely not doing it now lmao 
wishing joel , was still a little baby , so my mom would get all his gerbers and i could eat them :( 
USERNAME i wanna wear mu uggs ! phoenix still warm :( 
my puppy took her last breathe at 10 i've had her since i was 2 :( 
86 on that anthro test . smh not what i was going for . 😔 
no ! ! my stomach hurting again ! ! :( 
just watched a guy with a broken leg get into his car . he had such a hard time . #aw #sosad 😭 
a hoot pocket sounds good right about now ! ! ! #starving ): 
i just showered and i don't want to put clothes on :( 
USERNAME haha it's all good . and kind of ? i think more on the no side :( 
omg , i don't know what i did but my back fuckin hurts . :( 
crossing all my appendages that this teacher lets me into this class and my schedule works out 😳 😧 🙏 
but i really do think he might be gay :'( #awk 
if i could go back to lastnight and change everything i would 💔 💔 
USERNAME lmao next weekend ! hey it's not like you hit me up anyway 😔 
i miss 8th grade with wes , & neeraja ! :( 
i just feel like dieing so wont feel this pain inside of me </3 
both my best friends have boyfriends now . which means i really have no life 😔 
bigbang ! lol . "USERNAME retweet if you miss someone :( ” 
i've missed the last 3 episodes of degrassi :( :( 
i'm going to miss my family this weekend 💔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
USERNAME i'm chester ! ! ! ! ! :( ( 
so sad i put my earphones through the washer now i can't listen to music at the gym 😔 
it's one thing to be mean to someone , it's another to be a total douche about it and rub it in their face . 😥 
my little baby girl nora is sick ): only good thing is she is so cuddly and sleeping on my <3 
USERNAME USERNAME what ! ? ! that's lame ... really , really lame . this was quickly becoming a tradition for me and my friends :( 
having a dream about somebody you aren't on talking terms with and waking up thinking bongs are normal again then realizing it was a dream :( 
why are people so corrupted now a days , instead of helping one another they wanna fcuk you over . it's so sad , love is fading 😔 
jersey shore is kinda boring this season . i miss USERNAME 😔 
celam ara . :( (@ toronto outer harbour marina) [pic]: URL 
USERNAME mandarin chinese will be the death of me #fml #foreignprofessors 
USERNAME mine stopped working after i updated it last night ! then i tried this morning and it worked ! couldn't have that not work . ): lol . 
USERNAME my nephew is coming and so is lauren ! so come on down too the james house ... but not now i have to clean :( 
USERNAME i still haven't seen one since i've been here :'( 
USERNAME haha i'm there to at 245 😭 i see you're on your 📱 and 💖🎀💎🙆 emoji grind 
i miss my shawty dyjon . idk his USERNAME tho :( 
i just want to curl up in a ball n cuddle .... my tummy hurts :-( 
i want to go watch skyfall in imax but i'm broke :( 
can it be like 7:00 so i can see USERNAME ? ? 😔 ❤ 👍 
USERNAME hahaha i wanna come play in the snow :( ? 
USERNAME if i didn't have to work then i would . i miss you too :( 
USERNAME no creo tener el suficiebte entendimiento para saber lo q aqui paso :( 
USERNAME i know right ? ! it is a little scary & a huge smack in the face for poor jace :( 
USERNAME i was talking to someone and texting at the same time .. it was a mistake .. a common mistake 😞 
miss my brancos terribly 💔 can't wait to be with them ! ! 
made an on my psych exam ! but i'm pretty sure i bombed my gov . exam . :( 
this girl behind me says the most outrageous things i've ever heard 😦 
those chairs in class kill my back and make it feel like someone took a baseball bat to it for the rest of the day 😣 
hopefully some retail therapy will be helpful this weekend ! #wishfulthinking 👛💰 😔 
aww ... my heart , got 4 teeth pulled today 😔 #shehighasgas 
people get so surprise when i don't talk . haha 😣 
USERNAME i need the twilight saga , food , and a massage 😔 🙏 
USERNAME no ! ! ! ! it's just not true :( (( ahhah but #yolo 
goodbye paso 😢 #home #leaving #sad #creston #street #myview #scenery #falleaves #clouds # @ paso robles , ca URL 
wish i was off today 😣 lol .. ughh long day . not ready for it .. 
USERNAME 😭 im too poor but thanks for reminding me of my failure . 
i want my hair to be this long . i miss it . 😞 #freakingadorable URL 
ready for this day to be over , me sleepy :( ( 
i don't think i can take this sickness much more . #imfeelingmiserable 😷😷 😞 😞 
USERNAME i wish i knew who you were talking about 😞 
im just not in the mood for you right now . im not mad . im just tired . 😣 
USERNAME sorry :( hope whatever it is gets better ! ! ! ! 
feels like ii been at work for ever tho 😏 can it be 2 already 😣 😁 
i just wanna be blue couch chillin' with my babes right now 😔 
USERNAME i have one episode to go ! i didn't realize that it was over :( 
dang , i wish i was in atl i wanna be mansion élan lol . 😔 
sigh . even in the angry birds universe , han doesn’t shoot first . :( URL 
USERNAME i haven't seen you in a fucking minute 😔 
a hot pocket sounds good right about now ! #starving ): 
USERNAME yes ! i just have to go to a play tonight for theatre first :( 
USERNAME bahaha .. i hate having to drive ! gas is not cheap missy ! 😔 
when your mac dies at work and i forgot the charger #fml #javieproblems #atleastigotmyiphone 
USERNAME i have to host my critique group that afternoon-i don't get to go :( 
why am i so depressed all the time ? 😔 
but i still got all this work to do ): 
no one is home someone come over it's conley :( 
USERNAME i always see guys complaining about girls on my twitter . i'm not apart of that , right ? 😔 
this chola is taking pics of me :( i'm scared to say some cus she might throw her gang at me #maryvaleproblems 
here to pay the piper . :( (@ porter county treasurer) URL 
USERNAME i still want a player 2 shirt from the old shop but too late now :( 
my bro USERNAME told me all guys are liars & cheaters :'( 
girl behind me jus said she is taking 18 hours . i'd rather kill myself 😣 🔫 #collegelife 
shit , i really do miss you during the day .. </3 
USERNAME ill see yuh on tuesday 😔 i'm goin to see wreck it ralph tonight 
i'm gonna miss not tutoring for physics next semester 😞 
i feel grimey as fuck for getting subway today instead of jimmy johns . 😔 
USERNAME even worse now that northrop will be smaller than the orpheum (2400) when it reopens :( 
and tonight i should be on my way to see them for the 3rd time . 💔 
USERNAME i still have a long closing shift ...... remember ? ? ? ? ? some of us work fri night :( 
most stressful day ever . it's only 12. no sleep , fifteen screaming three-year-olds , no food , oral spanish exam . yaah .. kill me now please ! :( 
USERNAME massages always make a huge difference for me . it’s the only thing i’m not covered for of course . so can’t go as i should . :( 
because i feel like shit and i hope a gingerbread latte will help change that :( (@ starbucks) URL 
was so upset when i went to koto and it was closed 😭 
ady defintely gave me what she had . 😢 😷 
USERNAME i've heard good things about shake shack ! there are just too many resturants to try in new york :( #firstworldproblems 
whoever is above me sounds like they are playing marbles . please be quit ! i need a nap 😔 
USERNAME i love you . why won't you notice me ? 💔 💔 
that's another full tank of gas , wasted since i decided not to online bank . 😔 
wish jared would quit about the evan patterson jokes . 😔 
#ouch ! better than a one-hand touch ! USERNAME is right . time for some dairy queen therapy ! rt USERNAME past 15 meters underwater :( 
wishing i was at opening day with USERNAME and the #dicksquad crew ! first one i've missed in five years 😔 
class is cancelled and my next one starts at 1pm 😣 @ grossmont college URL 
i want my friends here 😭 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
my 4g only works when i'm not in parker . #hellhole #fml 
the bathroom light would burn out while i was showering #fml 
USERNAME selen even came down ! no . :( i will be staying here for thanksgiving . lari is suppose to go though . 
when i lose my phone charger #thatstheshitidontlike 😔 😤 😒 
wtf internet not working at work ... guess it'll have to be a productive day after all ... #fml #hateweekdays #onlineshoppingfiend 
happy birthday , matthew ian . i love you and can't wait to see you again some day . 💔 
why wasn't i born a guy ? no ones going to ever marry me because i'm too competitive with sports :( fuck 
some complications in my surgery , but i'm good now ! won't be at school for a while ): 
just hit a bird on the drive home :( :( 
shittiest week ever . i just wanna disappear off the face of the earth or some shit . 😞 
so much work to do but having a computer crisis ! i accidentally spilled some water on it and now it doesn't want to work 😩 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wish i was coming with you girls :( 
seriously feel like i'm dying , not even lemon zinger tea is helping . 😔 😔 😔 
sick :( why does this have to happen when i have plans tonight ! 
USERNAME i don't think they would accept me 😔 i'm too happy of a person 
i hate murrieta shoppn its all ugg boots and colored jeans wtff :( 
i've been up since 8 i'm ready for a nap :( not gonna happen tho 
dang , i wish i was in atl i wanna be at mansion élan lol . 😔 
USERNAME it wasn't funny at all it was so embarrassing ! ! 😞 
that moment when you realize a class you have to take next semester is only offered at 8am #fml 
ouch ... didnt wanna spend all that money . :( 
getting this stupid burn checked :( (@ springfield burke family practice) URL 
USERNAME thanks for making me all happy .. it's my out in houston :( you should follow me just cuz ; ! 
USERNAME shit to bad i dont go there now :( 
work and a physics test on a friday 😁 😔 🔫 
grounded for so fucking long #fuckmylife #insomuchshit #shouldnthavelied sorry daddy 
hungry but don't know what i want to eat :( 
USERNAME i can't tomorrow 😔 someone's bday is coming up ! 
USERNAME yes hahah and do it ! i miss you too :( 
doc appointment . :( (@ medical clinic of north texas) URL 
last day at first colony :( (@ apple store) URL 
rip to my wonderful friend mary's grandma ... who has been suffering a long time . you and your family are in my prayers bbygrl #ermas #bff 💔 ✊ 
USERNAME .... #fine :'( first step is admitting i have a problem i suppose haha 
work today , tomorrow , sunday , and monday #fml #ohwell 
i have had the woorst cramps since last night . 😭 
i had some black ones buut i don't know what happened to them :( 
USERNAME i feel the exact same way ... :( #nolife #collegestudent 
USERNAME no not to glendora 💔 be home for thxgiving though ! 
i can't change your mind , but i can try .. </3 
i wish she was mine again ! 😔 #team lonely 
2hr psychological perceptions exam 😣 smh ... wish me luck ! ! ! ! 
walked two miles to get cheerwine at hana food 2. they ran out :( 
whenever i wake up all my suitemates are gone 😭 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME poo ! well hopefully you will be able to watch it online ! i'm sorry love bug ): 
USERNAME aww i miss you moree 😔 i'll come back soon 👌 
USERNAME i know i'm sorry ! i keep forgetting :( do work sunday ! ? 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yea , i wont be around :( 
USERNAME thanks but i don't get off for another 30 mins :( 
i don't want to work a nine hour shift today :'( 
USERNAME oof let me talk to my mom first :( 
USERNAME thought you were here for a second , almost got happy and invited you 😔 
that fire has me in tears . praying for the rest of the family 😢 🙏🙏 
USERNAME i'm seriously counting down the days until i dont have class with 'nasty girl' ! shes soo annoying ! ps i miss you :( 
not feelin this waterpolo thing saturday i just want to spend all day with USERNAME 💔 💔 💔 💔 sfs is happening though 
getting so pale 😞 thank god for aruba in 7 days 😉 
USERNAME ah i'm sorryy ! ! ! wish i was there to take your orderr 😢 
missed skyfall with the gang last night because of the flu . thought i'd be getting better by now , but just not happening :( 
i really wish i knew how to work/use pintrest . it looks so cool 😞 
i still have 5 1/2 hours of work left . 😣 🔫 
USERNAME home :( i'm coming soon though my nails look horrible 
wrist hurts like a mother ... this morning :( ugh & i get to restock today . fudge ! 
keep randomly seeing that (1) after my email and thinking that it will be the email , but it's not .. 😔 
waiting for him at the airport (he had pt 😔 ) URL 
hearing christina perry on the radio ... i wanna see her in concert again :( 
USERNAME no :( (( he just got here . #fool 😡 😠 
tears are all that i am motivated to produce today . here comes the long road to recovery for my beautiful mom yet again . 😢 
USERNAME hate when that happens , but then again i haven't had a check in awhile . 😞 
hipsters (noun ): the only people who think a suede jacket , skinny jeans , black & neon green nikes and not shaving looks good together . 
ugh i can't even clean up without my allergies fucking with me :( 
my phone has been saying that it's gonna be almost 70 and sunny on saturday all week . now it's saying it's gonna storm :( 
USERNAME rachel and kurt might not even be in this one at the rate it's going 😔 
USERNAME aww :( that sucks i hope u recovery soon 
i hate the fucking dentist glad i aint getting my tooth pulled today cause i can't deal wit that long as needle in my gums :( ( 
that’s pocket change; ) lol rt USERNAME & also i need to go buy the parts for my car . there gonna cost like 300$ for two dam parts :( 
i'm deprived of my bestfriends . i need to see them . 😔 
USERNAME lol i know you are i'll be at work though :'( 
my new deodorant smells good , iwas trying to make USERNAME sniff my armpit lmao , but she didn't want to :( 
USERNAME i look ugly , i just woke up . 😔 
USERNAME boo ! am i the only person who doesn't work or something 😣 i was gonna ask you to do happy hour with mee ! ! haha 
vou ver o show do indiana jones dnv , perfeito é pouco .. sdds :c 
my gum line on my molar hurts 😣 😓 😷 
going to the doctor :( at least the football team gets to pay for it 
im going to kill all of you who said boku no pico was the worst anime because you made me look it up :( :( :( :( :( 
take back 'merica ! ! :( rt the united states of america has less english-speaking people than the people's republic of china . 
but shit my parents be acting like they paying for my tuition . but i need them for transportation 😔 
USERNAME i just emailed it to her . but she never checks it so she'll probably never see it :( 
such pretty girls sit in front of me in class . #fml #notlearning #tgif 
i think brody might have an ear infection ... #cantcatchabreak :( 👶👂 
i'm the only guy on this trip . 😭 #flagrunning #cheer 
i think the worst thing i've gotten being pregnant is swollen hands ! i hate it , i can't even take off my wedding ring bc it causes pain 😠 😭 😞 
USERNAME well i usually try to and u then u can't because u already had plans 😥 
USERNAME as of right now no :c taking a break cause family business crap and yeah . it sucks when my parents think im a tech genius 
i'd do anything to go to this concert tonight :( USERNAME 
USERNAME hahah it was a miracle ! 🌟 why didn't USERNAME or USERNAME not say anything to me ! ! 😢 😥 😰 😩😫 
USERNAME lol i wish but i'm not coming down this weekend 😞 😞 
don't make someone your priority when you are only their option . 😢 💩 USERNAME 
wanna see sistar too :( anyone knows what is their arrival time ? 
i'll miss the homecoming for money anyway i guess i'll see mary and cate on another weekend 😪 💔 
USERNAME they said they will eventually add filters . i really wish search went back to the old sort . :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
filing in attendance all period everyday is the worst . 😭 @ ruben s . ayala high school URL 
so USERNAME is playing in orlando today and i can't see him . #sadtweet 
USERNAME miss you to ant :( ill see you all soon 😘 
USERNAME no i just looked a my calendar i have two finals saturday morning #imlame :( 
my puppy has a thing for headphones ... :( there goes the last pair i had :'( #sadday #mean URL 
USERNAME my sis aint even called me nd see if im okay :( 
i forgot i have to work the night shift :( 
napping until the last possible minute that i can before i have to get ready for work :( 
we could play monopoly . i really wanna , but i don't have anyone to play with :( 
the fact that takis are being sold outside of mexican stores <<<<< 💔 😪 
USERNAME i'm always gonna be a lil kid at heart .. had a good time but cried when u turned down my sleepover invitation 😥 
USERNAME miss you , love you ! i was just thinking about you the other day ! thought i passed you on summit but it wasn't you :( 
just said goodbye to USERNAME won't see him for awhilee . excuse me while i bawl my eyes out and whine all day . 😭 😩 
omg tomorrow is my sister cashas 20th birthday :'( .... i miss her soo much & not being able to celebrate with her tomorrow hurts my heart 
USERNAME he was the only one teaching it ! ! 😣 
gotta get one new key remade :-( (@ home depot) URL 
USERNAME lol i'm paying for it today 😣 i hope u don't work this weekend lol 
watching my niece . her allergies are bad today . :( (@ fisher house) URL 
i'm hurt about the blackout party ... i haven't been to one yet :'( 
aww no-__- no more blonde ): i liked the blonde . 
USERNAME well i wasn't really tired then tho . ): #dying . 
USERNAME just snap chatted me a picture of my house :( #notfair #homesick #missit 
what i do when i'm all alone . 😣 😳 my socks >>>> URL 
USERNAME hahaha oh no . now my plan doesn't sound so good ... darnit :( 
USERNAME home :( boys slept in so i had no way to school ! 
i suck as a dog owner :( left the tv on today and the dogs had to watch wendy williams . #imsorry 
USERNAME ugh now i miss jazzman's and night and day . i need a mansfield trip in my life soon . :( 
USERNAME i'm at school 😔 but thank you though , wish i could lol 
USERNAME second semester i will ! i'm fairly busy as of this semester 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME unfortunately not :-( this trip is full of characters and my prego sister ! ! u ? ? 
my throat hurts :( i just got better too ! 
there are people in nj/by that are worse off than me . have you seen staten island ? it looks like a tent city . :( 
USERNAME sounds like fun but i don't go to mc :c 
lower part of my stomach hurt like shit an i dont wanna go to work today 😔 
boo :( (@ los angeles superior beverly hills courthouse) URL 
USERNAME sunday is my lazy day to lay in my bed ) ): 
USERNAME hahahahaha fuck she got them fat ass laces u get at the dollar store on her cortez's lol i ain't risking it :( 
USERNAME 😞 mine too . i regret it . it was a phase lol 
watching my baby cousin , so grown up :'( USERNAME #boa2012 #indianapolis #lucasoil 
USERNAME work until 11 😔 but i wanna party ! 
after having nine days off , back to work i go today :( 
running on 2 and a half hours of sleep now ... 😭 
i hate having school and not being able to see people as much as i did in highschool 😿 
USERNAME i wish . i have $11 to my name . 😢 
trying not to cry , cause im still with my mommy but i cant help it :'( 
USERNAME me too :( i miss everything yac :/ #nostalgic 
like sorry calc is hard and my professor sucks 😭 
i swear it gets tougher & tougher every year for me & i'm sure for everybody else .... :'( 
USERNAME sorry armstrong 😔 please forgive me . i'm going back to sleep 
USERNAME i'm so sad & i just washed my car too :( 
wanna nap but i just painted my nails 😞 😴 
i wish i had a picture of the film thing we took in that photo booth :( 
USERNAME ***bigg hugss*** xoxoxo ! muahh ! ;)now that i know ur home safe , im giving my thumbs a break&gna rest 4 abi t.t hroats gettin sore . xo ! 
:( no lol i'm prolly gonna be there around 1 tho 
my heart's been in a lot of pain ... not emotionally lol i think i need to cut down on 🍔🍟🍝🍛🍱🍣🍡🍦🍲🍧🎂🍰 😔 
USERNAME you're fab you deserve 69k and i've been at almost 1k since like august :-( :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah but we don't have any lunches or classes together :( ( 
who kills a cactus , wow .... 6 months without h2o ... totally forgot i left it here :-( @ the devil's den URL 
can't believe i just got that news 😔 😔 😔 😥 😰 
been told twice today that i should be married by now ... awesome . #fml 
12 😔 USERNAME USERNAME ehh what time are you off” 
two things that get me through my day ... altoids and ibuprofen ... i used am old altoids tin for a @ work :( URL 
i was wondering who had passed away in my town and it was my cousin that's so damn crazy .... 😔 😔 😔 😞 
owwie i burnt my tongue on pizza rolls 😣 . 
sad puppy is sad . he does this everyday when i go to work . :( #ilovemypitbull #pitsofig #d @ château midkiff URL 
target whyy do you take all my money 😭 #wah 
USERNAME i hope you don't either . but i had the same symptoms and i have the flu 😔 😪😷 
one of those days when everyone is making me feel like the bad person .... 😢 
USERNAME i was just trying to prepare you . 😭 
USERNAME you look so good ! ! miss you 😔 
the fact that i'm suppose to go out w/ my friends & they said we should all bring our boyfriends ! #heybitches #imsingle :( 
último día aquí :( (@ intel - ronler acres campus) URL 
my manager just came up to me &hugged me and i was like 😣 😖 what is wrong with you 😒 an he goes this is from monica and then i was like oh yay 
i just wanna go home and get back into bed 😣 😷 
just tryin to see dilly frannz tonight . why urban , why 10 am tomorrow 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
so thirsty and i didn't bring a drink to my class :( 
blasting t-swift 🎶🎶crying 😢 in the shower🛀don't judge me . 
not uses to being at school on a friday morning ._. gotta make up a test , statistics 💔 @ santa ana college URL 
oh no i'm almost out of pain pills :( ((((((((((((((( 
have to work all wknd without USERNAME 👎 😭 #wahh #bestfriendwithdrawal 
looking at old pictures and wishing things could still be the same .. 😞 
i don't feel good , cj is playin tonight and i have to work . waahh 😭 😭 #annoying 
thanks for considering my feelings . can i just go home and sleep already ? 😑 😔 ✌ 
i'm hungry so hungry and there's no food in this house 😔 
once you turn a shirt in a party shirt .. there's no going back 😔 
i'm done with people borrowing my stuff- i never get it back ! 😥 #annoyed #toonice 
USERNAME lol & i don;t know yet :( hopefully no 
i knew i was right :( but that's on me just live & learn . 
USERNAME it's true , i regret not playing volleyball more than anything . and now highschool is almost over for me . :( 
ooh , lunch coming up . too bad i don't have anything to eat . :( 
the awkward moment when u call USERNAME because u are going to get her starbucks before school and she doesn't reply or answer ! :( cool 
USERNAME i *often* see scrolling freeze in chrome , regardless of site . :( 
USERNAME lets not have a repeat of last year :( 
USERNAME on black friday i work 7pm to 4am :( i know your pain . 
“USERNAME dang it i slept on my glasses and they are crooked :( (" i noticed . i knew i should've taken them off URL 
a real nigga up early finna head to downtowns hospital :( 
scotty mccreery is like 3 hours away from me . :( 
USERNAME aw i don't work til 1 today shawty . that's weird i been sitting here since 11 😦 
USERNAME noo ! i needed to talk to my lover 😔 
USERNAME hmm , maybe ;) just for you ! i miss you :( ( i wish nhl wasn't locked out still locked out so we could have a bdubs date 
bout ta start these 50 loads of laundry & clean tha house . :( #sadday 
so USERNAME your mom told my mom you're coming home this weekend ... thanks for telling me 😔 
USERNAME has a sad pony tail ... :( lol URL 
USERNAME good crazy or bad ? and wow people are assholes ! me and USERNAME know all about thieves ): i'm sorry ! 
it's freaking hot outside and all i have are freaking boots and winter shit 😡 😥 
USERNAME yeah , but i'll probably just be in town for a day . i have to work black friday . ): < 
this may be useful to any homebrew users out there (lists brews ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i knoww 💔 . my family just planed this last minute ! 
USERNAME aww :( i haven’t been able to find a really slim profile case in red . i want it to match my other apple goodies ! 
even though i'm done with class for the week at 3, i still have hella shit to do today . so it won't even feel like friday 😔 #exhausted 
USERNAME lucky . :( our school is nothing but a big popularity contest 
USERNAME i will i will ! haven't seen you in about 12 yrs 😢 
just realized i made a grammar/spelling mistake on twitter . #fml #failure 
i need to go to the game tonight why does my dad hate me 😔 
i loove getting texts from you . why dont you want me ? :( #givemeachance 
USERNAME omg i'm jealous . :( i had some yesterday , i swear i keep my sisters job open . my dream is to get on the board for most fro yo 
USERNAME babe ok ill pre order it just stop ignoring me niall it hurts </3 
fml doesn't even begin to cover it .... ugh . why do all good things come to an end ? :( 
i forgot to bring my turkey sandwich , fuck ! i told you today was just plain crummy USERNAME 😞 
all i ask it that you be real with me ... </3 
i need USERNAME in my life . it's been too long . #sadtweet 
doctor's appt to find out when i need to get my left foot fused because the pervious three surgeries didn't work . :-( URL 
no wonder i dont date fuckin females . they drive me up a wall ! USERNAME funny ? no ? ... :( 
it's very hard to study for a mid term when you have a baby 😞 
this is the longest i've ever been away from home 😢 
i miss my lard ass of a cat :( URL 
i'm watching me and her movie :( and she not here with me </3 #bootycall 
USERNAME nope they made me get a shot . :( 
pretty upset i'm working til 8pm 😪 😢 😭 #ff 
depressed over de'borah getting sent home last night :( (@ evolution fitness) [pic]: URL 
you know your having a bad day when all you can think about is what your getting for lunch . # :( 
im tired of homebound , i wanna go back too school now ! :( 
what the fuck is this pain i feel 😣 😖 
why is mackenzie such an idiot 😭 😭 jesus bless you child . 
i can't drink hard liquor no more . after abusing it to much ur stomach can't handle it anymore :( 
did i really just burn myself with my straightener ? ! 😩 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i'm so upset i don't get to see you this weekend :( #sadtweet 
i dun got home n forgot my damn phone charger in southfield 😞 😱 
no school today . hungry af but nothing to eat . home alone . at my house is cold as hell :( not a good friday morning 
need to start bringing aspirin to school .. #headaches 👎 😣 
my charger port on my phone isn't working again .. mothersucka .. ): 
USERNAME lol i like kurt noww :( but did u finish the episode you are gonna gleek the f out . #seriously 
how am i supposed to shower when there are two people i don't know blocking the bathroom door , completely passed out 😔 
USERNAME what the hell , i accidentally blocked you :( follow back haha 
USERNAME #flashbackfriday peep the puc miss those days :( we were so carefree 
USERNAME ik :( sad day ! i still have all my bday cards from you haha 
USERNAME at one point i was working full time on weekends . i couldn't do it anymore man 😞 
my bed feels perfect right now , i really don't want to get up 😞 😴 #lazy 
dooner farewell lunch :( (@ uncle julio's fine mexican food) URL 
my nails are growing & they're fucking hurting . 😣 
my babygirl is coming hone for the weekend from school ! yay ! too bad i work till midnight :( 
i thought the bones were bad ... onto muscles 😣 
have to belt my face off in an hour and i can barely talk my voice is so tired :( this should be fun .... #fyouvoice #suckitupandsing 
i wish you would hang with me 😔 but you don't love me 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME whoa dude , she is unhinged ! sadly , she isn't the only one :( 
USERNAME dude yeah ! ! ! i want to but its zelenes bday :( 
last practice before the boys leave :'( #afaylenesky @ 3065 live URL 
USERNAME is it ? ! ? wtf , my calendar says its today ... 😔 😳 oh well . 
i can't believe they are playing 'it's friday i'm in love' :( def not in the mood for the cure at the dmv #youarenotclever 
it goes from ilove yhu to i hate yhu :'( <3 
USERNAME u dumped me didn't u ? ? ? :( 
saw an old man trying to get a car on a trailer by himself :( i wish i could've stopped to help #runninglate #sadtweet 
everytime i see disney pictures , i get emotional af ): #ijustloveitsomuch #only50daysuntilyouguysseeminethough 
USERNAME i feel like i haven't talked to you in forever ! :'( 
domino's for the crib ! 💵🍻 @ 😾 big kat's boom boom room 😼 URL 
USERNAME if i didn't have to work i would :( 
time for the risk management forum :( (@ occ orange county convention center) URL 
USERNAME hahaha idk . im about to get my car back and lose the oppertunity to drive the truxk :( but dnt worry im savin for my own 
chillin wit my god sons before they leave me :( 
waahh ! i chipped a little part at the top of my iphone ! 😟 😥 
i'm hurt by your liking of my check-ins USERNAME :( 
USERNAME omgg i'm so sorry :( insurance will cover it right ? ! 
USERNAME nothing man . he makes me do bitch work . i wish i can work there 😭 ima find a new job fuck it 
is it the 21st yet ? no ? fuck life . 😞 
USERNAME teach me how to have short hair swag 😔 
it's only sad that i won't be seeing USERNAME today 😭 
USERNAME don't hate because you don't talk to me :( 
USERNAME waiting for my arm to get out of this stupid sling :( 
USERNAME :( more to look forward to when were 21 
i have 38% battery to last me the whole weekend :( 
my brat (sabrina) isnt feeling && hasn't been feeling good for three days now :( 
having sensi skin will be the death of me .... 😠 😣 
USERNAME this is not something i like to hear about being a baby nurse ... feeling kinda expendable 😥 
may be the last time with the crew :( (@ duff's famous wings) URL 
#thingsyoudontwanttosee big women wearing skin tight pants . leggings , yoga pants , tight jeans whatever . #shitisnasty USERNAME 😫 😭 😵 💩👎 
i never wear jeans , not cause i don't want too , cause none of them fit hahaha 😢 
i want romeo people to say somthing about me ! 😔 
ucaga bin , maca git , antremana git , yemek ye , tekrar maca git , antremana git , uyu , tekrar ucaga bin , eve don , derse git , antreman ... haftasonum :( 
the smell of a track makes me miss cheerleading so much .. 😭 
you cheated on me with that dirty ratchet ;'c </3 
omg , now it's fuckin windy & dusty ! talk about #horribleday :( 
USERNAME yes please ! aw kell i miss you too :( i haven't even talked to you in forever . #toobusyfordee :( 
USERNAME USERNAME damn i thought we had more .. that must be this week .. :( 
USERNAME nope .. 😞 megmegs in dere do .. 😵 
someone come wait on me hand and foot .. i can't move :( 
USERNAME yeah you missed it being applied with an ice cube . good times . i wish you didn't always have to catch the bus :( 
omg i just bit into a pizza that had meat hidden all under the cheese . :( ( fucking ugh . 
had a dream chedda bug died . oh no ! :( 
beer , vodka & buchannan's ! ! never again . 😖 😩 😭 
i wana go to dallas so bad ! i miss my cousins 😔 
no matter how old i get ill always hate the doctors office :( 
soo tired , dont wanna be here today what so ever :'( 
USERNAME i took it before realizing what it was :( i thought it would be rude to give it back 
i really wish USERNAME wouldn't beat me up everyday :'( 
USERNAME in america it dont come out til monday :( 
that awful feeling of being shutdown from a job #fml #fail #ineedajob #forhire #broke #overqualified 
these clouds need to go away my knee hurts :( reason why i leftd the cold nm 
aww i won't see herve tonight 😢 i miss my brother to 
USERNAME i'm at home sick ... please tell me you hope i feel better 😢 
sad that USERNAME won't be at syc :( i miss you ! ! 
my moms birthday is tomorrow and idk what to give her 😔 
doctor visits are more fun when you're leaving 😢 😊 #instacollage @ neeta bhardwaj , m . d - pediatrics URL 
it would be a beautiful day and i'm gonna be stuck at work :( 
i wake up from a short nap too feeling like shit . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME genius ! ps - missed you at homecoming :( 
lunch with my little brother , even though he's not so little anymore . 😿 
fuck i left my makeup bag at my dorm 😔 😒 
im the oldest of my siblings , but the second shortest out of us all 😔 
can't wait to go home and be in my bed 😷 😔 
USERNAME yeah me too ! dexter is my baby and he ran away ! 😣 
USERNAME same i been chillin in class all day 😔 
USERNAME i texted u twice and caled once ! ! but it's cool ): ) 😒 
😭 oo this girl told this other girl she always readin her book(n math class) the girl replies , at least i can read u illiterate . #cutthroat 
today is not exactly a good one . the little things are getting to me . 😣 
USERNAME hey don't think that :( you will be fine i promise lol 
USERNAME i never see you either ! ! i think you hide from me :( 
radio tech . ): (@ dixie heights high school) URL 
if my mom didn't take me to the hospital my doctor said i would've been dead by now </3 
USERNAME sadly i don’t :( no one even finds me worth dating anymore . 
im taller then my ten yr old sister but shorter then my twelve yr old brother 😣 
USERNAME it's under my knee ... :( you guys are mean 
bert's with the best friend <3 USERNAME wishing USERNAME was here to join us :( #tradition #wah #nobananasplitsthough 
USERNAME i seriously do miss you . we need to hang out more 😔 
USERNAME omg stop ! why didn't i know about this 😢 😭 💔 
USERNAME noo me and USERNAME are crying right now 😭 
USERNAME i lost all mine in the hospital and for months after :( it got so thin ! stay positive , it'll grow . take your vitamins . 💗💗💗 
got some big decisions to make . can't keep avoiding them forever 😣 
USERNAME awe :( hope you feel better honey i'm here if anything <3 
honestly i'm going to die i'm too sleepy anyone want to work for me ...... no ok 😔 
USERNAME ahh ! ! did you do it ! ? and miss you too <3 3 :( i have a story 
i finally grabbed a book .. been so long 💔 @ hayden library URL 
now i hate having a car . i'm such a neat freak . & i constantly have to clean it 😔 
today is my son USERNAME last high school football district game . time has really flew by . i cannot believe its his senior year . :( 
USERNAME dislike ! :( i hope your day gets a little better ! 
all i want is some siviche buut noo . my mom hates me 😞 
USERNAME studying ! 😫 3 exams this upcoming week ... no going out for this girl 😭 
locked out if herman's room 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
today is the deadline for my application to be turned in and i still have it ..... wish i was going to europe . #depressing 
i vow to never drink again ! my stomach is killing me ! and i don't even know what happened last night . ugh . 😁 😖 😢 
ugh i don't even have a chance to go to the gym tho 😞 mann missed 4 days ina row ... soo bad ! i'm going thru withdrawals ! i need to run ! 
no matter how hard i try to let people's crudeness get to me it still does sometimes 😔 
hate that 90% of the time , when USERNAME calls me to hang out , i'm busy :( 
so uhm , i kinda miss tmobile already . 😔 
USERNAME i know . and all i packed was shorts :( #badplanning 
if i don't do good on this test , i'll lose my a 😞 #screwyoumath 
well uhm .... thinking still i might let her have a life with her bf but idk life is terrible :( 
USERNAME lucky ! ! ! ! ! i have 3 classes today ! #fml lol it's alright though . 
USERNAME lol ! i definitely won't be driving tonight so i can't promise anything :( 
loosing them wouldn't be so hard to take if heaven wasn't so far away 💔 
welp , no new guitar for me for a little while :( 
:( a major talent “USERNAME exclusive: philip roth confirms his retirement 
week 5 of the gymm completed and i've gained 3 poundss #theeffisthis #rigg #fml 
there's never a right time to say goodbye 😔 .. *starts dancing like chris brown* 
USERNAME sanki hep cemre kuzeyin pesinden kosturuyormus gibi gosteriyorlar :( kuzey ayni kuzey guney sendromuyla devam cok tutarsiz 
i should not always be stressed out over an orientation class . i hate the system here . 😞 
i think it's time to put away the dresses . ): 
USERNAME USERNAME welcome to lonelyville , population cobi and kaelyn 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME anyone have head phones i could borrow :( 
so i still wanna day drink ! ! just have nobody to join me ): 
i'm hungry with no singles for the vending machine and no time to run to the cafe in between classes 😔 
this talk in bible reminds me of critter . #rip 😔 
the worst thing about being sick is i can't sing :( 
is it true ? no physics test today ? 😱 😱 😣 😱 
USERNAME are you serious ? i actually tried really hard on the lab report ..... ): 
but lets be real . only a month of school left , i'm gonna be living in sweats and hoodies . #fml #cold #fockcollege #forrealdoe 
USERNAME USERNAME i know :( i just wasnt feeling it and i had to drive USERNAME and USERNAME drunk asses home 
24 hours from right now we will be performing our last show for the season . </3 
USERNAME months ago . she liked being outside . we live on an estate and i found her on my back porch :( she had been losing weight for 
ugh it always smells terrible in this classroom 😣 😖 
life saver since i lost heather's heat and flavor in legacy :'( (@ urban herbs - west side market) URL 
USERNAME it's smells like hand sanitizer ... you guys are mean :( 
USERNAME USERNAME hell , we paid $97 for book of mormon and those were the cheapest tickets available :( 
i wish i was at school today ... just so i can wish my bff USERNAME a happy birthday ! ): i love you best friend ! <3 happy birthday ! 
i miss my dad so much :( one more week <3 
USERNAME hey before i tweeted you saying if you were playing manc academy on the 20th and you replied - :( (( 
915 words , 3 pages , and about 3 hours later , i've finished my exam . now to begin my paper due in 2 hours ... #fml 
USERNAME yeah better cause after this week i'm done with rotations 😞 
i hope i did good on my test and quiz 😏 😮 😔 🙏 lol 
i only have 450 in my bank account :( wah 
i miss school :( haven't really seen anyone this week ! 
USERNAME haha especially when your watching a scary movie ): 
USERNAME bilmiyorum daha ne kadar uzicak :( kimsenin artik sabri kalmadi 
word of the day :c ahoots-in partnership; in league . 
finally getting out of bed & then being trapped on the couch 😔 URL 
obama sure has been turning on the water works lately . 😥 
check out rt USERNAME USERNAME behind the scenes dont belong to you (sneak peak ): URL via USERNAME 
i’d almost be excited , except that i can’t share this with my best friend . i wish you… never mind . :( 
USERNAME oh okay then i will give them a call . and yeah i've been applying everywhere online but they never call me :( 
we will miss u ! ! ! ! 😘 😢 @ sprague high school URL 
USERNAME when are we hanging girl ? ! i haven't seen you since kayla's grad party ! :( 
USERNAME but i don't want a b :( noo . i'm sad and i'm nervous now lol 
ahh ! ! ! ! ! i'm surrounded by dumb people :( 
USERNAME i got to suffer with it this weekend :( 
USERNAME yeah i even went there ! ! it's a goner 😭 
the clock always makes me think that after fifty comes 100 then i remember there is another 50 😔 
not feeling good .. someone bring me some chipotle , midol , & magic mike :( 
work 7pm to 7am ugghh 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 👀 😥 
USERNAME hey ! ate you going to zacks birthday party tonight ? or do you have to work ? :( 
this day just gets worse :( (@ mesa southeast mvd) URL 
i wish the fb players won their game tonight , they need some inspiration 😔 
USERNAME i have to wait till tuesday or monday or whichever one to get it 😢 
i seriously don't think i'll ever forgive myself for missing that 3 with 10 seconds left in the 3rd place state game . not ever . #sucks 🏀 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME i got called a ganky ass hoe today #fml #boyshateme 😭 🔫 
alex pointed out a cockroach crawling around the condiment dispensers in the cafeteria . yeah . i can't wait to get off campus for lunch 😔 
poor cat , it's been stuck there since 7am . 😿 
can't believe i'm turning 17 in less than 12 hours . i feel kinda old but i'm actually so young ): 
USERNAME i know ! ! ! i totally missed my chance .. </3 she was gonna be all mine #couldashouldawoulda 
forgetting a project at home that's due today <<<< #fml 
filled out paperwork to move into a single . thinking about next semester without my bff/roomie in parisdise is sad :( USERNAME don't leave ! 
USERNAME you finally got the coveted ! ? ! ? we have been trying for months ! and i'm not their to be part of it #sadday 
USERNAME please just follow me so my dreams come true and i can be happy :( :( 
i'm scared someone come kidnap me from hospital wahh 😢 😢 😢 😢 
so much for good friday .. :( waiting for best friend to get here to smoke 
going to take a shower and maintenance men are in your room 😭 
en estos momentos es cuando quisiera tener el poder teletransportarme . quiero a mi mamá :( 
in need of a good laugh right now . :( 
it's practice time :( and time for me to get ready lol guess texting has to come to minor hold ^_* 
USERNAME i still have not been to the new arena :( …… .. 
USERNAME hahaha maybe my bro tip just sucks .. 😞 #sadday 
USERNAME waah missed you too 😢 and tell me ! 
USERNAME i always miss top 10 plays :( ( <<> 
USERNAME 😧 i honestly do not know what to say to you after that .. 
"USERNAME this would frustrate me too ! uncounted ballots frustrating arizona voting groups - URL via USERNAME :( 
project you've been working on doesn't save and deletes off the computer 10 minutes before class<<<<<< #fml 
USERNAME oh my gosh . i'm gonna die :( i hate it already & it's not even half way over . 
ask my dad if he wants to get lunch and he said no :( looks like i'll just go back to bed for the rest of the day 😕 😕 
USERNAME :( awe jordyy on lock down ! #freejordyy ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME who knows , right ? claim you're looking for beta testers for the app ): 
USERNAME we'll get through this together :( “USERNAME mehmet okur quietly retires from basketball: URL 
well , last night was fun but now it's back to reality ... 😢 
USERNAME calvyn called me a jp the other night for the first time ever ... :( 
my bed and dresser are leaving me in a little while . last night is the last time i will sleep in my bed . #depression 
it's only 1 and i've already ate so much today 😧 
omfg .. i cant find my tweezers :( and i wanted to tame my eyebrows today ..... ugh . guess i gotta buy a new one . 
think this is why i've been having such bad dreams :( 
laundry takes so fucking long when you live in an apartment , where's my mom when i need her 😣 
you need to understand the shit you say to me hurts . 😔 
i get so jealous everytime i see someone drive by in a range rover on campus ! #whycantthatbeme ? 😔 
USERNAME well i can't give your number out anymore :( 
finally going home ! i need to see my family right now ! 😔 #horriblenightlastnight #horribleday 
phone is booming ... with nobody i wanna talk to . 😔 
bobcats must plays :( dont laugh) k . walker , r . sessions , & b . mullens . mkg is boderline so its your call . #bmffantasy 
every time i see my dad cry my heart breaks . 😔 💔 💔 
i did so fuckin terrible on this math test idk why i even showed up i most likely got a zero anyway 😔 
today = 😢 😥 😞 😒 😔 wish i had someone to cheer me up 
this is not nice 😞 “USERNAME pig in mitt romney t-shirt dumped in front of manhattan beach gop campaign headquarters URL 
i don't like storms :( ( blahh rainy day in i guess :( movies and friends come over n @ carlsbad , california URL 
shout out to people that post ootd pics on ig that don't know how to dress worth crap 😣 
i miss kyle in gov't , jamal is always mean to me . 😢 
except it makes me miss middle school so much 😭 
USERNAME i had to settle for mcd's which wasn't that good 😔 
been locked out of my car for 60minutes @ i'm 30 min past the time i take my painkillers ! thank god aa just arrived ! 😢 😰 😫 
wahh i wish i didn't have to come to this class ): 
i'm forever wanting to tell girls their foundation doesn't match their skin tone . :( at least blend into your neck . #makeup101 . 
i . hate . you . stop texting me . 😭 😭 
dear USERNAME are you ever planning on rescheduling portland maine or did you think we forgot ? :( #neverevergettingbacktogether 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i am so sorry ...... :( 
USERNAME waah 😭 i forgot i thought you were gunna be at work ! 
buutt it's 21 & up & i'm still a baby .. 😔 #barelylegal #1month #19 
when it rains in my life , it fucking comes a hurricane . #fml . 
omg i just got the worst fricken charlie horse in my leg 😢 
i'm seriously going to cry today when we give our gm his plaque and cake . this is so sad :'( 
USERNAME no wait ... i have a show with cct .... nvm . #fml 
took me a half hour to find my phone whn it was laying right underneath me 😔 😡 whatever 
USERNAME thanks , i wissh you were coming too :( 
when i turn 20 i will be so depressed ... want to be a teenager forever 😞 
USERNAME i can't go because of my car :( ((( 
USERNAME hell yea ! i'm certain this event is in a state far cooler than mine :( #goodluck though ! i cant wait for my chance to see it 
USERNAME USERNAME omg i'm going to miss you guys 😭 😔 😭 😭 snapchat all weekend hahaha 
writing a paper that is worth 35% of my grade .... #help 😔 
i always bawl my eyes out when the dog dies in i am legend 😭 
USERNAME i can't retweet anything of yours ! ! 😢 
friday night ... party ! ! ! oh ... wait ... i'm broke , nevermind :( 
apparently twitter decided to stop notifying me about mentions ... and my annoying game took over ... internet reject :( 
and you can't even see my face weaves in the picture :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME miss y'all ! i can't drive :( boohoo 😪 #meerrpp 
wish i didn't have to work everyday of my life #tiredofthis 😔 
i have to piss somethin sick , my mom isn't tryna take an exit to a restroom 😔 😩 
people never think i'm right when i help them in ms smiths . i may be a white girl but i know spanish bitches 😞 
exhausted is an understatement of how i feel ! #sickbaby #hospital #tiremomma :( 
i wish my friends would do something cool for me for my birthday :( 
im so hungry ! ! ! ! 😣 😔 🍕🍔🍟🍗🍖🍤🍴 
😭 is so cute i can't consider it an actual crying emoji 
USERNAME it was . wonder where all my pixels went . :( 
before but it never made me cry until last night . it was hard to record and cry at the same time :( 
are you fucking kidding me , the history teacher seriously made questions for this mornings' assembly . #fuckmylife #horrbleendoftheday 
i hate not having a car . so inconvenient ! ! > :( 
having classes on fridays sucks . :( @ ttu - holden hall URL 
waiting outside USERNAME 's work with a little surprise . why does he have to be at work ? ): 
i'll be missing you gets me every time i listen to it . 😔 #rip 
jelly 😔 their startin 2 freshman lemme know how they look 
USERNAME ps see how quickly i responded ? 😔 #loser 
USERNAME sorry :( i'm having sharp pains . made a doctors appt to see what's going on , but yeah i did 
going to the doc cuz my arm is 2 diff colors #fml 
USERNAME dont talk no more ! she b ignorin me at school 😣 
oh darn , left my bag of fucks at home . looks like i can't give any out today . 😔 
USERNAME i was drawn out too , but can’t make it .. sucks dude 😞 
USERNAME mother of pearl ! we are not priveleged enough i guess 😔 
USERNAME diego has been dealing with a lot of personal stuff right now . i don't have an eta on when things are gonna happen sorry :( 
went to walmart an the game i wanted out of stock . im mad now :-( 
i'm sorry that made my heart drop and i shouldn't even care 😡 i wish i wouldn't have seen that 😞 
USERNAME i was seriously so bummed when i realized i left it :( now i'm in class and i'm parched and sad . 
USERNAME lmfao they stare at you like they never seen a human 😧 
will USERNAME ever follow me tho ? ? ? :( 
USERNAME my uncle had an appointment this morning .... i feel like i've been here forever and on top of that .... i'm sick :( 
USERNAME USERNAME rude she's going to raddy and not to come see me instead 💔 
i seriously payed $60 to cash a fucking checkk . 😔 
USERNAME how ? i just drew a tiny smiley face :( 
i cant just go to red robins an eat by myself where's the fun in that :( 
USERNAME it is :( i'm very offended right now ! 
USERNAME that sucks ! ! ! my bladder still hurts 😭 😭 😭 
i would pay somebody to come pick me up right now .... i hate being a girl today ): 
USERNAME good i'm glad cause i was so sad :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry about your cousin :( that's automatic kill mode tho for her parents or anyone related . #cruelworld 
the random snapchats USERNAME sends me literally make my day . i miss my trip 😭 
USERNAME :-( that's not nice . were supposed to be nice to each other remember 
missing my bestfriends a lot right now 😢 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i miss USERNAME so much i can't even put it into words 😭 😭 😭 
my hands are all numb 😦 doubt this is normal ... 
i wish USERNAME new album was out in the us 😔 #icantwaitanylonger 
USERNAME USERNAME at fox theater (february 13, 2013 ): oakland , ca , us URL 
USERNAME USERNAME at fox theater (february 12, 2013 ): oakland , ca , us URL 
USERNAME sorry to hear that :( i had a feeling it wasn't weather-you braved sandy . 
i spilled soda on my pants 😡 😡 😡 😖 😖 😖 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME well that sucks ): what do you do now ? 
senior year is going by way to fast ! #sadtweet 
wtf thi dunkin donuts dnt have #green #tea #ahh #shootme #fml 
breaks my heart to see a good friend of mine cry over a stupid boy that did her wrong :( #hurtsme 
USERNAME now i want bacon -_- and i don't have any 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME at dar constitution hall (january 18, 2013 ): washington , dc , us URL 
fairly certain my head is going to explode today . feeling like shit . :( 
USERNAME aw . :( i admit , they played a damn good game last .. whenever that was . lol & i'm not a bucs fan . 
i'm not trying to be a brat i just deserve better then that ! :( 
USERNAME i would , but i don’t need them :( 
it's too cold in this school to have to get changed for gym 😔 
none of my friends love me anymore #thatscooliguess #sadyolo :c 
USERNAME i miss you too bby girl u just always going out & never invite you that's why i'm always at home ! ! 😔 
omg this damn bee won't leave me alone and my beer and cigs are outside > :( 
this is the worst ive felt in a long long time😪 😢 
my baby had a tiring visit to the vet 😞 USERNAME @ pattersons vet hospital URL 
USERNAME noo ! she's the reason i haven't learned anything new in calc :'( 
seriously i think weve been tortured enough with this seperation so USERNAME needs to come back to danville :( 
USERNAME loll word me neither i'm one of a kind :( and loll na snapback 
chillin with sam at sam's club .... not really i'm here by myself :( 
USERNAME haays . 💔 you have no idea . hahahaha . 
remind me never to come threw cookeville during lunch :( #tomuchtracfic 
the sad moment when you say good bye to your roommate :( USERNAME 
i wish i could've been in a harry potter movie :c 
USERNAME thats a bummer :( i had to wait a year and a half to get a white iphone . and i’m already back to black . 
that shit was flawless until i dropped it 5 times yesterday 😞 😒 
USERNAME i know , wells fargo hoed me so bad 😔 but i had to cash it ! 
USERNAME USERNAME why would you put it on twitter 😢 
this coffee is not helping me wake up . 😔 😤😴 
i wish he didnt have to get up and work this morning :( 
no ones in my class rn ... #fml hate you guys USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i hate how i look fwd to one moment and then i realize i have to wait a whole week just to hear from him again :( 
i have so much work to make up 😒 😔 
so disappointed i'm not going to see USERNAME on tuesday for infamous ): 
gotta woke today and really just don't feel like it ! :( 
running on 5 hours of sleep . it's the first time in a while that i'm still exhausted , even though i naturally woke up 😔 
damn son .. i remember polo used to be my shit . im mad that it became basic as fuck ): 
wanye to go to the bridgeton game but i have to work . 😔 😡 
USERNAME i miss you to bunches ! ! ! ! its so depressing we don't see either other hardly ! :'( 
USERNAME i would so love to spend some time w her but #nolicenseprobz strikes again :( sorry thye ! 
just remembered that i'm trying out for my special next hour for gemar . 😳 😧 #nervous 
decline :( ( the worst word i seen ever , it's breaking my plan ! ! shoott 
fiscal cliffhanger (cont ): andrea mitchell w a shocking red dress - i thought they retired that color after nancy reagan left public life . 
craving sushi . need to go home & have an ikko date with my best fwendd :'( 
USERNAME no i have to interview someone and it has to be posted on the i-drive . life is unfair . you won't even be home to take care of me :( 
why can't people just listen to me before its too late ... #nervous 😳 😔 😱 
USERNAME i won’t be able to at all man 😞 fuckin blows . next year hopefully 
just licked my fingers after eating a pile of wasabi peas and it literally made me tear up 😭 #spicyfoodfail 
meeting . like i don't have enough to do . fridays are not my friend . :( (@ midwest marketing) URL 
USERNAME why can't we just skype , like normal people ? 😞 
can USERNAME just come home already ? i miss her ! :( 
USERNAME like it was literally a dream . not real life 😔 
so nobody has universal studios passes ? :( tiz saddening . well then , i want to see skyfall tonight ! 
USERNAME i'm too lazy to even want to explain ... :( 
talking about football memories from freshman sophomore &junior year with the guys . #sadtweet #funnyshitthough 
USERNAME USERNAME stop she has to . lol or ill have no one 😭 
woke up to a stuffy nose :( fml hopefully it goes away 
of course the one time my mom says i can go to the game i have no ride #fuckmylife 
trevor and andrew are gone ... george and emily are gone ... i have no one 😭 
mother nature is really kicking me in the butt 😔 😡 
mandatory training . forgot about it . didn't have lunch . molto trouble ahead ... :-( URL 
USERNAME i'm glad i could make your day with my pain 😞 
aww , but its chris's last day :( gonna buy some cup cakes ^__^ 
USERNAME USERNAME it was just yesterday when he was a shy , short , little boy who was afraid to get out if the car to say hi ! 😞 lol 
USERNAME i miss you already too :( my mom said want us to turn around to come get you ? lol 
i feel so bad for the lobsters at red lobster :( 
after 4 days of not smoking i broke down and smoked a cig i am not happy with myself at all > :( 
USERNAME i would so love that ! but i'm broke 😭 
the last time i'll see him stand </3 rip sob @ kings island URL 
sucks when twitter and fb point out and it's someone who passed away a while back . :( 
someone bring me a caramel brulee latte . or a salted caramel hot chocolate from starbucks please :( 
USERNAME #safe travels 'eire cried for you this morning :( 
i have come to the conclusion that i should just accept failure . it just wasn't meant to be 😣 
USERNAME i feel like i haven't seen you all week and i'm not here this weekend and its breaking my heart :( 
the cleaning lady threw away my nachos from last night ! 😲 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😒 😒 😒 #fml 
uh nigga . it's almost my birthday . i wanna throw a party but people will be with families for thanksgiving 😔 
USERNAME oh cool yea id def go if i knew people there smh :( 
looking at you and thinking about it makes me want 2 cry 😞 
like 10 minutes until i fail my human bio test . 😔 
USERNAME wahh :( fine ill get over your lameness i guess 
USERNAME all i hear is that chicks out of tone voice and all i smell is her raunchy stank . #eww . and she coughed right over my head ): 
i think i gonna get sick again . :( i have a nasty cough . my dumbass went outside with no sweater . 
its really hard knowing that today is 3 months since i lost my uncle :( 
i been doing different things not watching tv but just noticed dora was on 😔 switchh 
this is what i have to deal with :( URL 
sorry USERNAME i really couldn't have my name as cacapoo :( 
watching step brothers w/o my sister isn't as funny :c 
big decisions ahead ... gotta do what's right ... #sadtweet 😔 
USERNAME omg :( yeah , i saw it from afar . so scary ! 
USERNAME did you even get my text or ? 😭 
bleh , i haven't dyed my hair in half a year and my hair is taking in the sun and becoming red . i just wanna dye my hair :c 
my socks got wet and i'm just depressed now :'( 
imma miss u perry the platypus 😞 gone but never forgotten 
i know this sounds really gay but this is the first time i've been sick & throwing up without my mommy . :'( 
so i felt bad telling cordero he had something on his butt 😔 
USERNAME omg so cute . come home soon ! i miss my roomie 😔 
*couldn't even ask after that disappointment 😔 rt USERNAME USERNAME oh noo ! did she throw away anything else important ! ? 
i need to make sweet love to my bed right now 😔 😴 #tiredpup 🐶 
only person that still goes to centennial that i can't wait to see is USERNAME . 💕 😊 haven't seen her since i left . 😔 
i want to go home . i pray i find someone to cover my shift tomorrow :( 
the fact that step brothers is on and there's no satellite tv here 💔 
watching this blizzard from my window at work . #fml URL 
USERNAME okay ! i come back from hawaii like the 5th and leave for arizona the 15 so i hope i see you :( 
roomies are leaving tomorrow night ... ill be a loner 😥 
god it's gotta be so nice in orlando right now USERNAME :( (( 
USERNAME mm , that looks delicious ... as i sit here eating a bowl of chunky soup :( 
ahh i am so mad . i really can't believe that just happened ): 
fuuck i was gonna go back to sleep but not anymore ): it's okay . 
USERNAME and sorry to hear you’re in this situation :-( 
USERNAME it's not another lakers game on tv for awhile #depressed 
i wanna break everything in my room right now after that ! ! ! )) ): i for real hate my self for fuckin it up ! ! ! )));;; 
USERNAME & USERNAME sports tweets make me wanna 😞 🔫 myself 😒 
having to pee but trying to avoid your stepdad <<< #ughh 😣 
ahh math will be the end of me .. :( 
USERNAME yeah ! same ! :( i hope she is okay ! 
USERNAME just saw this . so sorry for your loss . i would be a total mess :( 
USERNAME also i wish i could make the movie with you but i'm broke :( #imissmyhomie 
decided to play temple run instead of checking the guide on my dish . missed 30 minutes on lion king 2. #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i don’t understand why that can’t just happen …. :( 
USERNAME lol oh no ): at least your on some meds now ! ! 
i sware i'm the biggest baby ever ! don't you agree USERNAME 😞 
and that was the first time i stepped in one in like 6months . :( 
dangit i did not want the lakers to fire mike brown so they would continue to suck lol now they prolly gonna be good again #sadtweet 
bueno termine con mi obra del dia , desde las 7am he ayudado a mi papa sin dormir , need to get some sleep 😭 😭 😭 . 
i can't find my car keys ): #fml #wherearethey #poopingmoose #missyou 
see me trying to shop with my mum's card & it ain't going thru :'( ((( 
USERNAME im not even on mine so idk whats going on :( ... im just laying down on the couch i hope it goes away ! 
why is it bothering me this much ... n makin me sad :( 
USERNAME dad called me a jackass over text :( hahaha 
of course the guy i like is seeing someone ... wish he would have told me that :( #foreveralone 
USERNAME aww haha are you gunna date the kidd ? ? ? how cutee would that be ! ? p . s . i miss you ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i can't cheer this weekend . :( and am still on crutches 
ugh man i should have went to 2nd period :( #guiltytherestoftheday 
i guess its frowned upon to wear a sweatshirt and yoga pants in your composite pictures . #dangit but my sweatshirt is black :( 
tanning and lunch with my pookie babies USERNAME and USERNAME then work :( 
40 journal entries are due next friday in my english class .... i have 18. i know what im doing all week .. :-( 
tried to find some saturday football but i guess its friday ... :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i have a wedding in cleveland :( 
USERNAME it's been a year since i declared using it over facebook , then dumping it in favor of facebook . :( 
me and USERNAME we're giving everyone dirty looks and no one even noticed omg i can't even be a bitch when i try :( 
ahh i have a stuffy nose , my throat is starting to hurt and my cough is only causing me a head ache < < << < :( 
i'm so hungry . :( who wants to bring me breakfast ? 
USERNAME oh well i start at 6 so i guess ill have to work with you #fml 
USERNAME only if az was like this year round 😞 
even just landing in dallas makes me miss home ! ! #texasgirl 💔 
she knows when i don't feel good 😿 @ my villa URL 
time to go vacuum the whole house now . #fml 
at least 2 weeks left of being grounded #fml #drinkresponsibly 
USERNAME i know right . ! haha i miss you . :( 
ive been in the same mood this whole week , as well as everyone around me 😔 
USERNAME sweet thanks ! haven't been on in so long :( i will be getting on soon though ! 
i may eat the person in front of me if i don't get something in my stomach asap ! 😣 😖 😵 
i sound like i swallowed a bunch of glass ! #depressing 
USERNAME 😔 😔 😔 hope it gets better ! ! 
maryland withdrawals . passing it now :( #crabs #boating #happypeople #midshipmen #morecrabs 
USERNAME lol you have to be careful with those nay boo 😭 
i'm very sad that i have to get rid of my baby turtles . ): 
i cant do this shit :( everytime i wakeup i don't wanna cry ... 
USERNAME haha i work 10 thanksgiving night to 7am black friday morning 😤😤😤 #fml 
USERNAME your song is on at the grill , and of course i thought of you </3 i miss you love :( 
this class takes forever ! & my head hurts ): 
*lol but seriously😤 😒 rt USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME fired . lol & i left mine at eric's yesterday 😞 
how can you still care n love me when we are not together anymore and you miss us but you don't want me back as your gf ? ? #confused #lost :( 
reading the letter my cousin sent us from basic>>>> #amazing #soproud 😭 
USERNAME i miss you sister we need to plan a weekend in cary for the 3 of us soon ! ! ! plus still havent seen the new house fix this # :( 
i'm sleepy ! ! ! ! but why is that such a big deal ? :( 
so hungry rite now 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 
USERNAME sorry you aren't feeling well ! :( hope you feel better soon ! 
USERNAME slipped on stairs .. like seriously why our family . :( 
i'm hungry 😔 and my mother don't seem to care 
the most horrible part is you don't even miss me or care too . 😭 😭 😢 😔 😔 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME bregando con lo del carro . :( todavia 
so many cool toys out there now - corona , storm , music21… many toys and no time to play :( 
USERNAME USERNAME cety ? ! you don't even know how to spell ky name anymore ? :'( its city smh . imma go get drunk today<\3 
USERNAME yes but it's always nice to be reminded by a 4year old kid lmao . now he taught me how to make pizza ! i'm craving now :( lol 
USERNAME # :( you can text/keep tweeting any if your big bros . #alwaysthereforyou #suckatbakincakethough #smiles 
when my friends don't pick up there phones < 😢 
USERNAME sorry no . i got my flight dates wrong - headed home today not tomorrow :-( 
i forgot to apply moisturizer before i went outside . :-( #gayboyproblems 
when USERNAME stops texting you back cause he's working , and you're sitting in study hall alone like a loner .... #fml 
i miss hannah montana 😔 i cried when the show ended USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wahh :( i can't . next weekend can we ? 
USERNAME software patent legislation needs wholesale reform , not just narrowing down . i don't see this mess being resolved anytime tho :( 
i cant believe i have a friday today .... #fml 
dayumm .. just saw this in my email ! it was yesterday ! 😭 #missedit #thejoyformidable #nigh @ the bowery hotel URL 
USERNAME he's still warm though . and his nose isn't wet :( 
USERNAME USERNAME mel asked who wants to go see twilight with him ... i said me and now i gotta buy him some nachos ! 😔 😔 
if only i could have in-n-out right now 😔 #sandiegowithdrawls 
USERNAME hahahah that'd be pretty cool . but nope :( no goats . lol 
USERNAME lmao ! i wish i had some juice :( 
should i give up , or should i just keep chasin pavements ? even if they lead nowhere ... 😔 
taking my iphone in because its broken 😢 maybe an iphone 5 in my future ? #wishing 
why must my mom go to parent teacher conferences #ugh #fml 
my hair is actually pretty ... i just want it to be long . 😔 
USERNAME i wanna comee ! i hate work .. :( 
i'm so tired 😔 but hey on the bright side i've seen my bestfriend today , it's friday and we have a 3-day weekend ! 😊 #happygirltweet 
USERNAME USERNAME awee :( maybe ill come help you get better  
USERNAME i miss youu ! it's been a long timee 😔 
had a wonderful dream that i was chillin with USERNAME . then i woke up , and now i'm :( 
feel very tried n got super sick to my stomach don't wanna eat anything :( 
after 5 games into the nba season laker coach mike brown was fired ! damn that's when you know you suck ass ! lmfao 👎👎💩💩😫😫 😭 sad sad sad haha 
USERNAME i will never understand why i constantly repeat myself to my husband cause i feel im talking to a wall or child :( 
now that season started i realize that im too busy #fml 
when i click on my profile it says i do t exist . ): 
can't use the ihome in the hotel because i have a 5 #sadtweet 
aahh . literally dented the apartment last night with my head . now i'm not feelin so great ... 😞 💢⚠ 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME agrees but offers no explanation :( URL 
USERNAME i wish u could be here for the whole weekend :( 
should i give up ? or should i just keep chasin pavements ? even if it leads nowhere ... 😔 
USERNAME we miss you ! ! ! ! and i'm jealous i love the zac brown band :( 
oomf just made me miss cali goin to la and huntington beach every weekend :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i am ! unfortunately laura has volleyball 😭 
feel like there's never enough time in the day 😞 
waiting 2 hours for a delayed flight to kelowna that only takes 1 hour #fml (@ victoria international airport (yyj)) URL 
i'm up now because i had a nightmare . :( #almostdied 
the fact that i probably won't see my bf till tuesday is not the business 😒 😔 
does anybody know if my brothers doing anything tonight ? he won't tell me lol i'm not cool :( 
naptime for the kiddos nw i'm lonely 😗 😔 😴 
USERNAME you know how i feel about juice , '& it's been a while . i've been juice deprived :'( 
today was one of those days where nothing went wrong but i'm just depressed . 😞 😞 😞 #noclue #depressed 
i got so many likes on my instagram photo yesterday that i feel like any photo i post now will be a let down to everyone ... 😔 
USERNAME shitt yu gotta get that fixed ! ! & i guess so 😔 
USERNAME why are u always so negative towards me #notok :'( 
well didn't get to work out with the trainer , we both wrote down differwnt times :( #sadface 
USERNAME that is very exciting ! ill be home next tuesday the 20th :( so far away ! 
i miss you oh so much too baby :( ((((( 
i wished r . i . p . ment return if possiable . </3 
USERNAME probably too late as we’re about to start the github integration part very soon . :( 
i haven’t had ritz and cream cheese for a long time :/ :( 
USERNAME somehow ya'll are coming to tampa on my birthday ! ! ! ! wish i could buy tix :-( y'all helped me find god at eagles landing <3 
now i have to peel it off and it hurts :( 
i miss my girlfriend . when you're without the only person you need you miss the little things so much . #comehome #imissyou :( 
everyone's gone . ): they went to the chico state tour while the rest of us stay at school and actually learn . fuckers . -____- 
free periods are boring when you don't have a license . 😥 
USERNAME ill never be good enough for you chuck 😔 
wow .... high speed per suit ends with la sherrif dept firing waay too many shots at a damn bank robber ! ! ! damn so unnecessary ! 😔 
i wish this was all just a bad nightmare . 😥 
USERNAME i couldn't save it for the next laker game 😔 
USERNAME ahh ! i am missing it so much right now ! :( ( 
USERNAME chula ya estas como la chivis desaparecida 😢 😔 
USERNAME nothing much about to go to the store really quick find me a charger i been w/o one all week 😔 
homeless people just break my heart . especially when they have pets . 💔 
5 hrs to flag , 2 more hours to phoenix . snow ... great . #fml 
USERNAME hey you should text me cause i lost your number ! ! :( i miss you ! ! 
my stomachs aches and i'm freezing and bored as fuck at work #fml 😫😩😫 
phil left cause kobe wasn't good enough to get him his 4th 3-peat :( 
when you ask you dad to come get you but he can't because he decides to go to sd .. why me ? i just want to go home 😢 
#but then getting in trouble kuz i fucked up my truck 😔 sowwieemomma 😣 
USERNAME you're going there too ? ! everyone is leaving logan's :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry 😔 we should skype next time it's on 😊 
-the closer i get ... the further i get pushed bck ... 😥 
i want to stay in bed all day but i have to pick cesar up from school . :( 
like i just wanna get drunk and show everybody i improved on my twerking skills ! but no , it's not gonna happen . ): 
USERNAME i'm at work :( i can come over on sunday ! for real this time haha . my projects finished . 
USERNAME i miss you , too , you little bugger . 😞 😣 
im not feeling good i feel all like what USERNAME would say wah wah i feel terrible :-( 
USERNAME ill know after i get done with things in bg 😔 
USERNAME that sounds great ! let's do it . can u pick me up ? i don't have a car at the moment . :'( 
USERNAME is mean to me an abuses and hits over the head with all his old beer bottles and is still not home 😔 #lotsofands 
i had to sand a cabinet for my mother’s kitchen… i had been putting it off for the longest . 😔 
my stepdad refuses to let me keep him :( i've always wanted a boston terrier ... plus he's genuinely a good dog . URL 
facebook and twitter do not like each other right now . :( 
when i interviewed haifa in la ... she was already divorced ! ! ! ! how come we didn't talk about it :( 
i wanna go homee ): i dnt want to be here 
im so excited i got a eyebrow pencil ! rip to my 208 brush 😢 that brush worked wonders ! 
USERNAME it's not that they're mainstream , it's that they're terrible :( rock is fine ! how about some good stuff ? URL 
:( i don't know what to do to cheer her up 
if celina ain't here ima be sad . dont have anyone to eat with on break :( 
USERNAME is mean to me an abuses me and hits over the head with all his old beer bottles and is still not home 😔 #lotsofands 
i have to take micro and macro concurrently . fml :( i'm not even going to have time to breathe next semester . 
my 2weeks off from school end sunday :( it was fun but its time to get back to work lml 
USERNAME iloveyou :* and i miss you so much :( (( 
i just want to go home , drink some tea , read my book and lay in bed for the rest of the day :( 
USERNAME awesome ! i have homework overload ! ! :( we must have a date soon ! 
as much as i've missed dancing jazz ..... i miss dancing hip hop hella bad :( 
ohemgee i miss nmb 😔 i don't like passing by it .. 
USERNAME aww why ? ? ? 😰 😥 😓 😩😫 😨 😱 😱 😱 
waiting to do an interview at the union and USERNAME calls me out for pulling a glansberg :( 
worst possible time to be sick :( birthday in t - 5 days until my birthday . doping up on dayquil and emergenc . 😩 
USERNAME ouain ! ! moi jveu voir richard pi monique 😢 😢 #notfair 
USERNAME i miss you too . 😩😫 😭 we need to get together and catch up . i believe we both have a lot to share . 
i hope im still able to go to liberty : :( (( 
USERNAME i miss you more ! ! ! :( (((( 
took one bite and still allergic to #apples #sadday #candy #depressing @ woodruff plantation URL 
so sad ! went to order unashamed tour tickets and there are sold out . they weren't yesterday but are today ! :( #reallywantedtogo 
USERNAME im a bad person then :( maybe he stole the money from an old lady and god just wanted to get him back so he gave it to me lol 
it's not really busy season until you've had to go cry in the bathroom :( #isitoveryet 
just had to say bye to parents and i have no idea when ill see them again #bittersweet :( 
when you miss someone so incredibly bad it physically hurts . << 😔 
wahh i'm so hungry but i don't feel like cooking 😔 
ahh i'm going crazy ! ! ! i just wanna go into work now :( bad sign man that's a bad sign 
USERNAME USERNAME there are big sharks in their water :( 
i feel like this is gonna be the longest car ride 😞 😔 
seriously so hungry . haven't eaten at all today :( 
“USERNAME wao k envidia :( rt USERNAME nice day in california .. URL lol sorry .. u are welcome to join me .. 
i had dha most awkward dream 😣 😁 😳 kinda scared ta go bak ta sleep 
we look pretty happy considering we're freezing in 37 degree weather ! 😣 #oregon #cold #fun @ mountain moka URL 
you can tell he really doesn't want to go and that makes it so much worse :( 
i wish i knew what to say .......... </3 #crush 
really want a cherry sprite ! ! ! ! ! :( 
freaking out . just spilled tea on my laptop . fuck . fuck . fck :( 
my mom comes into my room this morning telling me i have to take the cooper 😭 
t-wolves must plays :( remember love & rubio are out)n . pekovic&a . kirilenko .-the best of the rest are relagated to deeper leagues . #bmffantasy 
welp , i went from sinus headache to a cough and tight feeling in chest ! 😣 #tea #teatime having a nice cuppa of lemony tea ! 
why am i tired ? ! i actually slept last night :( 
USERNAME i wish i was able to make it , but this girly has to work in north oxford </3 it's heartbreaking ! 
USERNAME $150 is too expensive :c maybe as the date gets closer someone will sell 
i wonder if USERNAME misses me ? i never hear from him anymore 😢 
USERNAME i know :( one day is not enouqhh to relax ; & im so stressed out i need a massaqe lol 
lakers abiu t.t o go to the ship now ! 
USERNAME ok then .. good kids probably can't have the present igot you :( #moreforme 
woke up throwing up everywhere . ugh :( and of course i will have to miss music theory . not going to projectile vomit on your piano , giebs . 
everybody & they full tank :( mines sitting on 1/4 & my money sitting on $4.95 #ishouttaluck 
USERNAME oh no ! i just hears that the controlled fire got out of hand . 100 acres destroyed so far :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i’d prefer sloane , rumor mill picks d’antoni :( 
i'm not going sockless because i'm trying to dress better . i just ran out of socks . :( 
USERNAME ha true i was so sad i didn't bring my mittens to school and it snowed :( hope you got your mittens in philly 
i tried to save it but it ran down 9th 😞 
senior slideshow ? i want to go home and play #halo4 😔 
USERNAME wahh 😔 we'll have a play date over thanksgiving 
si no paso mi examen el lunes me mandaran a un internado en el oriente como a blachi cuando tenia mi edad , asi dice :( . 
last team lunch :'( (@ east pearl hong kong cuisine) URL 
USERNAME we repainted a lot . our kitchen floor wasn't tiled properly and is all coming apart . that's my big complaint for now :-( 
USERNAME sorry i couldn't go ! ! ! :-( we'll try it again later thou ! ! 
USERNAME same . i don't think ill make it :( 
USERNAME i thought that every day you or USERNAME weren't at school . #fml was all i think . 
USERNAME can you see our tweets ? #friendsofricki tweetchat is confusing :( 
when my gf decides to be an asshole for the day 😔 <<<<< USERNAME 
i miss USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME terribly wtf when y'all coming to jersey 😩 😭 
USERNAME 😱 😱 😱 😱 . well ... damn , jus lost a member 😩 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yeah :( sad day . haha . 
just leaving the dentist and have to wear my braces for 24 more months . 😁😁 😔 😟 
i wonder when my boos coming home ? ! ? :( 
can't believe i chose coming to this class over shopping .. what is wrong with me 😧 
it's that day where i get to bart early enough to take the 10:19 and its late so i end up taking the train at the same time #fml 
USERNAME i hear you there . i get super social anxiety most of the time . no idea why but it happens . 😞 
USERNAME you leave me no choice you won't hang out with me :( (((( 
USERNAME i just went from happy i to sad ! :( thanks bruce but this is true ! 
omg it feels like heaven outside and end of tweet ...... :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME well this is #awkward .. i just woke up . my sleeping sched is all jacked . :( 
my little sister is 16 years old now ! ! missing her so much </3 #samora 
USERNAME i knoww but why does my body know that :( i'm like an old man ! i'll enjoy some cali for you too ! 
their $3 soda will have to do :( (@ auntie anne's pretzels) URL 
USERNAME corey my lovely , will you please let mrs . shea know that i am going to the dr . s today b that's why i'm not in class .... ? :( 
up all night 😭 😭 😭 😭 one direction stresses me out when i know they're coming fml 
great , gonna be stuck at work til like 7 o'clock ..... #fml 
this sickness is kickin my butt today ! all i wanna do is sleep ! :( 
USERNAME we miss writeboards so much ! ! they made my life so much easier when writing/editing a lot of copy for websites :( 
not fun having to come here to pick up a sick kid . :( (@ piney grove elementary school) URL 
just my luck .. hole in my tights . #fml 
USERNAME i miss you too :( why don't we have any classes together this year wahh 
im pretty sure all my tables hate me atm :( well guess what i dont like you that much either ... where are the cool people :( 
wait i lied ... i wish i could see rockybalboa down the street 😔 USERNAME 
in response to the latest ruby tapas (paywalled though , i believe ): URL /cc USERNAME 
USERNAME im eating spinach with my bacon grease now ! i'm making progress you jerk :( 
can't i run once without getting this pain ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME they gone now . ate all 4 of em . :( 
USERNAME i don't wanna drive to queens and go over the bridge lol especially with this gass shortage . i have no gass in my car 😭 
remember me . and promise to never forget . 😔 
USERNAME glad yr shop is doing well ! sorry about the migraine :( 
soo .... today is the last day with my ipad 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
lying is something i really hate to do but i just don't b wanting to disappoint da ones i love 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME interesting take . i always had a hard time with precision in trauma center on ds . maybe i just sucked :( 
right when i think i've made progress toward zen , someone says 3 crazy things in a row , my brain explodes , and i flip out . :-( 
USERNAME miss you more my love :( (( we will be reunited soon #turkeyday 
USERNAME i don't want to but i have to . 😭 💔 
umm i don't have mtv2 anymore ! ? ! ? since when ! ? whyy ! ? #nomoreboymeetsworld :'( 
USERNAME ah :( i was gong to say you could dress her up in camo lol 
dünki tepinmelerin acısı çıkmamalıydı :( i m dead right now ! can't movee 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i miss everyone too . 😔 😘 
i wish i had siblings… just one… i just need someone i can pawn my mother off on… i hate feeling obligated to help , but she is my mother . 😔 
talking about our childhood in spanish is making me miss #lambertville USERNAME USERNAME :( 
USERNAME so there's nothing you can do ? ☹ URL 
its been one month since i was in south dakota :( 
rt USERNAME line at chipotle ... why must you be as long as the lines at disney world ? yo quiero carnitas 😔 
at least i did the right thing , if terrifically inelegantly . :-( 
USERNAME why not dude ? im going with nate :( 
having a peaceful time before my little cousin gets here with all her questions 😩 😭 
USERNAME it's okay babe your do beautiful and cute when your sleeping , except whenever i kiss ya cause of it u roll over :( 
why is everyone deleting / blocking me on facebook & blocking/unfriending me on twitter . :( ihyall lol 
finally got thus phone smh , cant stand having a dead phone not taljing or texting my meggie :( 
no one to talk to all day now 😭 #sogay 
'opportunity to lead' :c an obama , boehner fix fiscal mess ? : URL 
these kids really ain't tryna take a nap . 😔 
i needa get up outta dalton , ga .. shit , outta da south period ! 😣 
i am not looking forward to work tonight . closing the night when all this fun stuff is happening at my house :( 
deff blowed asff ! ! ! ! ! ! ughh :'( fuck . fuck fuck 
i just really want to hug my boyfriend right now . 😥 
fuck this powerpoint i have to do today ! fuck it :( 
why aren't i in north carolina with USERNAME right now ? :( 
100% sure i just failed my english 4 anglo-saxon quiz . 😭 
USERNAME im not single my heart is taken by my bby girl :'( 
going in late to work is good andd bad . good cause i can sleep in .... bad because now i don't feel like going at all :( 
USERNAME okay sorry ... just venting .. i always forget people have it worse than me :( 
USERNAME good dam i saw you and got horny .... :( 
USERNAME ahh don't tell me that ! :( waa ! 
the light on my phone is flickering 😒 i thought i would be clear after dropping it in water but bad things are slowly happening 😞 
i think he mad atg me for going to sleep ... i hope he know a sista was tired last night :( 
USERNAME yes ! ! i told u what happened tho fool . i can't go now until my knee is fully better . i have to try again when i'm 100% :( 
a night a wish we could do all over again ... i miss my girls :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
it's sad i only got a half on fridays 😢 
USERNAME i need to see you asap i'm having withdrawals . 😔 
USERNAME girl i wish ! i am at work 😔 i wanted to do happy hour on monday ! but noone has that day off with me hahaha so lame 
absolutely hate working 2nd shift cause every time i have to tell layla bye i get instantly upset :( 
i just want to see you and be in your arms again 😔 #justlikeyesterday 
every heartache will fade away , just like every storm runs out of rain ... 💔 ☔🎶 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :'( since what like idk . too long ago . but hey , i have a cute picture . URL 
i really need to grow some fuckin balls already and just do what i gotta do . 😣 
phil jackson please come back home we miss u #0 -10 😔 
it's not really busy season until you've had to go cry in the bathroom :( #isitoveryet #needsahug 
i'm chilling in bed they told me not to work today :( 
awh .. i miss having edgar for a class :( 
so USERNAME is at northwestern and i probably won't be able to see him . 😭 😭 😭 
i know when USERNAME has an exam week because i don't hear from her in forever . 😔 but i am so proud of your a+ 💕 💋 
USERNAME it closed down though :( but there is one off of hampden i believe ! 
i just wanna go home & lay down 😔 😞 😖 
should have known this tooth pain was something more :( 
#whyrelationshipsend because your binoculars fell off the tree . :'( </3 
i don't believe a word you say but hey if it's gonna make me some what happy .. 😔 
my doctor just asked if i had any pains in my chest ... just some from my broken heart 💔 . she laughed , i didn't . she stopped , i said gotcha ! 
the one time i decide to get a soda from the vending and accidently choose the regular instead of the diet #fml 
i cant wait to get my license . like , i'm looking forward to that than graduation 😭 #214 
but seriously , have y'all thought about your future ? life insurance . hit me up . click on my myspace page , link will direct you :-( 
running on 3 hours of sleep ... all i want is a nap :( #depressed #tired 
poor baby farrah :( she's fixed and soo incredibly high 
both my roommates are gone for the weekend someone come keep me company :( 
USERNAME 😢 you have me but i'm just far away ! you need to come visit ! 
i don't want to see you again .. 😒 😞 
USERNAME is mad at me 😔 i called her stuffed reindeer a dog .. 
getting my flu shot . :( (@ baker building) URL 
ill be back on sunday pennsylvania ! but first mus t.t ake . care . of . the . hawaks 
my fave lip balm ! ! ! i cry when i lose it ! 😢 😢 😢 now in stick form as well . URL 
USERNAME twitter is telling me that i don't follow you 😔 
USERNAME i think a piece of my soul had died :( URL 
USERNAME so you forgot about ne in your game and in your party ? :( 
USERNAME that's awesome ! lisa has a huge heart but not big enough for me and my flaws apparently . :( miss her but it is what it is ! 
USERNAME i guess i’m still dealing with my disappointment :( 
lol my boo tae heckard always the hoe in whatever she's in 😔 
i miss he . :( so much fun we had . 
USERNAME aww where are you anaa we miss you :c 
what if the doctors are all vampires & they take blood out of you to feed themselves :o o 😱 😨 😯 😮 😧 
USERNAME hmm 😭 it's gonn be a loong weekend without my beh frand 😥 😢 😫 
USERNAME his mom gave me like a half a suitcase full of clothes to bring him and i had one back pack ! sorry USERNAME </3 
USERNAME poor kid is gonna end up like someone i know . :( it makes me sad just thinking about that . lol 
i can normally push you right out of my heart , but i'm too tired to fight 💔 
in other news: lunch gave me snake belly and the itis . #fatty 🐍 😣 😴 
ugh my phone is about to die 😔 my manager has a charger , i am scared to ask her lol 
not too happy about getting this flu shot ... i freakin hate shots . i'll probably cry like a baby . 😔 😢 
omg . when i move to florida . i can meet USERNAME probably not actually 😔 
mm las t.t ime i was heart broken cus of a gurl ... mm 9th grade .... 
i could never sit on the streets , show my face , and beg for money . idkk how people become homeless . i can't 😣 
USERNAME not tonight 😔 what's going on in akron tonight ? 
if the kids are napping why can't i nap ! not fair 😔 lol 
i think i'm getting sick :( i don't feel good at all . 
i am not getting any where will my speech . 😢 
just cried because i had a dream that my best friend in the entire world died . ): USERNAME 
i suddenly hate going to the gym alone ... :( #nomotivation #huge 
when USERNAME doesn't even recognize me because we haven't seen each other in forever #needstochange 💔 
so jealous of everyone that's partying in edc right now :( (( 
my ipod is still lost i think my house ate it :( #sad 
USERNAME i so hate you right now ! lol i want to nap ! 😔 
i have no one to go to the game with :/ #wahh 😢 
USERNAME :( ((((( what ! ? i want some ! :( (((( 
i wonder when they heck i'm going to lunch ! :-( 
i told her it was gunna be her . 💔 hah , how did i know ... 
wish i could go watch the #kelloggstour tonight in #philadelphia 😔 #gymnastics 
USERNAME awwh :'( ( thats sucks .. but i have same iphone ! 
should have never laid down ... need to get my lazy ass to the gym 😔 
laws they got a pajama party tonight :( ( i'd hate to see what them characters gone have on ... 
USERNAME i missed you ! i was suck this morning 😢 how was your practice ? --love , jazzycat 
dam it man .. everytime i see someone hugging and kissing all passionate .. it makes me wanna be with him doing the same thing :'( 
USERNAME it's for my internship :( gotta love our major 
leave it to me to fracture my thumb ... #fml 
anyhow , i am back home now and peter is at ft . lewis . the current thought is that he will not be home during christmas :( 
i'm jealous that people already started competing and i haven't still 😔 
USERNAME i tried to call you the other day and no answer :( 
i can't wait to use my new laptop . i couldn't get a apple mac cause i had to do a comparable exchange . :( but i like the the laptop 
USERNAME USERNAME sometimes i do . except for dps actually texting me to say they won't show ... mine just don't :( 
want to crawl into a ball & never wake up #depressed #inneedofhim #bad #missing #my ♥ #fucklongdistance ♡ 
my hair is on the verge of brown . wtf am i gonna do rn :( URL 
this is bullshit i don't even feel like i'm getting better 😔 
trying to hold on to every word and promise but my fingers are starting to slip ! ! ! :'( #fact 
when my child is whiny for no reason << :( 
USERNAME um , i guess i'm not your sister ? :'( 
i have literally had a headache for a month and nothing has worked to make it go away :( 
USERNAME 😞 it’s all good ! have fun if you go tho 
this whole time we've been talking about reading into the wild i thought we were reading where the wild things are 😔 
holy nausea i think i'm gonna die . #day2 #fml 
USERNAME :( its all good its cuz everyone is lazy and fat ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME y'all don't leave much for the imagination :( ( 
#fml ! going to valley childrens to get my ankle checked out again . i just hope it isn't fractured , again . -_- 
where did all the scratches on my phone come from ? 😔 
at this point i honestly just feel like giving up 😔 
my eating habits are getting soo bad ! ! 😔 #auntieanne 's #pretzelbites #starbucks #lat @ southpark food court URL 
of course my phone dies for 10 min and that's when he calls👎 😢 #feelbad #mybadub 
wish i had time to take a nap before work :( 
im pretty sure all my tables hate me atm :( well guess what i dont like you that much either ... where are the cool people :( 
i really wanna participate in gcf </3 come pick me up guyss USERNAME USERNAME 
i shouldn't have even bothered going back to school . #nopoint #shouldvecheckedtwitterfirst #fml 
i've rested for 3days & i can't get rid of this sore throat ... smh 😣 😶 
USERNAME super awesome . couldn’t find him on USERNAME though :( 
i just saw a little special ed girl crying ) ): 
USERNAME eu pensei q vc tava sem internet sla ): 
USERNAME never texts me back . i feel so left out & unloved when she doesn't text me back 😣 😔 
i wish i didn't pick up an extra shift at work so i could see USERNAME USERNAME saturday at reggie's ! someone go for me . 😿 😾 
i miss tyrinna , haven't seen her since that day she got written up :( 
maybe baby chloe is getting fixed on monday . :( 
once you walk out of my life , stay out . it's hard enough losing you the first time 😔 
USERNAME was here . next time dont leave your phone unattended :{ d 
USERNAME bitches be messin with my money bon 😔 ... all will be better when i see ya face later 💃👏😁 
i miss my coach shoes more than words can describe . #whereareyoucoachshoes . #comebacktome . 😭 💔 
i really need some red lipstick to complete this outfit but i can't find any 😭 
USERNAME you bitch 😔 ... hahahah but idk its gonna be colld ! 
USERNAME lucky :'( come through hu for ma birfday ! 
seems like my whole fam flew in for a b-day party i never get this treatment :( 
USERNAME working :( i will see you in 2 hours 
nappy hair = not so happy hair :'( gotta do something with my hair asap . ! 
i had gotten tweetbots syncing working . broke now . :( 
i wish USERNAME could've been at my party last night :( 
USERNAME i forgot cause i was at work and i lag to text when i'm working . i hardly get on my phone :( and i just remembered rip 
of course i stay up all night to type these essays and my professor decided their due next week cause of the storm #fml 
everyone's starting to get their licenses while i'm sitting here without a permit and 10 months until my 17th birthday . #fml #young 
USERNAME i wish ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i don't think USERNAME and USERNAME love us anymore :( they never visit #sadtweet #realizationtweet 
babe come make me food .. or bring me some :( 
so unsure of that test .. im in need of a drink 😞 
how do people look so happy getting on these coach buses ? #sadtweet 
really ? really ! ! ? ? ... really 😔 
USERNAME i'm sorry i fucked upp ! ! ! ! ! 😳 😣 
USERNAME plz talk to me . r u sad ? you cant be quiet forever qt 3.14 :( 
fuck work . have to be here until close 😣 
i think its time to cut my hair ! :( 
my neighbor has a beat iggy sign on there mail box but my mom won't let me put a beat north royalton on ours 😔 
just realized i signed up for a tuesday night lab .. and pretty little liars starts in january on tuesday nights .. 😣 #needtoswitchclasses 
it's the memories that we hold on to which we love .. not the person themselves who have changed . bc while people change , memories don't . 💔 
i wish USERNAME wasn't so busy all the time 😔 😕 😓 
bummed . my USERNAME invite came in but things are so crazy here it's not an option . sorry USERNAME gotta let it expire :( 
totally fucked my knee up last night . what the hell #thissucks #fuckmylife 
USERNAME it's like the earth stopped spinning . 😭 🌎✋😩🔫 
USERNAME maybe if you lived closer i would 😔 💪 
USERNAME drive :( lol i wish it was easy walking distance . 
i have no clue how to do this homework . i'm screwed ... ✌ 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME umm how bout turning 18 u girls just dont know :'( :'( 
USERNAME what was the picture ? i can't see it :c 
wahh 😭 😭 😭 😭 missing my crush since 8th grade USERNAME bc of states #disapointment #iwannago 
USERNAME aww ... you better be sending me pictures all night or else ... 😧 🔫 ... that is all 😬👋 
my snickybaby is at the barber shop ! :( imma miss him !  
USERNAME please do so .. this place is not for me </3 & nothing better then being with you , always good times ! 
sitting here praying lakers don't get phil jackson because that's an automatic parade :( 
#rt for a shout out (doing all even strangers) :( (no eggs ! ! ! 
i dont even know if ima be able to go to the peprally :( 
😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #takemehome 
i thought i would get in free since im a trainer but since i wasnt eligable i cant :( 
can't wait for lunch ! ! shoulda made a salad but i forgot :( 
USERNAME dillon francis - masta blasta (original mix ): URL via USERNAME check him out , tell me what you think 
USERNAME :( i'll pay u back with my love <3 
i'm getting really depressed that i'm not gonna have my ipad anymore 💔 
USERNAME aw :'( i hope you feel much better my love ! i love you too & have a good day also see you on tuesday ! 😘 😘 drink tea 
i wish i didn't have to study . i just want to eat chipotle and go shopping 😭 
:( rt USERNAME lol ! rt USERNAME bro i got sideburns they just brown so they blend in wit my shkin n shit 
there's nothing i want more in the world than a grape eegee and a back massage 😞 
i think apple put a secret app inside iphones so they start falling after the first month 😞 
USERNAME :( ill pray for your recovery from this situation 
next week needs to go by fast . i miss my bestfriend ): 
woke up and there's no boyfriend next to me 😞 
because i need to be walked through everything #fml buuhh 
i think this goin to take all day ... no intern today .. :( 
i think i'm literally the only person here whose family isn't coming this weekend for family weekend , or at all this semester :( 
in 10 mins i'll be taking a test at work that i ain't study for ): 
hi , my name is (insert name here) and i am an emoji addict 😔 
USERNAME by da time yuh get it it be nasty :( 
we have no coach :( ... wait kobe can coach and play #atthesamedamntime 
anytime i hear someone playing taps , it gives me chills soo bad .. 😔 
there's a 22 point scale of evil used to distinguish between serial killers overcome by impulses and those in control of their actions 😧 
don't want to be working right now i miss my bella :( 
p . s . i love you gets me every time 💕 😢 
okay , the entire first 20 minutes of this movie breaks my heart . 💔 
USERNAME i miss you too , cookie :( ... lets hang out some time . 
USERNAME nothing i wasn't good enough for u to snuggle with lastnight :c 
USERNAME it really doesn't . now we won't be twinning :( 
delivering more pies . i hope someone runs up and shoots me at a traffic light before i have to unload them hahaha #fuckmylife 
i just had the worst dream --- ever ! 😳 😣 😫 😯 
the snow kept hitting my face and i didn't know how to react 😔 
i think she's the reason i'm so vulnerable right now . 😔 
no , i want one ! ! ! daddy won't buy me one though 😔 lol 
my finger is thrivingg soo badd right now , the shit it takes to be a girl 😔 😩 😢 😭 
i'm sad i'm not good enough of a skater to make friends with the kids boarding outside of my house right now 😔 😔 
really . do people have no life ! ? someone started a rumor that i lost my v-card ! ! ! ! ! uh , no ! > :( #forgetthis #bullshit 
i'm actually disappointed that we aren't going to the game or having team dinner . :( 
lazy day till i have to start work later 😣 
noo were going the long way 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
sickey :( ... but i want swiss chalet ! ! 
so ive been putting it off , not wanting to ask and make anyone feel uncomfortable but .... i gota know . 😣 
well , i guess i'm stuck in kettering hospital icu room 3524 #fml #god 
i've been in a strange mood for like 2 weeks now 😔 
well there goes that conference i had to attend 😞 
wish i could go ! :( “USERNAME time for USERNAME rehearsal with USERNAME URL 
USERNAME waahh feel better soon ! crying for you ! :'( 
USERNAME sad face you no tweet me back anymore ! :( 
i hate how my hair is so thin :( #neversatisfied 
the christmas season is officially here #fml #fuckitt #no #retaillife #afprobz 
gah the lady that did my nails was so adorable and sweet i just wish i knew what she was saying 😭 
just dropped my little baby lydia off at the airport with USERNAME and USERNAME felt like a parent sending a child off to kindergarten :( 
USERNAME oh no ! take care of yourself ! :( sending my love and well wishes kuya 
USERNAME lol ino :( then they gotta come back wish mine went home on the weekend 
USERNAME wait whatt ? ? ! ! katie left ? ! omg :( tell all my edison gleeks i miss them won't you ? :( 
why do my friends tell me the wrong shit for when i tell them whats wrong with me :( 
so sleepy all of a sudden don't even want to eat my sub 😔 
wtf ? guess i'm going to lunch at 2. #fml 
senior portraits with USERNAME 😢 i'm not ready for thiss 
i didn't put contacts by any of the numbers on my old phone and i deleted all of my messages so now i dont know who's number is whose :( 
USERNAME i miss u ! ! ! ! 😞 😪😫 😭 
USERNAME i wanna go see you today but i dont have tickets .. ! :'( well i love you .. ! you should come again to chicago ... ! ! 
it's so sad to see lisa turtle in the condition she is in now :( 
jk i'm going to shave bc josh said so . :( 
where are all my damn beanies 😣 ? ? ? 
i hope i see him this weekend 😁 😳 😔 
when ur mom gives u a list of chorus to do on it day off<< #fml 
when you have to pee in the car & you hit every bump #fml 
3 and a half more hours to go ... 😣 🔫 
rihanna , gurll , why you gotta have creepy fire scenes in every one of your videos ? 😦 🔥 
i wish i had lunch with USERNAME 😔 😞 😭 😪 
if i was to go home this weekend , i'd be home by now .. really missing USERNAME and my family :'( #imisshome #iwantmyfamily #hatehellburg 
the egg nog milkshake from mcdonald's tastes like vanilla 😭 #disappointed 
this day just keeps getting better and better ... not 😢 
i'm mad i can't even go to her room & ask her what's wrong . 😔 
the worst part about seeing my uncle , is i cry every single time he has to leave . 😔 💔 
when i see my truck driving down the road . 💔 😢 
USERNAME omg there's this new boy who looks just like my fh .. he always wears nike and shit but he looks younger 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME jordan don't make me call you by your full name ! i need to see you before you leave ! :'( 
i'd like to thank kim's day spa for playing hachi: a dog's tale today . trying not to bawl my eyes out makes for a great lunch break ! 🐶 😭 💗 
USERNAME the fuck . i’m too short for them :( 
last outing with my b :( (@ snapperz of carmel) URL 
i'm a sickie today ... watching castle & trying to appease the dog who desperately wants to go on a walk :( 
oh how i would love to go spend 30 bucks on sushi 😔 so good but so pricey . this is my broke life . 
is very sad that i've been at work all day and only got to see USERNAME for like 10 minutes an she leaves soon 😭 
USERNAME something fun to do with bb this weekend . take blankets n chairs n make tents in living room and camp out . she will love i t.t akepic 
USERNAME oh shitt i have a road trip this weekend :( 
i thought i had no friends :/ but everyone i used to fuck wit tough is either in polk county or prison :( 
all week , when char gets home from school i'm going into work .. i never see her ): 
USERNAME USERNAME i am following them . didn't get many followers :( 
definition of a hot mess right now .. except i'm cold because my hair is soaking 😞 
i was looking foreword to hanging out with her :( 
can class be over yet ? i'm about to piss myself and we have to stay to get our tests back ... ugh :( 
#fact these 45 min . are ready to be the longest 45 mins . i ever had to wait for . 😑 😔 
waah , we were suppose to go see breaking dawn together . he promised ! </3 
#ff (one at a time ): USERNAME for excellent up to date info on #audio / #video calibration and #thx certified #tech #avtweeps 
lately i've been such a shy little bitch when i meet new people . wtf 😔 ain't me niiggaa 
USERNAME guluyorum ama bildigin uzuldum aslinda derinde bi yerlerde :( 
cable & internet is out again :( (@ new york public library - mosholu library) URL 
she didn't text me back for the first time , my feelings are extremely hurt . i hope i didn't make her feel bad 💔 😔 
in the waiting room while kevin gets his teeth cleaned , he's all by himself 😞 , he's growing up soo fast 😭 
im so bored when im home alone .... :( where is everyone ? 
watching USERNAME before class , and it's killing me ! 😁 😢 😱 
#thesefeelings are not the best in the world 😞 idk wht to do ! 
USERNAME ouch shit just got emotional and wrong on my part :( im sorry shola ! i was really coming today my mon ligit tricked me into not 
i'll clean until this lady comes . 😣 😞 😖 😩 
still can't get over that all the broken promises . </3 i'm always gonna have that love/hate feeling for him though .. 
USERNAME USERNAME gasp ! really ! thats tragic :( whatever happened to happy endings ? 
USERNAME we have a test for music on the 19th ty :( 
my best friend hasn't text me back for three days 👎 😢 
i think ima go to cola .. ain't nothing to dining aiken this weekend smh :( 
there i was waitn on the gas line .. finally got 2 front 4 cop 2 tell me ny is doin even-odd gas ration .. my license ends wit 0 .. not my day :( 
USERNAME meet me at my locker at the end of the day i need to hey kaitlin's books because i'm her bitch 😞 
yeah .. in a real bad mood :( zero is having a fit since last night about 5 :( so im hours into a full scan .. making me pissy but i ♥ u 
no shave november isn't going well for me , i've been playing since last year 😞 
no power againn . my house is colder than outside aahh . i cant imagine those without homes :( </3 
dear hectic life ... i hate you . i want my friends back . #fml #hatethis 
USERNAME sure yet either 😣 but u and whoever shld come pregame w us tn if u want before we find somethin 😊 
USERNAME poly sci 200 :( not at csm at all ! 
get in a wreck my first day of driving on ice :( 
last night was the worst night ever because of my tooth .. and i still feel fuckin bad 😢 thanks USERNAME for finding a dentist though <3 
USERNAME i never got to give you a kissy goodbye :( 
going through nj and it is still bad here :( 
where is my little secret i think he mad at me :( 
USERNAME doesn't even remember the bros anymore he comes down & doesn't even tell us #sadtweet 
cannot find my pledge pin . this is totally not a repeat of every day of my life :( 
good luck girls soccer wish i could be there 😭 ⚽🏆 
USERNAME icime okuz oturttun dersin ortasinda huzun ne kelime :( (((( 
you know you're getting old when your childhood tree fort lays to rest ... :( @ mama's house URL 
USERNAME will you ever notice me or i really need to give up ? :( 
my computer would freeze when this process book is due in an hour ! ! > :( 
why do i do this to myself 😔 i'm sorry 
you really know how to make me feel like poop :( 
i wish my parents were coming down this weekendd 😔 #11dayss 
USERNAME USERNAME me too ! may 7 2013 is too long to wait ! :( ((( 
i miss the person i had a long rime ago wish i had him back :( 
i would of been okay if uncle ben didn't die in this movie . :( 
1st time in years that i havnt had nails on ): tookem all off today 
USERNAME awe . why didn't tell me you were coming ? ? :( -_- 
damn i would miss an online quiz 😓 😢 😢 
what will i do for another 4 hours at work without my phone 😫😫 😭 😭 
missed class ! ! ! paper due next week :( 
USERNAME its mando , i just put a120 dollar battery in my truck :( 
tonight your memory burns like a fire , with everyone it grows higher and higher </3 #comewakemeup 
sorry mike brown . :( now bring back phil jackson or brian shaw ! #lakers #ontothenextone 
i wish USERNAME 's phone had service so i could tell him something ! 😑 😔 
i have anorexic cheeks 😔 fml rt USERNAME i have fat ass cheeks though 😢 
kids , if you pay attention in math class , maybe one day you too can accurately predict a presidential election (twice ): URL 
USERNAME typed lol ... but never really laughed out loud ... ha #ivedonethatshit lol USERNAME 😭 
USERNAME i wish ! there's one rule and it's there's no napping or sleeping throughout the day 😔 🔫 
USERNAME damn sorry .... next time ill wear a garbage bag :( 
because after school i can't take a nap before practice and i have practice till late tonight 😣 😭 
USERNAME still 💔 i hope your still coaching for ghs . #onceabulldogalwaysabulldog #congratstho #theywontloveyoulikeghsstudentsdo 
rt :c omputer programmer testifies about a program that when installed in voting machine would flip the vote 51% to 49% URL 
now i have my hello kitty ipad case with no ipad 💔 
my grandmother did not just say finna ... oh my lanta 😣 
who wants to see theresa caputo from long island medium with me 😔 
she's such a big girl now 😞 #boxer #puppy #laila #dog #pet @ home sweet home URL 
everyone from cmu is going home this weekend , i hate being by myself . #sadtweet #homesick 
im too selfish with my heart , id rather just keep her to myself and not let anyone take her from me :( 
USERNAME lol thanks for that clarification . i need to start paying attention to sports . i’m dumb in that department :( 
dear hockey , i miss you . 😔 💔 USERNAME @ new york penn station URL 
USERNAME none of my napoleon clothes fit me anymore . lol there all from second grade ): haha . 
😒 😒 my face when my friends post pics of themselves at the beach 😞 #homesick #t &t #teamtrini 
i wish i wasn't allergic to cinnamon 😔 i hate passing up awesome looking food ! 
i was so happy to get people to fight in my back yard now it might not happen tf :( 
USERNAME not yet . at least my clients don't think so :( 
you can't tell by the picture but the walls are leather ! 😧 @ red rock casino resort & spa URL 
the snow would be super fun to drive in but i have a seriously low rear tire that needs attention asap so i'm driving like an old man . :( 
feel like my bestfriend spot has been replaced ... #sadtweet 
USERNAME lol i have to ! my ends are terrible 😔 
when oomfs in school all day . <<<<<< 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME i guess this never sent - i would but i probably have to grade sunday afternoon , and i have somewhere to be after :( next time ! 
lmao imagine the lakers hired stan van gundy 😭 😭 😭 
this duck just chased me <<<<< 😭 😭 @ idle hour park URL 
so jealous of everyone's parents coming down for dad's weekend ! :( someone adopt me . 
USERNAME i was so #devastated they were out of #redbull #zero when i stopped at store ! ! #sadday #atx #austin #whorehey 
USERNAME thanks for saying bye i didn't get a hug ? 😞 
USERNAME i would say come to vb but i have a study session tonight :( 
USERNAME i know i'm was bummed about tomorrow still too ! :( i did it in my sleep tho ! 
i want cereal ! but there's no more milk 😭 😭 😭 🔫 
why isn't duck dynasty on right now ? ! ): 
id so much rather be in boston than new milford this weekend #fml 
USERNAME yes kat texted me about it ! ! apparently the guy might have died 😢 
😔 i'm too hungover to even love my dog . 
ok pyper no more giving blood for you . 😞 💉 
month of applying for like 50 jobs and finally got two interviews next week ! on the downside , #noshavenovember must be interrupted :( 
holy fuck . $6400 for three classes ? there goes my tropical vacation :( 
USERNAME USERNAME your not even following me back #sadtweet #seeyouatanchorsplash ? 
USERNAME wow ! sorry to hear about that :( sonja and i will indeed keep danny in our prayers . 
man my head hurts ! ! i hit it on the floor in gym :( ( 
USERNAME i always swam like total crap there ! my cap fell off during my mile at team illinois and my 800 at senior zones 😥 💔 #badluck 
daniel didn't want to take a pic with me at the apple store :'( #waltwitmanmall URL 
USERNAME i can , but its so hard :( ask rosa i be passing out in math class lol 
great . now i'm gonna be in the back :( 
USERNAME when my cousin told me it was gonna be there i was like oh he'll be there for sure ! ! and no sign of you anywhere :( 
my caffeine withdrawals are wild . #daysix #willpower #imisscoffee 💔 
my horoscope just told me i might choke ! :( eepp (worried) 
my timeline is slow today why is that ? :( 
USERNAME sir james you spelled my name wrong :( i thought we were better friends then that lol 
USERNAME shore u do , i all texted i the other day n u cindy answer ur own brother :( 
i wish i had enough money to dress as nice as all the vs models . 😞 
it used to be that going to the library was supposed to take away all distractions , but if you have a smartphone your still screwed 😔 
USERNAME damn . veterans day . seems like every other university is off 😣 
catchin up on supernatural . missed wednesday's episode . :( 
😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 rest in peace pearl . 😔 you were a good little fishy . and the best apes project . ill miss you . URL 
#ff USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME cause i miss #night calls :( 
noo i was legitimately in love with USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 why oh why america ! ? ! ? ! #thevoice 
i feel like shit , i really wish this cold would go away 😔 
youtube link to the kx3 + isdr band scope video i took earlier . audio is quite low , sorry ! :( 
ill kill you rt USERNAME i turned tenika into a bad girl :( lol 
miss USERNAME already and it hasn't even been a day yet .... college is boutta be hell :( 
waiting to find out what the heck is wrong with me cuz i'm getting worse :( 
my little sister and my best friend are talking about how i used to be ugly and that thank god i did something with myself :( (((( 
USERNAME idk im gonna cry too omg youre the only one ive met from tennessee ): 
all dogs go to heaven :( r . i . p zoe 
alguien me quiere regalar 50 dolars ? URL solo tengo 22 :( 
i maybe looseing you but you already lost me :'( 
the cutest cat i've ever seen , but he's deaf 😔 @ hortmanville URL 
USERNAME i made plans to stop by your house last night when i left the casino , but my baby got sick and i had to go home 😔 
USERNAME damn i'm sorry ! ! ! i was sleeping 😁 😔 
why da fuck didnt i just go home this weekend :'( 
uh seriously miss USERNAME so muchh . meh . :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME at cornerstone ? i have to work ! i wanna see you before you leave . :( 
i met 2 people today who did not know of the existence of pure maple syrup . #sadday #maple #yum 
USERNAME i know right ? i had tests in every class :c 
square app didn't work . i was so excited to try square wallet USERNAME :( couldn't scan or type in barcode . URL 
USERNAME lol not feeling it right meow 😔 when i feel like it you'll be the first one i snap #noworries 
why does mike have to die in desperate housewives ? 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME ehh next weekend i'll be going ! ! i gots a big test coming up . 😔 
wishing USERNAME lived over here instead of in chicago 👎 😔 😒 😭 
why must i see you everywhere i go ? ! ughh 😣 
just had a dream that #oomf was possessed by the devil & trying to kill me . someone come save me 😳 😥 #freakedout 
coffee coffee coffee i want coffee that actually taste good :( #tired #needcaffeine 
i just don't feel like getting ready right now 😔 
maybe its the lighting in my room but i feel like my hair is some ashy blonde color #sadtweet #itfaded 
USERNAME ...... don't even look at bryce's last retweet , you'll just want to cry ... i am . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i have the most talkative customers at work when i'm the most tired :( 
my niece is now coming on tuesday ! ! ! yayy cant wait to meet her <3 pissed i cant go home until wednesday though :( 
bawling my eyes out at USERNAME literally bawling . mr feenyy :( 
so tired ! ! :( doctors appointment at 4 then early dinner with my love then hopefully a nap . wish i could just bum it . 10 weeks ! ! 
last pre game meal :'( #timeflies #tavaresfootball #tavares vs #lakeminneola #seniorli @ tavares high school URL 
hannah would text me as i'm about to fall asleep ): 
USERNAME i wish i could .. i miss vb i wish i had money to do so :( 
USERNAME i'm not coming home this weekend at all :( sorry id love to though ! ! 
why do i kid myself ? i know i am going to miss college and the friends i've made #sadtweet 
USERNAME this new update still has my game not loading at all :( 
aw i miss blu that dog was so cute :( 
everyone is going to cortaca this weekend :( wiah i was going ! 
i wanna go home and sleep ! ! ! 😞 😞 😞 😴😴😴 
please pray for my nonna . we just had to take her to the emergency room . 💔 🏨🚑 
USERNAME i deleted it ): text me 209 648 3681. 
USERNAME its not who i have its who i had . freshman year i took sum old fart , damon and i got an f now i have to retake it :( 
USERNAME no ma'am . this dudes stayin in tonight most likely . bad cold and work in the morning :( 
USERNAME love you too ! hold it down at work for me :( ( #betterseeyoubeforewednesday 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i work :( 
damn ! chris can't come over now ..... laame :( 
will someone comeover & watch a movie with me . 😔 #cantleave 
hooters chicago and no garlic parmesan wings :( seems not every store carries them . #chipotlegarlic it is . 
movin day , again . #picstitch #sadday #adventures callieashlyn USERNAME #car @ mayflower URL 
lauren is owl (she doesn't have a twitter :( ) 
muhh poor bbyy 😔 🚙 @ choe's auto center URL 
all my pictures got deleted ... wha t.t he . heck . 
USERNAME didnt even know u sent me a tweet or i would have :( #sorrybooboo 
USERNAME :( no . you just haven’t met me yet ! haha ;) 
shit . i've been at the dentist for almost two hours . they're so slow . :( and my phones on 14% :( 
what you're doing is wrong . why would you do this to yourself 😢 
today is the perfect day to boo love outside 😔 💔 
#iwillneverunderstand why they stopped making four cheese doritos . :( #ubersadness 
- i'm always the sick one && no one ever visits me ... ! ! :( 
merp merp merp i do not wanna go to math 🙅 😭 
USERNAME it's not showing anywhere close :( ( do you know of anywhere ? 
emergency with the family so no pics today :( . watching my niece and nephew today . #babytime 
i think i'm allergic to the new body wash i bought 😥 😡 
the last 2 episodes of #gilmoregirls are so so emotional . 😢 
USERNAME we lost too :( i hope it's so they can help others too 
USERNAME wow a tweet from jenny hmm thought she didnt know me no more 😞 nd his leaving 😑 
USERNAME i love you to ! ! miss you :( 
USERNAME i'm gonna come visit in the spring when i have time off ! ! i was really sad i couldn't make it this semester :( 
USERNAME nigga you are loved c': i felt lonely :( 
USERNAME i'm gonna miss you :( don't you visit family in the city ? 
my seat was pushed all the way up ! rt mt USERNAME :( you can get those racing seat pads . or a telephone book . (they still have those) 
my poor baby has a skin infection :( (@ hollywood animal hospital) URL 
and today i start my day with five different pills . my body is falling apart ... i feel like an old lady :( 
USERNAME what're you doing tonight ? i have nothing to do :( 
i feel really bad for people who have to use windows every day ... i feel bad for me :( 
* cough cough cough cough fucking cough cough * :( (((( 
my dog won't even come to me when i call his name .. i'm heartbroken 💔 
USERNAME yeah :( my parents are moving up there and since i'm yet to be independent i'm forced to go with . 
i'm a fuck up i know you don't need to get all my friends to hate me for it 😔 
dropped my phone on my macbook for the billionth time and finally broke my delete key . 😥 
#fml - i'm soo bored . give md ideas of what to do today ? URL 
i'm tying my hardest to not cry at school 😔 
part of me wants to do dance somewhere but part of me doesn't 😞 decisions decisions ! 
USERNAME USERNAME (541 ): this girl is drinking wine and watching grey’s anatomy in the library during finals week . i hate comm majors . 
this is why i can never sleep at night .. ): #napps 
USERNAME aww :( well i miss you ! and i'll totally see you the first weekend i'm home ! and momma ! 
USERNAME you were supposed to hit me up ! i was the birthday girl :( lol 
USERNAME awhh thank you sis ! love you girll ❤ & btw i found our picture earlier 😢 #timeflies lol 
USERNAME brig horny then a m'f . i ready to break a nigga off tonight , right naa . :( lol 
my poor lil tyga went into surgery yesterday . ;,( #sadtweet URL 
i hate arguing with you 😔 so many things go through my head ... 
i want a snack size reese's mcflurry ... now ! 😾 
USERNAME aw , i miss you to ! 😥 💔 
lol i have no idea why i tweeted my last tweet ): 
at the gym by myself ... what's new ? ugh i need a gym buddy :( 
wish i had something to do tonight ! ! :( 
klo variety show korea yg sukses bikin ngakak dulu ohmy school sejak ada joon n yoseob . sayang udah abis skrg rating korea rendah :( 
USERNAME i have never been so nervous to watch a game 😰 😥 i swear if i lose i'll be so pissed 
USERNAME its not as blonde as i want but it'll get blonder i like it tho ! im sad u had to go back i saw u for like 5 minutes 😔 
i'm so jealous my cousin got to meet you and take a pic with you and i haven't met you yet :( USERNAME 
USERNAME aw haha i'm sorry :( have you applied to colleges yet ? do you know where you want to go ? 
lmfao i have a scar from when i climbed a tree and fell 😭 👍 & ohh yes lesson super learned 👌 
the voice ! ahh USERNAME and terry . this is so bad . :( 
if the beginning starts out bad it's only going to end bad or even worse 💔 😭 
finally home from work ... when i say i'm tired ! ! ! ! 😣 😣 😣 
USERNAME it's 20 pages , pretty long but i don't know , it's just super fucking hard for me to process :( #strugglin 
there is absolutely nothing to do , and i'm not tired .... 😣 👎 
USERNAME awe i wanna come and join the fun :( lol 
charlie talks about and asks for USERNAME like , everyday . we miss her😩 💔 
my mom knows exactly how to ruin plans 😒 💔 
USERNAME oh baby jesus , caleb cannot interfere with my lover ! ! ! ! 👎💪🙅 💔 
USERNAME i know i'm so hyper idk why :( i need to get out of the house more lol 
all i want to do is go lay in my bed & go to sleep ! 😢 
USERNAME you should be glad you didn't have to see samuel get his shots today . i hate seeing him cry like he did for his shots 💉 😭 
USERNAME working on study abroad things and in the process of buying her ticket out of this country :( :( 
USERNAME you broke mine a long time ago pat :( 
i have the feeling this holidays are gonna pretty tough on me :( missing alot and there's nothing i can change about it . gotta tough it out 
legit just got home , sucks i had to walk from ghs 😔 😞 😒 
USERNAME 😔 i'm sorry , bitches ain't shit but goes & tricks 😘 
"USERNAME really gone miss this so much 😥 . klein oak football URL 
damn can't even get someone too chill if i say i have weed .. i just really be awful and a loser ... ): 
USERNAME that's the same thing i made on the last test winkleman gave . 😞 
! i should be crying but i kant letmy feelings hold me down :( 
USERNAME lmao like seriously how did it go to guys that smell good to all the bad smells :( #yourfault 
finally telling someone how i feel ... feels awesome ... just wish it wasn't this way :( 
USERNAME i would have stayed longer but i couldn't :( we still need to hangout girl 
the novacane is running off on my jaw :( here comes the pain 
USERNAME i miss you too ! 💔 for my bday i'm going to san fran go with us ? 
USERNAME awhh ): i can askk but i dont think she'd be able to do yours . she just would not make me do it and id get my liscense 
USERNAME yes ma'am and i just wanted to also tell you that i miss you :( . and i'm sorry about your house :( . we need to talk more often ! 
USERNAME haha no it's not i don't have any friends i'm lame and that's why i don't have a boo :( 
dear john . the exact feeling im going to have when my baby boo leaves me for the navy :( 
USERNAME same . bored as fuuck at home . :( 
USERNAME rip the nhl , wish the USERNAME would just come back in my life 💔 
it really sinks in . ya know ? when i see it in stone . 💔 😢 
my parents are never home ): my dad just left & my moma leaves in an hour . 
going to bed early , somebody got me sick this weekend :( 
they are playing hawaii music :( (@ genki sushi) [pic]: URL 
when i finally calm myself down & stopped crying .. my bestfriends asks & i start again 😥 gah USERNAME love her tho 
i hate my silicone case i only bout it cause it was pink :( ohh well back to the pink zebra case 
USERNAME whats that square ! ! ! lmfao and haha no hug :( 
the dad part it its so hard to find 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME i can't babies :( i have to go to social security 
well looks like i'm not doing my homework . :( 
i would give anything to be with my best friends again . #missthem #depressed 
USERNAME shut up ! you went to mcdonalds without bringing me food back </3 
have to be up at 5 am oh joy 😔 😴 
i've been eating only cookies and cake at work .. #stomachache .. :'( 
USERNAME yeah boo ! going for sure;) but no idea what time :( sowwy ! ! 
USERNAME i have tried . isn't working .... she has her mind set :( 
fuuck . my computer froze & i didn't save 👿 😡 😠 😔 😢 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 
my feet are so sore and its only the first day of practice ! ! :( 
i wish maya was here so i could cuddle with her :( #lonelytweet 
i am never ever trying on clothes ever again ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 . 
radio is broken ... so i've been listenin to the same 5 songs over and over and over again .... 😞 🔫 
i wish i had a car so i could take a back road 😔 
i hate when memories come back cause i was doing great ? :( 
wake up way more sick than yesterday , drive all the way to school parking lot empty ! then no one could take my shift tonight ): 
announce: elvis presley blue hawaii (g ): friday , january 25, 2013 @ 7:00pm URL 
anybody else going to the movies friday to see breaking dawn part 2 ? no ? k :( 
maybe i'm just tired of you & you're tired of me 😔 
why is everyone so fucking prettier then me ? #fml . 
the hunting weekend is over ! ! :( now just gotta wait till this weekend for east river hunting ... hell yeah ! #lovehunting 
when you're that bored so you go on facebook 😔 🔫 
i want some food but the carpenter is still sanding the dining room 😔 
oh you dot like wim songs ? sry they dont have hip hop break downs in the middle . ): ( 
USERNAME should come watch harry potter with me and cuddle . :c or at least txt me back so i know shes not mad at me . 
USERNAME im out of town this weekend :( we do thanksgiving the weekend before thanksgiving in boone ! what about after ? ! 
dear twitter- i am so sorry i have neglected you ! ! 😞 
USERNAME i wish i was tall and tan and skinny with abbs . 😿 #teamugly 
how much i will give to be with him ! ! ! ! ! 😣 🙏👫💘 
i don't like wearing USERNAME 's sweatshirt because it makes me think how how much we never see each other :'( 
that’s because you haven’t made me part of your life . 💔 
i wish someone was here to watch scary movies with 😞 but i'm forever alone doe 
i look at you , u look at me , and smh lol that's about it 😔 😏 sad case 
but i do kinda want a best friend 😁 😔 
USERNAME so , you totally flaked today . ⚽. you ruined my bday :( 
i shattered my screen 😥 😭 😭 😭 😭 😲 
USERNAME i’m sure it’ll be something that they don’t know why it’s happening >.> again :c 
my life is hard tam ... i go hours without you running my belly 😞 URL 
USERNAME so i have someone to talk to 😞 😕 
i like the movie version of wreck-it-ralph & fix-it-felix instead of the crappy live version that just occured . i says :c olon open parenthese 
if i had one wish i'd wish your love away 💔 
worst things just happen to me; what the eef 😒 😔 
not being able to watch the harry potter marathon . <<<< #stupidschool 😔 😭 
couldn't be any sadder right now . i was just informed that santa claus isn't real #sadtweet 
USERNAME it should they're doing it for you i think i'm gonna tear up 😭 
welp i guess he not gone text me back :( 
USERNAME aw liam im sorry :( you are okay tho right ? , no one threw anything at you right , because that would be rude and mean > :( 
family time is often the most boring time ever , devin , you're lucky that im even here . #choirconcert #fml 
USERNAME i'm taking the next level next semester too ... suxx :( 
hi wooden post . didn't see you there but my damn head sure as hell made hard enough contact with you . #loghouseprobs #migrane #fml 
oh andy , dont want me nomore </3 ): lol 
you know it's bad when you can't even get out of the bed cause your hurtin so bad 😢 
running on incline was the worst idea i could have had , how am i supposed to walk back now :( 
USERNAME yes sooner rather than later it's been too long . ever since summer i think ): 
USERNAME heyy ! ! ! that's my phone company ): 
wanna walk over to chili's right now and be like 'hey ;)' but that's creepy and i just want it to be friday 😔 
electricity is out ? ! :( now mother nature is forcing me to go outside for power . 
USERNAME is so fucking mean to me like okay i got you buddy ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( 
why do i have to have that big booty :( i wish i could be a model type .. fuck off :( 
USERNAME i start winter softball in january ! and i have lifting from now till then , other then that . no 😔 lol 
i'm the worst cook ever . it's official . :( 
me :c an you can back to the way thing were please ? 
USERNAME hope u get better :( come home soon i love u 
what the fuck am i gonna do without her 😔 
why is it that every year , i am always broke right before black friday ? :( #fml 
USERNAME yea i have to transfer to hoover tomorrow 😭 
that depressing moment when walmart doesn't have any white fudge oreos 😰 💔 
wanna go for a nice long swim and run can't wait till i have that strength and stamina back 😔 
dating site killer basically has me mentally rolling around on the floor laughing every time read their tweets 😢 ❤ #fuckinghilarious 
he said he's gonna miss me this weekend 😔 #gottafuneralthisweekend 
aw man i forgot it was monday that means i have a 930 tomorrow 😔 😐 👎 
i feel so bad that i just did that ... 👎 😿 
#behonest o try hiding my feelings , but i suck at it :( 
USERNAME aww 😭 i hate that ! you wanna team up ? ! 
ive been crying like a bitch for the past hour . i just wanna come home ! 😩 😥 
why do i over think everything 😔 i need to go home and get my mind off things . 
lol jk they didn't want to come with me . #nolove #lonelybookstorenightz 😔 📖 
all i want for christmas is oomf . psyche ! he has a girlfriend . #sadface :( 
USERNAME lmao how'd i know u we're gunna say that 😞 
wish i could get black ops 2 tonight .. :( 
mom came home from work today sick :( she took a shower , dad gave her meds , no i getting her better . #occupymomslap i am a great nurse ! 
what's the point of requesting a day off if colleagues call all day with emergencies ? on conference with taiwan now , & code drop tonight . :c 
have to go to the doctor , or else i'm just gnna get worst 😔 
my poor niece needs stitches . hit her head playing :( URL 
one of the closest people in my life is getting married today ! 😊 😭 
USERNAME ayam , gi mandi laah . its almost 10 ): 
USERNAME ci avevamo provato mandando il papa ad avignone , ma poi è tornato :-( 
ltc ralph peters (ret ): they wh is lying ... everybody stinks in this one . 
hope vontay doing good at his game ! ! wish i was there 😢 
i pet my dog when that animal cruelty commercial comes on . :( 
USERNAME not allowed :( i was so horrified trying to buy them .... not my style 
i keep on runnin keep on runnin and nothing works . i can't get away from you . 😔 
and i sat in water so it looks like i pee'd myself 😒 😡 😭 
whyy must i get sick before i have to drive back to gville ? ! 👎🙊 😟 😷 😵 😭 
the moment the little girl in hunger games gets shanked <<<<< 😱 😫 😭 
USERNAME calm downn , he ran away so .... :( 
how many days until zack mitchell comes home ? :( ( 
USERNAME yea it sucked i almost passed out ! now it’s time to go to cobe for a night of fun ! #fml 
USERNAME aww thank you love ! ! ! i miss you more 😞 😘 😘 
s/o to my real friends in ga ! ! imma really miss you hoes man smh january is around the corner 😢 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME my grandma talks so sassy now i hate it she makes me feel bad 😔 she'll be like well i don't even know if ill make it to then .. 
i sentt him the messege . ooh boii . stressingg . </3 
USERNAME hey it's the only one i had that was clean :( 
lol i have a weird bestfriend . :( USERNAME @ 24 hour fitness URL 
USERNAME i'm already in bed or i would .. :( #imsolazy 
USERNAME why didn't you talk to me ? 😢 i love you and don't want you hurting yourself 💜 💙 
USERNAME aww that sucks :( we haven't been putting the heater on yet :o 
USERNAME well in this case , i'm literally getting ignored and deleted . five year relationship thrown away . :( 
USERNAME i basically i have either a 8:00 or a 7:50 every day . :( 
my coworker said i'm not hardcore and i look like i like taylor swift :( #asshole #brbkillingmyself 
USERNAME i know ! :( i'm sorry ! i was in a hurry . 
my iphone be half way charged already nd id be on my way buut since i got an android this shits not even a fourth charged -_- #fml 
my parents don't even cook dinner anymore they expect me to make them dinner every night now :( 
i love this weather i wish i could cuddle wit my boyfriend :( 
why must my computer not like me to do homework :( 
USERNAME fucked up at warsaw (december 21, 2012 ): brooklyn , ny , us URL 
101n @ woodside rd (sm ): :fwy - sf 42 min caltrain 36 min train at 5:26 (was: fwy - sf 38 min) 
how do you handle the fact that you child's parent doesn't ? #hardestwordstohear #whatdoido 😟 😢 💔 
i want to go to the midnight release for black ops ii . 😭 
USERNAME um probs but i remember last year i wore a skirt and everybody was like dang girl thats a lil short so i'm scared to dress up :( 
lissa i'm mad at you because whn i asked you if you knew someone name chris you said no 💔 #lmfao USERNAME 
i just want to put in my headphones and tune out the world🎧🎶 oh wait i have to study for chemistry #fml 
if i could pay to go visit heaven i'd be up there everyday to see you guys </3 
#sad #gay #veteransday # :'( #dying4acountrywhohatesyou #killing #hateisneverright @ dauphin street URL 
scared of losing you , scared of keeping you . 😔 
i don't want to quit my job anymore 😔 💔 
ise call my stepmom by her name ... thats kinda rude :( shrug 
i'm going to miss seeing USERNAME in classes . :( 
USERNAME i'm gonna have to snap myself with that rubber-band a lot tonight :( 
to be honest i miss USERNAME from time to time . 😔 
USERNAME you're gonna be so far away from me ! #sadtweet 
USERNAME ughh u and your little family are lucky 😔 god bless u ! 
phone bouta w . i . p lol byee lol :-( 
im breaking apart in front of ur eyes and dont care enough to even try to bring me back </3 
i have to write a paper on macbeth , and i don't even know who tf macbeth is #fml 
USERNAME troy was the cheapest when it came to education related degrees . it's about $2700 a term . 😞 
godd the notebook gets me every single time .. 😢 
know what sucks ? finding out your expensive ass macbook pro isn't fast enough for today's standards ... #fml 
USERNAME :( lmfao shh . i won't hurt myself ! i gotta get a little muscle so i can be a better hitter👍 
USERNAME idk i think in paragraphs ? but i'm not sure . 😔 
how i feel with most people any more ! 😞 URL 
USERNAME lol i'm not mean :( yet you still look ratchet lol ha 
i wanted tickets for the colombian game 😲 😟 😟 😟 😭 😭 
USERNAME i might try but i only found it looking this way after gluing stuff down :( 
USERNAME awesome ! i was supposed to hit it during nyc :( still got it though ! 
fuck everybody who can get black ops 2 tonight :( 
i hate this feeling i finally thought it left and i guess it never did 😢 
i wish my friends were friends with each other . 😞 
i miss jumping my horse :( dutchess , grow up faster ! 
i seriously would feel a lot better if this 5 page research paper due tomorrow would write itself 😑 😭 
USERNAME i miss you :( face time in 20 ? 
USERNAME yeah i tried to glue it back together because its so nice . then i was like , wait ill just buy another lol . then it didn't fit 😭 
sad story .... i'm disabled and my room is upstairs . try to figure that out 😒 😔 
USERNAME i miss you too ! 😭 come into gb this weekend ! ! 
😣 😳 .... my baby ! ! ! 🚘 URL 
): lol rt USERNAME USERNAME yeah i just looked .. it is -.- 
USERNAME i don't be having enough to go to a shop 😔 but i'm definitely going to someone different 
pretty sure i am gonna have a black eye in the morning . why am i so clumsy ? 😞 😞 
USERNAME yes c: & i know i barley see you :( you hide from my uglyness ;( 
i wish he would tell me how he feels other than .... ight then .... it's straight .... 😔 
USERNAME i saw my name and i thought you were giving me a shoutout , turns out i was getting called out 😔 
USERNAME ohh i thought you meant in the morning lmao we leave tmrw at 3 30 for lehigh 😔 
why can't i have lana del rey's lips ? 😔 
we are never ever ever ever getting back together 💔 👫🔫 
USERNAME hahaha i miss you too , it's depressing how long it's been since i've seen you 😞 
you dont know how much it hurt me today seeing you ..... #sadtweet 
carlos alazraqui (officer james garcia of reno 911 ): nov 14-17 > URL 
i wish i had a dad like bruce willis . he is a badass and is a sweet dad . 😔 
what oomf just told me ... 😔 mm ... now i really don't wanna go .. 
saying goodbye is never easy . even if it's only for a month and a half . 💔 😪 
USERNAME pretty great after this weekend haha but is gunna go back to sucking :( 
sleeping alone for the first night in like ... forever . #sadday 
if i could go back exactly a year from now and relive everything i'd be the happiest person in the world #imisseverythingsomuch 😔 
#behonest the way you looked at me when i sang </3 its the little things that mattered 
i've been in of all weekend . is my mom even planning on picking me up ? she probably forgot about me . #swearshehatesme lmao :( 
i want some donuts but i have no cash 😭 damn you shipley's and your rule 😭 😭 😭 i don't want to buy 12 donuts 😔 
i hate goin into dick's once again a jacket that i want is $80 thats some bs . #fml 
USERNAME i was puttin the chips away & tripped on the broom :( 
i need a jacket or coat i can wear in the snow :( i hate not being able to afford things i need . 
USERNAME i have to turn it in 😔 but i have some old things i'd like to burn so let's do that ❤ 🔥 
USERNAME ugh no . lol i hate thy shit 😞 
USERNAME no , i totes forgot about it . :( 
USERNAME what ? ! ahh i can just picture it ... ooh so good :( 
missing a surprise visit from the girls :( #cantstudyafterdinner #missedout #nexttime ! ! love you guys ! 
this work out is about to suck kill me #please 😭 🔫 
i got my blood drawn the other day for the first time and it hurted ... :( 
extra sleepy today 😔 watching snl and getting to bed nice and early 
guess imma have an ice cream sandwich for dessert tonight :( 
i didn't cheat on you damnit ! now stop telling everybody that & stop calling me a hoe . :'( 
straight did my ap stat shiet for 5 hours . had to teach 2 chapters to myself , that the teacher taught 2 1/2 weeks of when i was absent 😭 😞 😱 😳 🔫 
i wish i could vote USERNAME back on #thevoice 💔 
you should of been happy to have me 💔 ❤ 
never thought i'd choose the library over the midnight release of cod . go fuck yourself responsible justin . # :'( :'( :'( 
nice outfit ;) USERNAME 2 more hrs til launch and bad news is i work 9am :( USERNAME 
you could honestly be my forever . too bad i'd never be yours .. 😔 
reading all these cute lovable tweets and not having someone #foreveralone #sadtweet 
USERNAME i'm taking ever medicine a person can take 😢 😢 
looking at pictures of car rides , birthday parties , prom , girls inc , and lynn with USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i just really want some cough drops . 😔 😣 
sometimes i feel like crying .. for no reason at all . 😢 
why is everyone in my family going to hawaii w/out me 😔 🔫 
i stay in twitter jail ! ! ! locked up they won't let me out ... ! ! ! 👎 😔 🔒🔒 
i could really use someone to cuddle with right now , it's cold ): 
USERNAME oh ok , im mad i didnt get to come over :( 
i'm not going to able to go to the bonfire :c 
mami doesn't cook as much like she used to #imissthat </3 #sadtweet :( 
i'm really having trouble accepting that i have to gain weight ... a pound every week ... 😔 really getting to me 
USERNAME USERNAME oh i know i'm like purely jealous 😔 
USERNAME aw cuttin days /: i miss you too </3 
harlem shaking in carl's jr drive thru for my strawberry cheesecake 😔 
well the rain doesn't help my chances that wallace won't drop any passes tonight #fml #fantasyfootball 
studying all night for this macro test tomorrow . #fml 
need food butt i don't have groceries and hate eating alone #wahh 😭 
sorry i ever bothered you by the looks of your bio i am single huh .. thought you said you'd never let me go ? why wont you just talkto me </3 
in such a horrible mood , due to i can't get the percocet out of my system ! i do not like feeling high . 😒 😢 😢 😠 😡 
ugh , i needed to see bigsexy , but i can't today anymore </3 
USERNAME yah they sadly did , i loved those days ... work nd life were way more fun ... :'( 
USERNAME oh my gosh ! ! ! abdc is cancelled ? ! ? ! 😭 😭 😭 
well .. i guess it's time to say bye . 😢 but at least they go to USERNAME #r5 #r5family #r5fan @ going to r5 URL 
i haven't talked to my nigga USERNAME all day 😩 😠 😔 🔫 
#behonest there will always be a hole in my heart that will never be fixed until the day im with my daddy in heaven 👼 #missyou #daddy 💔 
i just want my babess back 😢 😢 😢 #missyou #loveyou 💕💗💖💞 
this was too long ago 💔 #bandbabies #downtotwo #neworleans mollyweybright sarahvercauteren @ @ new orleans URL 
USERNAME yeahh it was metal& snapped ! & now i'm in the hospital bed damnit :( can't put pressure on this bitch 
best $2 i have ever spent , throat numbing spray ! kid germs got me this time . :-( 
USERNAME awl well that's good , :( and does you still work ? 
twitter is boring me tonight :( my tweeties need to be more funny ! 
USERNAME that's good but unfortunately my son was faking as always 😞 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME nopee ! :( haha i'm babysitting right now but when i left i didn't ! haha . 
USERNAME i did ! but now you know ! #boo 😢 
ohwell i guess its time to move on ! sucks ill be seeing him every weekend though because he's moving in with USERNAME ! :'( 
ugh , feeling like crap 😷 😞 (at USERNAME — URL 
i wish i could tweet all of katy mcallister's lyrics #disappointed 🎶 😔 
i have to wait until tomorrow to get blk ops 2. 😥 
i was just thinking how thanksgiving break better be great ,,, then i realized i'm gonna be in connecticut 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME oh my goshh :'( you really made a collage ? lol <|3 
ugh i miss the beach & my bestfriend .. ): URL 
asked my mom if i can get my cartilage pierced & i got an hour long lecture about how earrings are only meant to be in one place 😔 🙉 
:( ( i am so mad right now you have no clue 
i'm miss my 5th period when the trimester ends :( 
USERNAME wahh can i come ? ! pleasee :( this is heart breaking .. tell silva i'm coming back as a foreign exchange student from switzerland 
USERNAME oh my godd i need my bff . :( #imissyou 
i wish our class wasn't splitting up for spring break 😔 
USERNAME what ! ? what is playing ? ? :( 
#fml why jetblue ? ! why ! ? is it because of the fog this morning ? so why can't i ge @ laguardia airport (lga) URL 
r . i . p . to the owl that died in briana's neighborhood :'( 
so i'm finally going back to school next semester & i'm taking a math class :( #killmeplease 
well i don't think i can change the head much . i am doing the best i can :( 
USERNAME me too ! the problem is it never lasts more than 2 days 😭 
USERNAME i miss you more :( and i'm doing ok how about you babev 
USERNAME quiero se como tu my but its too big and my tetties no words :( 
USERNAME bwing me one tomorrow pwz :( & wtf your twit pic ! ! ! ! :( 
no USERNAME 2night :( :( lets see how long this lasts . #lexie #meredith #seattlegrace #derek #alex #avery 
USERNAME are you okay ? ! ? ! 😔 😘 
why do terrible things happen to good people ? :( 
on my way home; cant wait to see my mommy 😔 
convinced my boyfriend choked and died on his cinnamon bun 😔 😒 😒 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i wish i could but i can't make it tomorrow ! ! :( will he be back next year ? :( 
USERNAME why did this ever happen ? 😭 😭 😭 #somuchwrong #weirdkid 
USERNAME your going to laugh at me so much .. ): 
i need to see your face and look in your eyes ❤ 😞 
USERNAME everything ! :( haha i have much going on and i cant handle all of it 
why won't my boyfriend frank text me back 😭 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME this class is the reason i'm forever single #depressing 
USERNAME omg i'm legit sad ! ! ! maybe they will do it again ! ! 💔 😫 
plus i have cheese dip and nothing to dip into it ! #sadtweet 
😭 my mama did get me 2k or call if duty she two faced 
USERNAME you have an actual reason for that today 😔 
when you hear a song and love it… but you don't know who sings it or what's the name of it . 😔 😭 😓 
shower and off to bed . i'm too tired 😔 
this phone call makes me miss nicole so much . 😢 
i hate seeing blind people walking the streets .. it breaks my heart . </3 
USERNAME i'm in the same predicament of having to make a big decision . :( 
too much physics for one day . 😭 😨 🔫💀 
i miss alexis more . i didn't even say bye to her this morning :( ugh fml 
USERNAME i'm down dude but when ? ? i have school tomrrow until 9 :( (( and work the next day till 4pm 
dude fuck work and computer networks ! 👏👏 😣 😓 😓 
i'm really debating on getting my hair cut , but i know i'm probably gonna end up crying if i do it . 💇 😭 
last christmas🎄 i gave you my heart💖. but the very next day 📅 you took it away 💔 💔 
i wish i had a lil sister or brudda :( 
USERNAME aw baby ! i'm so sorry ): that's traumatizing ! 
hate when my main nigga says something i'm not 😞 
i hate watching kidnapping criminal minds episodes when i'm home alone loll 😥 
tomorrow is my last day in new york i don't want to come home 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME we can't either ! just like the voting for isf . :( 
USERNAME aww thanks babe .. i'm doing my best 😞 😒 
mom made me take my gauges out ... 😭 😖 
thats why i dont get caught up with girls , they some hoes ): 
take me back to 7th grade 😞 ❤ i miss you so much 😿 
USERNAME i miss you more 😔 imma see you during break tho i know it ! ! 
i want black ops 2 but i have to wait until christmas for an xbox 360. 😔 
finally finished basketball . four ladders back , to back , to back , to back , is going to kill me . #fml #nopainnogain for the most part . 
! o . m . f . g this sonf made me drop a tear .. time for me to turn it off :( 
i want coney island ... with some bbq better made chips ... and cant forge t.t he faygos lol 
i hate the fact , that i'm still hanging on to you . :( 
my lil sis & granny birthday tomorrow . ! ! oo i miss ha like crazy :( 
he look big & scary af out there warming up :( lmao 
USERNAME aw bummer :( but i know you can do it ! i should be in la for thanksgiving , so maybe we'll be able to hang out if you're free 
USERNAME aw dacy ! no 😔 😔 😔 i hope your day gets better ! 
#behonest i will cry when the seniors leave this year .. who will i hangout with ? :'( 
USERNAME lol , i'm just jealous that i'm not a cool rockstar like him :( 
USERNAME awh . you did and i didn't even see it . sorry . 😔 
we did ! but yu don't fucks with me no more #sadtweet 
my bf doesn't wanna go to the gym with me 😢 
my daddy didn't want to give me .50 cents to ride it :( @ cardenas URL 
USERNAME i did too .. my stomach doesn't though :( 
USERNAME i have no nails :( ill see doe i might be going home soon i keep falling asleep 
USERNAME imy too :c tomorrow we have lunch together <3 
USERNAME i know 😥 just one of them nights ! 
USERNAME but you seriously will .. and it's to long to text ): haha 
whyy i just lost a good guy friend because he tried getting frisky 😩 noo 😔 
USERNAME and then i texted you back then nothing :'( 
when dex tells emma he is getting married and is having a baby #sadday for emma 
USERNAME i was just out there :( ill tweet ya next time i go out lol i got a long night of studying ahead of me 😑 
USERNAME but people made fun of me last year :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME damn it they lost :'( 
“USERNAME why i'm pisse d: URL wow travel channel- not cool :( 
USERNAME verdad ? aww , no me digas eso q’estoy sensible ii lloro .. 💔 i miss u2 polivita .. 😢 
aww shit you ready USERNAME we bout to do the damn thing .. mad my sis USERNAME not here to see it :( 
USERNAME USERNAME cry me a river😪😪😪😪😪 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i do not want to start my homework . why does it have to be due tomorrow ! ? :( 
being sick is the worst i'm ready for it to be over 😭 
that moment when you do something awesome and call your bestfriend and remember she's grounded . what a downer . :( 
USERNAME that sucks and i hope the medicine they give you works quickly . sinus infections are painful . :( glad it is not mono ! 
watching the game really makes me miss home and steeler country :( #wanttogoback #pgh 
why am i not in a hot bubble bath ? 🛁 💔 
not even gonna lie though , i've never flown by myself and i'm scared af . 😭 😭 
just hit a huge dog and messed my car up 😢 #whyme ? 
USERNAME lmao . i was so mad when i opened that box . smh 😔 
USERNAME i know i mean i gave it to him and he didn't know how to do it and had to help him ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 he thought it was funny . 
whhy do i all of the sudden feel sick .. 😔 
USERNAME soo cute i cant beleive you're a senior :( 
USERNAME ---> USERNAME dne blocked my ass smh guess im really dne nw :( 
feeling like you're never good enough , or not important . <<<< #sucks 😔 👎 
#praychrislallypullsthrough stay strong through this difficult time .. ☕👟 💔 
i really hope i did well on that chemistry test . one more bad test grade and i'd be finishing with a b at the highest 😢 
USERNAME omg i'm so sorry :( maybe it was the best ? 
USERNAME i know it feels like there sucking you dry 😁 this weekend we need to hang out i miss you 😔 😢 
the migraine you get from crying hard <<< #oww #nofun 😔 
i need someone to help me with this paper ..... :( 
USERNAME hey ! the day you guys get off for thankgiving you should come down here ! i miss you ): 
USERNAME i wasint hurting like how it hurt now babe and i couldint mis work i need money now u seen what happen 2 my car :( 
USERNAME soo i haven't talked to you in a few days and i'm having withdrawals 😧 😕 #missmyprincess 
so now you decide to tell me we have family thanksgiving on saturday .. plans ruined #sorry ): 
USERNAME -.- fuck off lmao im a fat ass bitch :( 
USERNAME yeah ... i didn't know if you could see the fish or not because some people can't . lol . i hope so .. #sadtweet 😭 
USERNAME omg i am jealous ! ! 😔 i just walked a mile in the rain .. 
when i'm . sick at school . i get really . homesick :'( and i get sick too much . 
#20friendstokeep USERNAME even though i haven't talked to her in a month wahh :( 
i hate to hear females say the n word 😣 
someone follow me so i don't have 666 followers ! #please shout me out . something . anything . 😧 
USERNAME also alternate suddafed and dayquil . and that'll make you better asap . and my night is good , i'm just stuck at work . :( 
study study study let's all get smarter :( #criminologytest #fml i wanna be drinking , it's #rockstarweek 
damn , i think i just burned my tongue ! :( 
felt sick to my stomach all day and i have to close :( urgg 
sana american citizen ako .. nakaka depress naman to ... huhu :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME cheka is so mean ... like she thrives on that shit :'( 
i feel so sick , i just want to curl up in a ball and sleep the rest of my life away . :'( 
USERNAME aww babe used to watch those . :( lol 
u know its bad when u can't even get a sweater off without getting stuck :( #collegeprobs #someonehelpme 
ryan braun is getting married ! ? brb while i go die now . </3 
USERNAME well i like it ... it is a tad confusing thoo .. like really big vocab ! :( 
water's running slow because of the laundry :c wanna take a bath now -_____- 
i give up in keepin my cool .... please do something to fucking make me mad and see if i don't break your heart </3 
shaved my legs and forgot to shave my left calve #fml #typical 
poor chuck taylor . :( the young bucks , generico , cabana , and jimmy jacobs are all jerks . #votecolonel 
i hate being home alone . i'm so lonely 😔 😒 #sadbuttruetweet 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i see you guys ! front row #sohappyforu i'm crying 😭 eight more mins ily guys #believetour 
USERNAME thanks for replying to all my tweets .. :( 
USERNAME but then all your tweet about is losing a follower . cry baby . 😿 your kitten is ugly . #sorrynotsorry 
baby daddy left to go wait in line for black ops 2 :( ((( 
USERNAME omg she can talk now .. :( noo haha but tell her i love her too ! 
USERNAME oh cause i wasn't there on friday and some girl said something about one :( lol 
USERNAME oh yeah you sure show it hoe bag .... :( 
there is so many good things to watch on tv right now but i have a speech to write #sadtweet 
USERNAME 😢 😢 😢 😢 i shed a tear for ya . 
s/o to USERNAME my heart , my everything , we ride together 🚲, cry together 😭 , fight together 👊💢 😡 , die together 💀 ❤ 💀 , 💏💯 ! ! ! #dontfollow 
not a good sign that i'm falling asleep now . as soon as we're wrapped , i need to go to opera rehearsal til 11pm :( 
i don't know what 2 expect or do ... :-( 
really freaking out about dissecting kitty cats tomorrow 😿 #sadkitty #unethical 
USERNAME nope ! i've been sick all day :( i'll be pulling an all nighter ! 
hey twitter itss official short girlss running shit [ 5'3 ] && itss team :[ s t e e l e r s ] bow 
my teachers seriously suck ... like two take home tests ? #toomuch #theyneedtokillthemselves 😒 😞 
USERNAME aha worst part i didnt know they didnt until like 2 weeks ago 😔 😞 
i feel like shitt . can i go home already ? :( 
that's how i was gonna try to go to cali , thru . idk which college though :( 
USERNAME agree ! ! i didn't go last year :( so i'm due to go 
i need to vent now ! best friend where you at ? ! :( USERNAME 
sometimes i wish we could rewind to where we left off .. i would fix everything .. i wouldn't give up until you loved me again 😔 #thingschange 
USERNAME its not there :( we dont have disney channel 
upset about the whole track thing :( i almost feel like crying 
seeing people from vineyard really makes me wanna go back . 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you'll we don't have a picture together ... ): 
i know that you can't hear me but baby i need you to save me tonight . 💔 #fuckeverything 
USERNAME but you're the love of my life ... 😔 
even tho my lesbo roommates get on my last mf nerves imiss them :( 
would've given anything to practice with my girls tonight .. 💔 
still not feelin' good . might go earl out ! err .. 😞 
i really am going thru right now 😥 😰 😟 
my dads being really mean to me and idk why 😔 
USERNAME i know :( we will figure it out ! 
eating dinner with shea's family , but he's in class . :c 
USERNAME you ok ? (ik i'm late :( sad face) 
i always forget about this lady im emailing and now i feel bad ): 
black ops tonight :( and i can't get it my . life has no purpose 
USERNAME USERNAME i can’t get it to sync at all ! i think it used to work but haven’t been using my laptop for a couple weeks :( 
USERNAME i have been but these questions are hard af 😔 
when people act like your not even there .. # :( 
ralph just told me he hate me tho ! ☹ 
USERNAME USERNAME and i missed you in calculus . :( 
USERNAME i love and miss you took ! ! ! !. </3 
USERNAME i wish i could but i have plans tomorrow :( 
USERNAME i honestly don't remember doing that ! #sorry :'( 
but seriously how did i miss it ? :'( USERNAME #teachmehowtodougie 
his last performance ever ! 😭 #done @ el rey theatre URL 
my body is extremely heated , this means i'm getting sick :( time to end the night ,, night twitter 
i just want my daddy to come home already :( 
USERNAME thanks ! i actually got off easy . check out the comments on this recent post: URL :( 
USERNAME hahahaha lol ok ! ! ill have to start it tomorrow tho cause i got to go study :( poo to school ! ! 
it's like if i'm not saying anything important , USERNAME doesn't reply . maybe sometimes i just wanna talk about random things ... 😔 
sleeping with my fav >>>>> when i put her in the bed she didn't wanna let me go 😔 love her ❤ 
i don't really have that one best friend i can tell everything to , hang out a lot , i need one , it suck to not have that #fml 
finally caught up to season 9 of grey's anatomy ... it has be balling 😭 😭 😢 😢 
USERNAME lol :( glad someone is in the same boat as me 
i'm tired of waiting for something good to happen , 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME i hope i win . i never win any contest :{ ( #glheartsvj 
i got cinnamon in my eye . excruciating pain ! lmao .. really tho :( 
i miss all my nephews . jaiden , jermel , joseph and skyler and my niece summer . i'm so ready to go hoomme 😔 
USERNAME haha don't worry unfortunately i don't think we are keeping him :( we are just taking care of him tonight . 
USERNAME i dont knoww i don't think so i haven't figured it out yet but its not looking like it :( ill tell you when i do though 
USERNAME if it makes you feel any better , i'll come by your locker tomorrow and make a really really ugly face . and miss you too 😭 
everyday you come home and yell at us ! can you just save your energy and shut up ! > :( 
a persons always answer to the question is * i got it from someone else* smh lol :( 
i hope you stay safe tonight and don't get into trouble :( 
omg ! pinot gridgio died ! :( USERNAME USERNAME #deathofalegend 
USERNAME omg ! yes ! ! ! haha that just made my night ! i miss you soo much ! ! ! ! ! 😢 i needa see you for the holidays it's been to long ! 
seen jorge barley friday and it feels like forevaa i miss him already :( 
USERNAME because of #superstormsandy i'm like 2 weeks behind in my yt sub box - i don't even know what i missed ! #sadface :( 
USERNAME i only text my 2 people + twitter , pretty sad . ): lol . 
USERNAME omg i know right ! i'm sad it's over though ! :( 
USERNAME :( i am but i gotta find a way out there lol my mom be on some bs 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME caitlin isn't coming tomorrow she's sick :c 
guys i really scared ... i've never had a detention before 😔 😖 
chest pains and the worst sore throat . :( i'm so stupid . 
#steelers football & #teenmom2 hmm how is this going to work ? 😔 
1 finally caught up to season 9 of grey's anatomy ... it has me balling 😭 😭 😢 😢 
omfg sigh lol mann idk what to think 😔 😑 😩 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'd say it beats standing outside #first #empty #lonely 😔 USERNAME URL 
i didn't even get a goodbye kiss or hug from hondo today #sad 😔 💔 
it's starting to hit all of the seniors that everything is coming to an end . #sadtweet 
USERNAME :( if you need to talk i'm always here girl . ❤ hobalo 
USERNAME were losing by a lot wthunbuns ? ! :( 
the new call of duty comes out tonight ... which means i will be boyfriendless after today :( 
my neighbors generator and fans are so loud outside my window 😞 #sandy can we go back to normal please 
i keep following/getting followed by all these #ecu16 kids & i feel like i keep seeing them but i'm afraid to say hi in case i'm wrong :( 
USERNAME aww thanks pooks i want see yyou to friday sadly :( 
watching leah file for divorce makes my heart break . no one should have to do that . 😔 
luck you gets to chill well i get to do work ! :( 
this episode of teen mom where leah and corey file for divorce seriously breaks my heart , tears in my eyes . i'm to emotional 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i finally caught up to season 9 of grey's anatomy ... it has me balling 😭 😭 😢 😢 
i hate the stupid restriction on how many letters i can use ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i'm here for you ): you know this . i was there since day one & i'm here now . text me if you need anything at all . 
USERNAME aw bri ! we have to hang out soon ! it's been way to longg 😔 
my precious baby car has been wrongfully injured (rear ended when stopping for a stopped school bus) after only being with me for 3 months :( 
cozy in my bed grr don't bother me . -. </3 
watching this little kid game makes me miss elementary and myb ball #sadtweet 
USERNAME wats up ,, yuh dnt fuck wit me nomore ? ? :( 
idc if most of my problems are first world spoiled brat problems , they still upset me 😣 
someone keep me posted on the game 😔 the library isn't playing espn for some reason .... 
USERNAME i took 3 hrs for testing :( so ur lucky ! why dont u just take ur basics , english n math ? thats wha im registered for . 9 credit hrs 
USERNAME you have so many new great friends here . don't leave 😢 
USERNAME hey , you can't go on cam yet ! i'm not home . :( 
USERNAME ohh ! i'm forever alone .... i don't have anyone . 😢 
“USERNAME being replaced is absolutely the worst feeling URL rmft 😔 
USERNAME went outta business .... 😭 😭 😭 no more free shots 
every time i watch this episode , i tear up .. hate that USERNAME and corey got a divorce . 😢 
USERNAME oh :( , im sorry be strong yo . im here if you need me . ima dm you my number 
please don't do what i think you're going to do 😣 😬 😳 
missing school volleyball 😥 but excited for club 💙 #volleyballprobs 
havent been home all day im tired jus wanna shower n sleep :( 
i miss zakiyyah :( haven't talked to her in a long time o_o 
USERNAME USERNAME plzz pick me , i enter every contest u announce and i never win :{ / #glheartsvj 
USERNAME awwh ! :-( it was like right before 4. you were standing on the baseline whole they were doing drills ! 
i hope my mom brings me my chop & friess i'd love life even more ): 
thnx jackie , think it may be broken too .. again :( rt USERNAME USERNAME oh no ! ! that looks so painful ... but those eyes ... gorgeous ! 
not having a car for three weeks has driven me to the brink of insanity . #slowmechanics 😫 😳 🚙 😭 
my phonee finna die :( that's that shit i don't likee 
USERNAME i wish you knew i existed #sadtweet you won't ever notice me 
why do i get so upset by the things people say to me ? 😭 😭 😭 
not ready to go back to work tomorrow 😔 👎 #livefortheweekends 
anyone have an extra ticket to tonight's USERNAME #howlglow game ? ! ? ! i want one :( 
just talk my dog on a 30 minute walk in the dark because she can't go to the bathroom alone anymore :'( #doggydementia 
USERNAME well that's not what the little booklet says and ikk #fml #wishiwasrich 
forgot i have my drivers ed final tonight . #justwantsleep 😔 
USERNAME awe . ): yay for insurance is for sure . 
USERNAME magic jim buss approved that hiring on his own . dr buss would have never let his fans down like said day in lakers natiom :-( 
goodbye you itsy bitsy muthafucka . #spiders #hate #bigasspiders #fml #iscreamedlikealilbitch lol @ bathroom URL 
this physics lecture is just about killing me ... 👎 😔 #letusoutearly 👍 
USERNAME i'm kinda upset that you didn't recognize me ... #debatable #sadtweet 
i love it when sophia doesn't wanna go to sleep , noot :( 
USERNAME i wanted her but it didn't work out with my schedule :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME or never because he doesn't even know i exist :( 
my teeth are so sooree .. :-/ oh braces , you're a fucking pain in my mouth . #fml 
USERNAME i know , i seriously haven't seen you in so long .. #notgood :( 
USERNAME cheer up , before you make everybody cry . y'all played the best y'all could ! 😥 
just knowing that the day is almost over , & there school tomorrow ! 😩 😭 
i wish i was good at giving advice 😔 #ifeelsobad 
this day can't get any worse . 😢 💔 #imissmydog #imisshim #fml 
3 weeks out & i'm bloated , craving donuts , and finger-licking the peanut butter jar 😳 #pms #fml #npc 
USERNAME soo frustratin , thought i'd be over it by now , its been 2yrs haha :( 
such a wreck looking at these pictures and listening to depressing music .. why am i doing this to myself 😭 😭 😭 
fuck i wanna go back to ace so bad :( 
you turned into someone you said you'd never be 😔 
i hate 😾 i don't see how people have them as pets #ewwe 
woke up in beautiful charleston , sc . going to sleep in clifton heights , oh . #depressing 
seeing that picture of you two together <<< night ruiner :c 
me siento estresada :( necesito ir al cine ir a el restaurante :( divertirme 
USERNAME & my grandma is slowly passing away and my family is splitting :'( 
why is everyone having aroz con leche today ? :c 
the sun has gone down and my shift is barely going to start 😔 
USERNAME i've never made a house or a gingerbread man :-( 
USERNAME you had an am chat on my birthday and i missed it :( 
driving back to umd ... i hate driving at night :( 
man i can't do this ! it's becoming a waist of time 😒 clearly he don't care no more soo why should i ? 😞 
USERNAME verdad ? aww , no me digas eso q’estoy sensible ii lloro .. 💔 i miss u2 polibita .. 😢 ** 
gahh i just want these cnu essays done with 😭 there's way to many 
“USERNAME ehh . . . i'm not feeling any where near good . :( 
i make a yummy dinner and my stomach decided to be upset so i can't eat ! :( #sad 
USERNAME aw man :( i mean if that's what you thinks best . ill move my stuff out of your apartment tomorrow . 
USERNAME me too 😣 there's been so many times where i've wanted to talk to you ! ahh ! 
USERNAME USERNAME yah that's how it was for me ! i had no sleep at all last week so that's why i had to turn you guys down .. i was sad ): 
USERNAME it's so frustrating at times yannoo and to top off that i couldn't go hunting tody or alot cuz of moving shit 😥 
USERNAME it was me you and jake . it’s on my old phone . :( 
i'm allergic to something . i'm all itchy and blotchy :c 
101n @ 23rd (sf ): :accident before vermont st left lanes blkd (was: trsr isl 16 min berkeley 30 min oakland 24 min) 
101n @ candlestick (sf ): :accident before vermont st left lanes blkd (was: berkeley 38 min oakland 32 min sf dwntwn 18 min) 
i found someone i actually like but can't be with them lol i give up ima be one of them ladies alone with four cats ): 
hate went my mom brin up this ring shyt ! sayin were is eijae at , and tht i wasted alot of money on ayee girl tht didnt want the samething :( 
101n @ woodside rd (sm ): :fwy - sf 40 min caltrain 32 min train at 5:52 (was: train at 5:26 caltrain 36 min fwy - sf 42 min) 
USERNAME quit dog farting ! ! ! gross ! 😭 
my hookah whores car needs to be fixed like now ! whoever caused her accident , will burn in hell for this ! #sadday #hookahproblems 
USERNAME USERNAME at iheartradio theater presented by: pc richard and son (november 27, 2012 ): new york , ny , us URL 
omg ! i feel like i'm never going to see the game ! ! ! :( 
really wish i was at the yellowcard concert now 😒 i already had to miss them at warped . :( 
ok . insanely jealous how close she was to adam levine . 😭 
i just want school to be cancelled so i can go to boston and surprise my boyfriend on his day off from school . 😞 
USERNAME tell him he won't listen to me he thinks its stupid :( 
hard not to well up on that rico martin goal . :'( #sabres 
USERNAME i didn't even see your snapchat but i opened it 😞 #howgay 
i'm sad having to downsize my earlobes , but it's for the best :c 
USERNAME haha is it not true ? ? i hate girls like that > :( 
he did that shit on purpose . he fake , i have an attitude now . 😞 
mierda yo tambien quiero conocer a las hermanas russo como las conoció agus , no vale :( 
USERNAME aww ! ): text me if you need to hunny 
USERNAME - that would require me to actually be in a relationship . good advice tho ! #justsayin ☝ 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME when we all leave i'm just gonna be like 😭 
today was the most boring day 😔 i did nothing productive at all 
:( not in the best moods .... never thought yu would make me cry ! :| 
is that to much to ask for ? :( now a days it seems like that is to much to ask for , but that's all i ask . #waiting 
USERNAME me too ! it's going i be so sad . 😢 
the day finally came where they sold my baby ... :( we had a good run lil pony . take care . 
i seriously have texted like 20 people about this bio project and no one will respond ! #helpagirlout 😭 😭 😭 
dead , my boyfriend left his phone at my house :c 
USERNAME no don't do that ! then she won't let me ): 
she just hung up on me . 😔 lmaoo 😭 
good luck to my cousin , janet . she gives birth to a bby girl today & her man is locked up . it's sad & i know he's worried about her :( 
USERNAME aww ! ): fine i'll sleep in niams bed . cause he loves me morev 
smmfh i dont even kno what to sayy , </3 
sighs fckn elmo .. always knew somethin wasn't right with him 😔 
guys i don't really care who your friends that keepers are 😢 
he would never know how much i cry ever night , that its hard for me to stop thinking of him :( 
USERNAME i have the 4s the 5 i don't really want either :-( ..... i'm so used to the iphone that's why i think #addicted 
tryin to talk to USERNAME but he in his feelins somehow 😔 😣 
just realized i will not be going to my comp practice tomorrow ... i will it along with all the people and good times ! #sadtweet #undefeated 
USERNAME yes ! and then i see that shit on here ! :( ((( 
i haven't even left and i'm already getting sad :( 
i just want to blast one direction songs in USERNAME 's room and sing && dance to them with her :( 
USERNAME me too , jaz . 😔 leaving you all is gonna suck . it's so unreal that this is my last year of basketball . 😖 
i wish i could play quidditch . 😔 #dreaming #hp 
when you wask your hands but then notice you have to go pee #fml 
just dropped my phone for the first time . #fml 
when i remember i lost my goggles in the ocean while at the dominican .. #sadtweet 
USERNAME i love you babe and wish you were here 😢 
i hate doing my chem prelab because it just reminds me that it's that much closer to the actual lab 😞 
can someone bring me home after my karate class tomorrow from bcc :( 
i feel bad for what #oomf has to go through ): 
im craving somee ice cream & gummy worms ! ! ! ! :c 
watching the last shrek cuz i haven't saw it yet . i'm so sad this will be my last first time watching a shrek movie ! :( #nowplaying 
USERNAME nice ! it's been too long since i've fit in a size 6 ... i cant even remember lol ! and no , no passport ! 😞 
teen mom isn't the same without maci and little benny USERNAME 😔 
you and your clan need to move back to friday 🐣 :( 
USERNAME i know but there's nothing else to do ! 😔 
i rather be with my boyfriend right now , i miss him 💔 🙍 😞 
USERNAME awh really ? 😔 well that song is no good i was really going to tell you to listen to by him ! 
i hate alyssa 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😰 😰 😰 😰 😰 😰 😰 😰 😰 😓 😓 😓 😓 😓 😓 😓 😓 😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫 😨 😨 😨 😨 😨 😨 😨 😨 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😰 😰 😰 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😫😩 😢 😥 😓 😪 
USERNAME i never pre ordered it :( i'm going to get it from walmart tho . 
💔 some people are meant to fall in love with each other , but are not meant to be together . 💔 
i'm so sleepy but i have to study for my tests😴 😞 😔 
my uncle is gonna buy my plane ticket to nevada tomorrow .. omg ... 😢 
USERNAME i honestly do miss track ! :( we had so much fun ! i might jump again next year ! ! ! #pausenot #bsutrackandfield 
USERNAME no .. but i jus get played .. 😦 😦 😦 😑 
USERNAME USERNAME i don't like this at all ! ! ! ! ! ! :( ( 
you have me to talk to ): guess you don't want to ... ): 
next tuesday it would of been one year with you in my life </3 #shitchanged 
i just wanted to go to the hockey game :( no ride ... 
my dad found my souvenir from red lobster :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
just finished first day at sharepoint 2013 conference @ vegas ! it was an exciting day . labs canceled :-( #spc12 
my bf is gone and my dog is sleeping 😣 
i just really need someone to come to my vdance with me :( 
i could have my license in 6 days .. that makes me want to cry😩 😢 
why can't ms bruhnke just let us use her laptop 😭 ugh she's making it more difficult than it needs to be 
nothing i do for my family is right😪 💔 #crying #imdonetrying 
i can't watch her die i watched him die i can't watch u die tonite 2 avo pls don't leave us :'( 
USERNAME why does everyone say that :( i'm being serious haha . i thought its a good thing if your pee is clear 
chem sucks i cant figure out the webassigns ! #werefuckedforthetest #itstmrw #fml #wereallgonnafail 
USERNAME but don't worry jesus will be with you . even though here lately it seems as though he isn't listening to me . :( 
i feel terrible ! i'm coughing and running a fever . :( laying on the couch watching the rats of nimh with my girls . URL 
i don't want to wait that long . 😔 😞 😣 
i don't even miss #oomf .. but damn i miss that head 😩 😭 whyy 
op ! except jas . but that was back when she use to hit me up :( USERNAME don't even know her number . tsk tskk 
i love buying a charger that doesn't work . 😔 
USERNAME i keep trying to contact you and i've tried calling USERNAME and she doesn't answer or call back :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME dudee . i took it and then your phone vibrated from a message or somethingg . maybe that's whyy . sowwyy :( 
like collison out there tonigh t.t hat's about the biggest compliment i could give . you earned your jersey .” 
USERNAME ooh .. that is yummy ! ! good for you ! i am still in the android smartphone buffet line :'( 
i forgot my makeup bag so i couldn't touch up today :( 
USERNAME oh ... 😔 my bad . it'll be ok ! 
i am soo hungry ! ! ! omgg :( (((( 
$3.43 nc price :( (@ ingles gas express) [pic]: URL 
USERNAME yeah and it was at work ! of course . only at fc #ugh my baby :( good monday huh ? 
i hate coming in my room & seeing all my babyy's stuff , but not seeing him 💔 💔 
no conditioning for me tommorow :( my foot ! i blame these stupid converse ! they have no sole what so ever ! 
USERNAME my right one started rejecting so i had to pull it out ): 
gah ! i hate writing essays soo much ! > :( 
starting to really wonder if USERNAME is seriously mad at me ... #worried 😞 
i really don't think i'm passing the ap test . ): 
it's so hard ! ! ! me - 🍁🌳 = going crazy 😳 😥 😑 🔫 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i miss you too laura 
starting to not look so pretty ... lol dub alert 😦 
USERNAME , are you ever gonna stop by philly for me ? 😥 
finally got back to brooklyn , but my night isn't over yet . another day , another lesson plan -__- #tired 😕 😩 😞 
there's not enough time in the day to do everything i need to do 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sounds awesome why are u so far away :( 
he keeps texting me lol i'm done with guy friends 😔 
fuck . phones at 7%, still 40 mins left in class #fuckmylife 
, ' + tonight just not my night at all ) ': gone too bed , sad and mad &'dd lonely </3 
the road back to maritime is always a sad one #sadtweet 
USERNAME yah 😢 i literally walked around the whole mall looking for it .. then i asked a worker n he said it went out of business😩 
jutro wrócę ze szkoły przed 18 :( ( a moze i pózniej . niee ! 
but seriously everyone snapchat with me so i stop crying about this chem test tomorrow 💔 😓 
one of those moods where i just wanna shut out everyone in the world and listen to my music 😔 ✌ 
gonna be the slowest 25 minutes of my life :( 
i just want to go straight to sleep , and i can't ): 
USERNAME ohh i'm already on it ! but he said on the radio he 'doesn't know what's going on' with their relationship :( 
USERNAME omg now he sounds like a screaming turkey ! 😣 
USERNAME me either . 😖 😭 i'll come back and visit , i swear . basketball is just gonna blow big one without me . 
ugh i need money for a bill :-( or im fucked 
i really wish i was home to see jake make babies with his girlfriend sophia 🐶 😔 
USERNAME umm u better not go without me or i'll cry 😭 
USERNAME she said she won't even use it cause she know she'll like it . :( 
i miss watching the night shift , where's lou #sixers #sadtweet 
my nose is hurting . i think i'm getting even more sick 😢 
USERNAME that's what in sayin sweetie i'm tired of getting fucked and then never getting a call back ! ! ! :( (((( 
USERNAME lol aw man :( i'm gonna call you on skype in 30 mins hooee 
USERNAME really ? ! noo :( you no wait for me ? ! 
sleep paralysis is so scary . it happened to me three times today . ): 
USERNAME omg that sucks so bad . :( i'm keeping warm just getting used to wearing socks and a long sleeve shirt . 
, imm sickk , ughh nott a good feelinn :( 
USERNAME i get spoiled normally with trains every 2 minutes during rush hour . today i waited 12 :( haha 
USERNAME home .. in bed .. by myself . 💔 😒 
whooa mama it’s cold . so in love with this weather . but why does my skin have to hate it :( 
i think part of the reason we hold on to something so tight is because we fear we might lose or forget them 💔 
would anyone care to give me a backrub ... #please :( 
i wish i still did yoga all the time 😔 #sadtweet #unmotivated 
USERNAME come back already bitch :( 6th per is quiet with out u ! ! ! 
USERNAME you always say stuff like this after i do it ! wtf babe , i'm sorry i'm everything you hate 😭 URL 
the hardest part of is trying to forget the pain from the 1st try .. i'm so mind fucked 😔 
lmfao 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 aww shit URL 
USERNAME same grace i haven't seen you in forever ): 
#songsthatremindyouofanex who are you - who is the who .......... (darnell 😞 ) 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😔 🔫 one shot kill to my heart 
when USERNAME can tweet about me but not text me back :( 
i always loose my hair in this class 😭 😱 
smh and i was thinkin sbout waitin and everyth in smg you got it say no mree </3 <---- what da hell ! im missing shit . 
why are you making wierd sounds stomachs :l i fed you like around 9 am this morning :( 
they just had pearl harbor survivors on the screen . omg . aww . 😭 😭 😭 😭 that is so sad . aww . 
USERNAME is it okay if i give the money to cory tomorrow ? my family's at my pad & i can't leave 😔 
so much of you in my camera roll ... that's awk cuz we def ain't friends anymore . #fml #timetodelete 
don't like it when i forget my lenses & have to use digital zoom . digi zoom sux . :( (@ no place special) [pic]: URL 
old trophies that i don't know what to do with ! ! #cleaning #memories #old #dontknow :( URL 
USERNAME haha , oh my gosh i hope ! 😔 😓 
my girlfriend won't buy me a cat . :( now ill be lonely forever 😩 
but why my cramps came back again❓ 😣 😭 😥 
you always do this and i wanted froyo today 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i know :( at least we had a day off and didn't have to come home from work in the cold 
omg this is freaking me out ! why dont the vets have hats on ? ? they look like theyre freezing :( hug~ USERNAME 
the fact dat me and #oomf dont talk like we use to is bothering me really badd :( :( 
USERNAME lmao yes . jeez my sarcasm is just to advanced for you 😣 
everybody wanna be cuffed & taken ♥ ; but dont wanna be faithful & committed . </3 
i am not a moody bitch , my family should take sides with me instead of a bad friend . #fuckmylife . 
need . to . stop . spending . money . 💰 😞 @ streets of brentwood URL 
USERNAME i sowwy :( i think USERNAME missed me ! 
i wish i was there to help my mom with adrienne and her baby :( 
ugh how the hell did i not know paul mccartney was coming to houston this week ? ! ? worse yet , i’m out of town :( 
USERNAME :( (( what if it turns out bad ? 
welp off to dance with my broken throbbing toes #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm sorry i just miss both of yous ! 😢 💔 lol 
his ankle joints are bent back and he can't stand :( ( 
i really miss him :'( .... i wish things would have worked out 
USERNAME poo ! that sucks ): how did you get your other one out ? 
last night i will be sleeping in this house #ever #crying 😔 😭 😥 
the squinterns stories are seriously making me sob . 😭 #bonehead #bones8 #bones 
ready for break even though il be here working for half of it :( 
fam(i . l . y) = i love you . 💔 
pretty sure i get more random text alerts from #victoriassecret & #papajohns than i do real people ... #willingtopayforadultconversation 💵💬 😞 
wish i was at heinz field with my pa friends ! :( 
oh god i hope i feel better by tmrw 😞 
USERNAME :( just want to feel comfortable with my love for mimi but im scared of people judging me all the time i just want to be me 
it's so cold in this house , i want to cry . ): 
shout outt to my bitch USERNAME were both lost without eachothher in school ❤ 😰 😥 
ya guyz . apparantly i made a tweet saying shit then apparently deleted it . #getblamedforshitagain #fuckmylife #dontwanttogiveupbuthaveto 
USERNAME yes i lost my voice & i have a fever :( it horrible d: 
USERNAME that means you don't get to eat lasagna in creative living :( 
USERNAME i missed you guys today :( (( physical therapy isn't the same 
i wish a job in art history provided money . :( 
wishing i could vote for USERNAME tonight 😔 #sadtweet #thevoice 
USERNAME USERNAME but i will stand up 4 brandi too when people are just being cruel and hateful . it's just wrong and negative . :( 
i lost my favorite lipstick :( dark knight you will be missed 😣 😪💄 
i haven't actually texted alexis all day 😭 😭 😭 😭 
does USERNAME not love me anymore ? 😞 😔 😔 😪 😥 😖 
USERNAME i feel ya . brent's subtweets don't help the matter 😔 
need my girl to talk to ! USERNAME #missingyou :( 
in order 2have a 💔 i gotta find mine . sum1 left it that way the last 🕠 
almost got a jar of pickles at walmart but i had to put it back :( 
USERNAME jay said you guys hired another tech , though . man , that sucks . :( 
why did this need too happan 😔 😥 something good better happan in my life like real soon .. 🙏 😣 
very upsetting time in uganda - they have passed a bill which mandates death for gay acts as ... :-( URL 
aww rye & lulu are to freaking cute , i'm jelly 😔 lol 
USERNAME doesn't follow me on his new twitter :( ((( 
USERNAME at least you have a cat to cuddle with :( 
USERNAME on his website it said due 11/14 ! ): URL 
no one is going to show me love for topless tuesday tonight 😔 
i wanted to have a 80's theme skate party :( 
USERNAME da hell ? why do we always have communication issues 😭 
USERNAME at least your cute , i just get dummy 😭 
lmao chat wont let me me write anything with my pictures :( wah 
//i should be at the breaking dawn premiere rn . :( (((((( 
we get it . we dont drink anyways . let us leave . USERNAME #fml @ uwf building 58a URL 
i'm gonna cry . kroger doesn't have sour skittles 😢 
i don't dare tweet the two mixes of 2013 that i do not like . i will get absolutely shit on . idk , not feeling them ! 😣 😐 
USERNAME is your dad home yet , cause mines not ... :( 
it's not snowing ! ! everyone stop lying to me youre hurting my feelings :( 
USERNAME oh sorry :( well there is a show tss is having after the show on wednesday & its $5 & the money goes to charity .. 
i hate storms ! go away ! 😡 😭 😩 
i just wanna be in oklahoma , again . get away and have some fun for a while ... christmas is too far away :( 
USERNAME i really don't know what to do with my life :( 
my dad told me never to have kids because they will turn out more retarded than me 😤 😡 😢 
first my charger , then my headphones ... what's next my girl ? ! ? ... #fuckmylife 
USERNAME well the gg closes at 6. :( i can change it to 7 at mcdonalds ? 
one customer every hour .. really ? #killmenow #kfcproblems 😞 
USERNAME omg i know ! ! i just went and got fries and i was so sad ... that's my life :( 
so much to do with so little time 😥 😭 
im bored & nobody wants to text me lol #sadtweet 
when did all these sophomores get so mean and hurtful 😫 😭 
i'm about to just get late night by myself .. i've run out of friends 😔 😔 😔 
it's been real . and it's been fun . but it hasn't been real fun . 😥 #goodbye 
USERNAME you should be . you ruined my birthday 😩 💔 😫 😭 😪 😥 😢 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME at iheartradio theater presented by: pc richard and son (november 27, 2012 ): new york , ny , us URL 
chris brown's don't judge me video always make me cry at the end 😔 😘 
USERNAME i mean i don't see anything wrong with us ! ? lol we just aren't good enough 😭 
i wish someone would taste my pussy and told me it tastes like pepsi cola ): .... 
USERNAME you textes me then didnt text baack .. :( 
good 👉 ❤ ” i do 😔 you kno me to well 
the skinny barbra jean isn't as funny as the fat one 😔 #reba 
i'm really just tryna get skinny tho . doesn't look like it's working . 😔 
all i want right now is my mommy 😞 #notashamed 
USERNAME lmfao ! bitch boo . tcl working yo ass like a damn field horse . <<<< barely see you on here . about to deactivate mines . :( 
small pour . :( (at tortilla coast) [pic] — URL 
7 hours in lab and counting . undergrad and grad school at the same time ? #fml #atleastimnotinlecture 
if he's not going to mexico i'm going to be very sad ! :( 
i put off packing lol i don't wanna leave my friends 😣 
sad news for blacksburgers and hokies ... mike of mike's grill passed away this morning :( rip to the owner of the best burger place in town 🍔 
USERNAME it sure is :( we'll be collecting money tuesday wednesday and thursday and present them with a check before the game friday . 
awh daniels mom is so cute , she wrapped me up with her scarf and jacket before i left . 😢 💙 so cute ! ! i'm not used to that at all i love her💕 
USERNAME you never talk to me anymore , kewl 😔 
this turbo kick class is gonna be rough . im still so soree :( 
i dissapointed my madre today;that rarely happens :[ there isnt anything else that can make me more upset . she's always calling me an angel 
that's not the kinda news i wanted to get tonight .. i really hope i'm not wasting me time . 😣 
i'm hungry than a mother fucker ! and i'm still at school :( 
great my bf is gonna go play soccer and ima be all bored since he wont be able to text me :( 
i wish my mom wouldnt have put me in preschool twice :( i would of been a junior ! ! 
this movie about this long distance relationship ending <<<< 😭 
now that i woke up .. my nose is stuffed :( 
i wanna break down and cry because of the fact that ill be at work and won't be able to attend the first twilight showing on thursday 😔 😒 😢 
omg cant believe the guy that dose #elmo s voice is being accuse of sex w/underage teen boy :'( 
USERNAME salamat kuya , babawi ako once na super duper okay na ako . dami ko di nagrereplyan e -.-" di ko kase kaya . :( 
this #bones ep is hitting close to home . :( but everyone is doing amazing 
noodles sweet 16 is friday omg growing up so fast </3 
USERNAME i'm waiting for my brother to grow out if it . he only loves anna and james right now 💔 
i'm a worthless piece of shit ! idc idc just wanna die already smh 😪 😢 
what is it with these signs i don't get it :( <><<<<>>>>>><< < ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ 
s/o to USERNAME i miss this girl so much :( she's really cute and everybody needs to go follow her now . like , seriously . 
i really miss my grandpa 😔 it breaks my heart that i haven't seen him in years 
😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i wanna cry 
it's all good though i guess . i respect the hustle . 😔 
i'm always by my phone when you text me i reply as soon as i see it . no hesitation . you take forever sometimes , even if you just say hi 😞 😰 
i got to be with ma babbyy USERNAME for a whole week , now i miss her :( 
does it anybody have snapchat ? i feel like nobody has one hah :( 
USERNAME my bad i thought you were just kidding .. :( 
USERNAME we should ! but i think they are over for this semester .... :( 
USERNAME noo your baby smell was the best shit in the world 💔 
"USERNAME are you coaching ? (pleeaase say yes) USERNAME hun they have not called me , ): 
i really hate pumping my own gas .. especially when it's cold and rainy ! 😞 
we all have that one #psychotic #guy in your life that's #obsessed with you ... #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME i feel your pain . that’s how it was when i got out of work today :( 
finding my wave jerseys makes me miss playing club way too much </3 or maybe its just not seeing my teammates #family 
you have cat to be kitten me right meow 😿 
USERNAME dude i feel like i haven't talked to you in forever :( that was on hopes ds we were like aww lil sky :'( 
USERNAME you miss your daddy and bro and sissies . :( 
-im too dark to be wearinq barbie pink lipstick 😞 
when your so comfyy in your bed but have to turn off your light>>> 😔 
this is the most inconvenient night to have an exam the next morning 😭 
gahh i need to download music but my laptop is broken :( ( 
thank god USERNAME is driving .... a deer coming strait towards us on the highway 😧 
USERNAME thanks for watching out for me though <3 i miss you :'( 
shit , i still gots 2 wash . boo 😒 😭 👎 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME haha noo ! kael you gotta share 💔 😔 
idk why USERNAME won't follow me . :( adam follow me ! ! i love u ! ! 
too damn cold . i just wanna cuddle . ): 
came home and my baby love wasn't here ... just left me :( 
USERNAME so ur subconscious says that kameron hates me ? well it's probably true 😞 here i thought those insults & harassing texts was love 
USERNAME getting bullied sucks i was bullied since 2nd grade and now im in 8th grade but the bullying stopped about 1 1/2 years ago> ): 
USERNAME have you done a podcast since #82 ? i can't find any after that one . :( 
USERNAME friend i think we will have to keep putting up with him 😭 i can't stand gilles 
ahh when someone texts you and it takes everything in you not to replyy :( 
i have no idea what to do for this kwl :( 
i swear only i get sick out of no where . i need some gatorade and soup :( 
USERNAME my mom is making me ! :( ( ill be in dallas and mexico for a couple weeks before i leave so i won't have time to ! 
i need for more #jeffreycampbell shoes ): fell in love with #jcplay ... 
missing my boys play 😢 😢 😢 #steelersnation #steelersmnf 🏈🏈 
USERNAME ha . thanks .. i haven't worked out or diet in 3 weeks 😳 😢 #ashame 
i think my sisters have died ... haven't heard from either of them in months ... #hello #imissyou :( USERNAME USERNAME 
i wanna go cruise in my car but both my stickers are out of date #fml 
USERNAME meanwhile - i'm all alone :-( jason is on a work trip 
USERNAME you did ! but you didn't say hi you whore :'( 
USERNAME ps . the reason i didn't answer ya calls yesterday was because i was at work :( 
wishing i had money to get my hair and nails done ... :( #firstworldproblems 
so exited i'm the next quinceañera in my family . too bad that's not until like 2 years 😔 
i want somebody to play the new black ops with me 😔 
you're gonna throw a good thing away over one argument ? #annoyed #sad #confused don't call it quits #iloveyou :( 
what really sucks is that you didn't even give me a chance or let me show you who i really am . all because people and their big mouths 😔 
USERNAME never . since y'all wanna gang up on me 😭 
every time i get a text i'm hoping that its you ..... 😔 
my thumb hurts so mother fucking bad :( #hangnail :( 
USERNAME but yogas can be classed up ! :( that sucks . 
#confessionnight ; i miss this one person so much .. ): 
i be feeling so bad foe these baby's with young moms :( 
USERNAME i know i am really sad right now ! :( 
:( day and i just read a bunch of emails that made me so happy and renewed faith in myself thanks to my awesome mentor/coach/ex boss 
i dont know how i'm going to survive this week ): #twoexams #15pagepaper #toomuchonmymind 
bad news— i’m working the cod bo2 midnight launch . :( likely no more ff6 tonight , but tomorrow morning . 
USERNAME USERNAME haha this is so true . :( #suckstosuck 
gosh , i hate xbox 360's . i have got the ring of death on it . :( 
another hour of work . wtf . 😭 been here since 10 ! ! ! 
looks like another sober night for me .. no one will buy me a drink and i don't want to lose my spot on the barricade :( 
USERNAME haha i'm so sorry darling :( #tooscaryforu ! ;) 
just got rated a 7.9 by a girl i would never think of getting with #sadtweet #8atleast 
USERNAME yes it is , but its a record for me & it makes me sad 😔 
dinner without my dad was not the bizz , these next 3 months are going to kill me 😥 
how my mood went from > to < crying my eyes out 😭 #iloveyouchristina 
s/o to USERNAME she is pretty and has good tweets ! i always see you but never say hi 😔 i will next time anyways #followfollowfollow 
ugh finally , finished with my sociology work ... 😔 
USERNAME thats literally all i want to do right now :( #ugh 
omg my dad is buying me tmrw or wednesday . mymom didnt wanna get me yesterday lolz 😔 
USERNAME they're up at sarah's mom with kush and jack for the night .. they have to go to the vet tomorrow and we both have to work 😔 💉 
USERNAME dallas is next weekend . and i'll be on my cruise the first week of december :( 
the game is on and im not home to watch it . ): 
USERNAME it's cool colorado didn't want you to come here anyways :'( 
because we ran out of ketchup at my house ? ! 😱 😰 😩 😭 😱 
i'm pretty sure USERNAME & USERNAME forgot about their bessemer friends ): #missyouguys 
she always makes me cry .. her entire show 😢 
USERNAME me too . i lost my flute folder ! ! 😭 💔 
#inciweb cut fire (wildfire ): a vegetation fire started along northbound interstate 15 between the kenwood and c ... URL 
it was a lovely trip but i hate how my brother doesn't even care about me anymore 😔 
someone go see the midnight premiere of breaking dawn with me :( (( 
i can't stand school anymore . why can't i just do all my classes online already ? 😔 
time for me to go home and rest ! waahh .. isang araw din yung mawawala sa sweldo ko . err .. hate it ! 😞 
USERNAME i'm done with amber she doesn't even care about me :( 
i really might cry over the fact that i don't have a legitimate son i steal kids and have fake babies #sadface :( 
just watched a video on the romanian orphans . soo sad :( 
i wish i would've just gone back to stillwater 😔 
don't feel good at all and have a ton of calc to do #mylife #whydiditakecalc ? 😫 😭 
man turn miami game on , sucks i don't have the nba pass 😔 
haha , bottom line , i'm becoming asexual . USERNAME 👎 💔 lmfao . 
USERNAME let her sleep on your chest as much as you can , they get big so fast . :( 
how can you tell if someone is still in the beginning of there relationship . ? they always post on each others walls on facebook 😣 🔫 
USERNAME my brother does that to my friends . 😢 
h&m sale ! ! ): why can't i drive ! ! 
USERNAME but no one would buy me i'm a ginger ): 
USERNAME oh good good , it won't be for a while sadly :( (((( 
i wish i had time in the morning to get starbucks so i could be hyper at school like i am right now :( 
USERNAME i miss my big one </3 it's heart breaking honestly . 
i wish i could just rewind the past several days so i wouldn't have let you in and be so hurt right now . #sadtweet #disappointed 
i hope this icy hot helps my legs feel better 😔 #owie #pain #runaholic 
USERNAME why r we in seperate rooms watching this ... ? 😣 
USERNAME i know :c i already miss you :'c lol 
USERNAME summer summer summer ... i miss the team 😭 
i need sleep 😔 heading to the library instead ... fml . 
USERNAME damn ! i was at work :-( how'd it go ? USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME it's so fucking annoying when you hit the wrong one by mistake 😭 🔫 
so jealous , the high school has an entire week off for thanksgiving .. i have one day 😞 
damn everybody dieing smh :'( why my close ones always gotta die ? smh damn r . i . p buddy .... 
USERNAME preach it . new mexico drivers suucckk . :c 
USERNAME not bad and not looking fwd to going to work in the am . :( 
USERNAME wish i lived in a world of vampires 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME it's okay 💔 i'll just cry my self to sleep 
USERNAME no it was during the assembly today . i was on the very last row :( 
USERNAME its not the person your thinking of ... 😔 
this is the reason why so many thai girls still single 😔 #2handsomeguyschoosetobetogether URL 
i feel like if i died to day , nobody would even care 😔 😢 
USERNAME yess please ! ! ! i miss those nightts :( 
USERNAME hi👋 uhm why didn't i see you thursday 😔 
USERNAME i spent my weekend with my best friend and i realized i miss her ... and arlington sucks , i'm miserable here . 😥 
USERNAME what ! ! that's impossible haha :/ sorry though :( 
why is applying for financial aid this damn frustrating ? ugh ! 😠 😔 
i always cry when i watch long island medium . 😢 😭 
done w my powerpoint presentation . time to study . :( 
i love paper mario: sticker star but i’m disappointed about not having a little partner to follow you around and battle with . :( 
i just wanna learn how to properly dice tomatoes 😔 
USERNAME your welcome <3 you don't come to my locker anymore :( 
USERNAME aw i know ): i must see you soon 
so will someone talk my granny into letting me get tatted before my first game ? ? ? she wont listen to me :( 
USERNAME love you too <3 i missed you today :( 
i wish i had someone to walk with me ... :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME actually , it seems i am using the latest version and still experiencing this bug :( 
truth is .... i miss you ... 😔 😩 💔 
just gonna crawl up & ignore everyone till i feel better .... #night 😔 
USERNAME lmfaoo . smh . god bless lol . and i had to work :( did you have fun ? 
definitely going to start leaning up again . been letting myself go for quite awhile now 😞 
come rub my belly , it hurts . #ugg :( 
it cannot be healthy to have the amount of knots in my neck and back ugh need a massage . 😢 
imiss him soo much , when he's away :'( . 
USERNAME stoichiometry 😞 at my old school we were still on radioactive waves . lol . 
USERNAME i just checked and i am using 1.0.1 and still having this bug :( 
USERNAME USERNAME you two better not be making plans without me 😢 
if you wear trukfi t.t hen you're automatically a dirty nigga . 
USERNAME USERNAME i applied there like a month ago and didnt get hired :( 
daddy is funna yell at me for how much i spent this last week . 😔 
dear neighbors: thanks for raking your leaves into the road , and dear wind ; thanks for blowing them into my treeless front yard #fml 
ruining my chances at having trust again<<< 😒 😞 😔 
these walls are about to come tumbling down on me :( 
hate seeing my mom cry . i'd take her pain for her anyday . 😔 
USERNAME i'm sowwy :( i wanna see you dis weekend ! 
where did the other part of my heart gone 💔 
USERNAME thanks for the shirt , smooches , won't see you until the 29th .... boo :( 
USERNAME these like im gettin 😞 . not a true llama i see 👎 
my poor baby's gotta get all these tests done :( 
USERNAME i've been txting you all day & ur not replying to me :( 
if only you knew ... that i love you .. # :( 
USERNAME terrible :( i'm not gonna be there tomorrow either .. </3 
not a good day for wisconsin girls ... both ryan braun and aaron rodgers got engaged #sadtweet 
USERNAME i've askedthree people like why can't there be somebody to do this shit for me wah 😔 
gosh ... seeing . woodbridge trainstation not up and running is depressing ... #ijustwannabeacitygirl #closeststation2milesaway :( 
damn… now i’m craving sac’s but they closed at 5. 😔 
monday ... ): #tuesday ): i wish we had thanksgiving break this week ! 
i'd listen to her cause i know how it hurts . </3 
: my power is not flickering . no ! #denial 😢 
the only place in jville that delivers sushi and bobas tasted like shit . ugh so disappointed and couldn't eat the shit still hungry </3 
USERNAME oh no :( i'm sure you'll be okay . think positively 
USERNAME always babe ! ! ! except when u danced with guys in front of me ! ! ! ! ! lol :( 
i havent seen my brother for like a week , i miss hem already :c 
USERNAME i live in nj now doe 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
idek , what too tell my mom bout it ! :( ugh ihate my life right now . 
staying after school manana for salon de sabias ro finish dialectical notes :( 
i wish i could go back in time . i hate high school 😔 😪 😰 
i hate seeing couples who are meant for each other :/ and then there's me :( #foreveralone 
just getting home from york 😥 im going to miss my fam 
lmaoo rt USERNAME i shed a tear every time i'm draining my top ramen and some noodles fall in the sink :( 
everything was finally back to normal ... and u ruined it . 💔 
think of how many family members are in the war . put yourself in there shoes . it wouldn't be good at all </3 #theyfightforus 
i need to talk to you . just you . i can't tell anyone else . </3 
the rate i'm going by the time i'm 21 i will have no teeth .. chipped another fucking tooth at the barn ! #fml #damn ! 
USERNAME blah ruins your cool design on my page :( 
wishin my girl would come take care of me while im sick . :( USERNAME 
USERNAME yeah i went under the stadium with mr . crook and he showed me . there's no way to get it :( he told me your key story ! haha 
USERNAME ofcourse ! ! ! i saw john boy last night and not you .... :( 
USERNAME no puedo , es muy costoso ir allá :( 
has had the worst headache for the past 3 hours , along with some uncontrollable coughing .. #fml 
USERNAME yo se , ese es tu segundo nombre no ? yo me recuerdo q si :( 10 de diciembre mijo u . u 
USERNAME omg how is it ! ? i'm missing it ! :( 
i have to tinkle and i just painted my nails . 😬 😐 😟 😩 😣 #help 
you were everything i ever wanted .. and now i finally lost you </3 
USERNAME i'm currently on my death bed :( but when i'm well ... 
on my way to bum-fuck-birmingham ... :( (@ pilot travel center) URL 
smile on my face even tho my heart is frowning </3 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME like omg . i just wanna stay up till midnight and watch it download to my phone . then stay home from school . 😁 😘 😥 
i'm horrible :( first homework assignment at central and i'm barely starting it #procrastinator 
USERNAME i wish i was a kisiel 😢 . i want pam to be my mom wahh 😭 😭 😭 
i haven't blow dried my hair in like over 2 months , so it will grow , but it still hasn't 😔 
im back black now :( i miss my blonde ! 
USERNAME i no :'( it makes me so sad . we had soo many plans and we haven't even been talking #notmyplaneither 
USERNAME lol dude i just don't like all the drama i try to just please everyone so we can all hangout you know . ? doesn't work sometimes :( 
i wish everyone i talked to had a iphone :( ( 
one day all these tears are going to come out all at once .. :'( 
USERNAME i think my team is the worst ... 😔 
USERNAME miss u too buddy :( see u winter break 
just dropped my puud off , now driving home 😢 
#thingsihate the fact that the second half of breaking bad season 5 doesn't start until july . 😔 🔫 
went to eb games to get bo2 and they said "it comes out at midnight sorry o_o #fml 
omg i forgot how much i loved your voice . now i miss you more than anything :( #miss #summer 
jov girls slumbering because we're both home alone :'( USERNAME USERNAME 
so i just remembered i ate a fucking silk worm today .. 😣 😷 😵 
my dad said that we might not even go to mexico 😭 😪 😰 😢 
listening to extremely sad classical music to match my feelings of studying cranial nerves . #depressing 😥 
USERNAME went to get x-rays done ! it hurt so freaking bad and looks soo ugly :( now it's in a splint ! ! lol 
i know .. /: last year if made me feel like a big bitch .... #didntcrosstheline .... #immabully :( 
you can bandage the damage , but you never really can't fix a heart 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME and of course i realize i just used it b4 9pm ... darnit ! sorry :-( 
USERNAME mine are threw my cheek on one side 😣 😥 
the more i think about being president of a fraternity the sadder i get ... #dumbidea #fratfag 😔 
i'm cold and tired and just wanna get back in bed ): 
no phone ! if you need me tweet me ... you'll be the only people i can talk to for a while #foratleastaweek #fml 
USERNAME yoo ... same luck for me in the dorms .. one time in negative degrees with a towel on .. thats not cool at all :( 
no matter how much i know nothing will go inot relationship ... i still always think of that night </3 
USERNAME the foreign european women are the worst ... they touch me .. :( 
leaving your phone charger somewhere is the worst feeling 😔 #damnit 
all i can hope is that it's not true . 😭 USERNAME 
USERNAME i can try , but i'll prolly be leaving for college early :( 
USERNAME me too . i'm on permanent nights now . :( 
cyber bully is such a sad movie makes me cry each time 😫 💔 
dinner with family . disappointed with food . terrible blue cheese stuff mushroom ... lukewarm food ... bad service :( URL 
r . i . p slim dunkin . thats my niggah . gone but not forgotten :( 
is it just me orr is this bio project confusing as crapp ? 😁 😥 #help 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😞 😞 😞 😞 its my name doe 
you can bandage the damage , but you never really can fix a heart 💔 
aww chef estes :-( she reminds me of kit on a league of a their own USERNAME #nextironchef 
i have missed all the #glee new season eisodes aired so far :( #sadgleek 
USERNAME i hate to say it , but maybe you need to fall back :( 
USERNAME still got about a inch and a half i'd say it was but ass cold today only15 deg but it's supposed to warm up and melt it away :( 
picking classes and figuring out my schedule for next semester 😭 #hell 
USERNAME leaving tomorrow night 😔 my good ol miserable self will be back in homeroom on thursday 
USERNAME USERNAME tfti fuck you fat nat i thought you love me , contemplating suicide now that i know you don't . :'( 
i wish those bright crimson 3's were fire red instead . 😔 i hate that pinkish red color . 
USERNAME i love you more <3 .. but didn't get you anything :( 
USERNAME i know , i hate this essay shitt 😔 
USERNAME we are no longer friends . love , the cleat chaser . -__- 💔 
i wanna play just dance ! too bad i don't feel very good 😔 
USERNAME yess ! ! ! i wish they would have just one more ! ! i'm sad that they are over ! :( 
USERNAME that was the wrong emoji it was supposed i be 😔 not 😒 ** 
USERNAME we can not start this damn game out like this ! ! ! :( 
i like being nice even if they don't want me too :( *shruggs* i guess thats me being a smart ass 
there's a lil boy screaming cause he's gettin a shot & i'm in the next room thinkin shit that's finna be me :( #scairdd #bigbaby ! 
grades are due friday and i have to be passing ... )) ): URL 
USERNAME aw , i hate when then happens . i had to clean up the kitchen and whatnot :( but it's almost 9 here & i'm working on homework . 
we all like people who don't realize how much we like them :( 
i miss my blonde hair so bad i could cry . 😢 
it's taking me forever to lose this weight and i'm working so hard . boo :( 
anytime i start to care about anyone i push them away #fear #hateit #insecurities wish i could build even friendships #nope 😣 
third person today to tell me i've changed . i hate this 😔 URL 
i tend to be weird af if your very cute 😞 lol 
USERNAME lol i really have been listening to them since this morning , im listening to te fuiste de aqui by reik ! aah :( haha 
walking to class in the dark .... not a fan . 😁 😞 
biggest fear no lie is being far away from my mom when its time to leave for college :( 
this weather makes me so sick but i love it :( #bittersweet 
this would come on my pandora .. 😒 😞 #seasonblues URL 
these are the moments i wish i was a celebrity :( #breakingdawn #part2 #premiere #sadtweet 
carson can see my years in the rain ! 😭 
USERNAME uhm . i'm never ever ever too busy for you . :( you're the one that's too busy . i voxed you ! 
holy shit this bed is cold 😭 😭 😭 😭 
listing to sad music again :( but i'm happy kinda 
okay well i guess now ill go to bed 😞 😴 
i wanna have a sleepover with USERNAME is that too much to ask ? i miss my roomie 😔 
USERNAME yeah at least i have tht to look forward to 😞 
USERNAME :( awe ... well i'm not in this . but i just want to say i'm glad your ok . and if you need anything i'm here for you . 
it feels like everyone and their mother is punching me in the stomach 😣 
the more i think about being president of a fraternity the sadder i get #fratfag #ashamed 😔 
ugh . tonight's gonna suck ass . i just wanna do something but everyone's going to rusko , woe is me & the lobo game . 😔 
not feeling my best 😥 😓 😔 😣 😪 😲 
USERNAME yeah i would hate to see him cry like his niece haha 😭 😭 
guess that was my last trip to johnnie food master :( (@ johnnie's foodmaster) URL 
USERNAME good morning ate :* sorry if di kita napapansin a . gang fav ako ngayon . di ko kaya magtype e :( nahihilo pa ako . 
lmfao my nigga just said he smiled at him with her pussy 😭 😭 😭 this movie got me sick yo 
seriously no one has texted me since 5:00 ... :( ((((((( 
USERNAME cool i cant do that here they give out numbers till 11 :( 
i dont want to ride the bus tommorow :-( #someomepickmeup 
USERNAME i know gosh :c leave me alone :c c 
the more i think about being president of a fraternity the sadder i get #dumbidea #fratfag 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i don't like being cheated on </3 :'( 
USERNAME #scabs always tend to be around i recently got one > :( lol 
when you eat all the good trickortreat candy and all you have left is whoppers <<< #sadtweet 
thought USERNAME was gonna be on my bed when i got home #gone #justme :'( 
nervous about tomorrow but i know god will see me through it all :( 
USERNAME smh see im not even watching the game :( 
USERNAME i teared up like three times then bawled at the end ! ! :( #socrazy 
just sneezed and hit my head on my knee . 😣 #pathetic 
i think i might cry ..... the chiefs finally pulled through for me :'( #tearsofjoy 
USERNAME all i have is like 2 vests ... :( hey ive got some news ill text ya 
USERNAME yes yes he is and fuck USERNAME just screenshotted on of my snap chats #fml 
USERNAME has soo emails saying he's unsuspended . i keep sending the #fer form-email-reply saying: & more :( 
i have snap chat , but i don't know how too use it .. ): 
ugh and ill miss first hour again tomorrow 😔 #thestruggleissoreal 
i just shaved :( it got the best of me 
my sancho USERNAME is leaving me ! </3 3 &&we never got drunk , or listened too corridos together ! <<<<< 
people who text or don't listen when i talk to them upset me , especially when what i'm saying is of high important to me . bye bye respect :( 
my body is already sore . USERNAME kicked my ass with weights tonight 😞 💪💦 
i'm soo bored right now .. someone save me :( 😢 
USERNAME thank you very much ! i have the biggest craving for coquito now 😢 
2 accidents near the same spot in one day :( rt USERNAME car crashes on route 222 in manheim township URL 
USERNAME i am lol she just doesn't realize it yet lol </3 
i love football but i miss my penguins 🐧 😔 
i just got bullied by the girls who bullied me in 6th grade .. i feel like dying right now :,( </3 
i just cut the top of my lip with clippers trying to shave my mustache ! #fuckmylife 
USERNAME i've been trying to up my pledge for hours for the stickers and it wont let me :( #smokeysad 
i cant even read my tl because my phone cracked :'( :'( 
sick sick sick . i just wanna cry . i never been this sick , i can't breath , when i cough my head hurts and i just feel like puking 😢 
USERNAME right ? i will never get to enjoy black friday . :( 
i wanna be at cap right now 😫 😢 😭 
i can really tell love dont live here no more :'( 
i wish i had friends to group message with 😞 
USERNAME i know , you know it makes my 💔 lol . 
i hate the person i really really want to talk to responds to text messages stoopid late :'( 
literally no one in my family is answering their phones :( #wtf 
are you trying to test my faith ? :( this day couldn't possibly get worse . oh wait it just did 
does anyone know how to lighten stretch marks ? serious question :( 
so dark out side its . only 6:56pm i should be seeing the sunset not the frecken moon \( v.v )/ 
i wish #oomf would come bring me some ice cream .. :( i could use some right about now . 
just texted steve and said i hoped his first day went well and he said aaw :( 
thought about #oomf all damn day . :( ( i'm too confused 
why don't my eyelashes hold a curl ? 😔 💔 
USERNAME i triedd messaging you back but it won't lett me :( 
i am in shock right now juust sicck i can't believe blake is gone ! ! ! i mean dang i just seen him yesterday smiling like no tomorrow ! ! :( 
it was nice talking to USERNAME now that the xbox is fixed he is done with me :( 
USERNAME lol i no n we dnt hav no mo sad face :( lol 
omg i nver realized how much i missd u and how hard it was not bn able to talk to u til today ! ! ! ! ! :( 
getting bullied at age 19 & in college is just .. 😥 
why i can't we not have school the whole week 😞 
i hate the feeling i get when i realize i just wasted $$. 😞 
USERNAME i want kai kai soon since you didn't bring her the other day 😔 
.... ok this heart monitor is already driving me crazy ! & where the nurse stuck the stickys hurts lol :( oww . 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ) ): how've you been ? ^,^ 
USERNAME you feel it too ? even my kids are worried about something 😣 
i just love penguins so much 😭 😭 😭 🐧 💙 
i really just feel too terrible to get off this couch .. :( 
not to mention i just wanna b home but my home is on the other side of town :( 
talking to one of my dp crew members ... ahh , i miss that place man :( 
i'm so sick , all i want is my baby so we can cuddle :( #ugh #alone #shitty 
USERNAME you shouldn't . just stau home with mee . :( 
some real drama goin on right now between USERNAME USERNAME & USERNAME haha 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME y'all don't live matthew no more ? 😢 
USERNAME my pet fish didnt cause it died on me :( 
USERNAME looks like no more hanging out for us :( 
hopefully my dad believes me when i say i'm going to ariel's and actually lets me go 😔 
USERNAME that describes every night out perfectly . but maybe with a few more 🍺🍺 😊 😟 😭 🚽. 
someone please bring me coffee bc i have to stay up to write this 7 page paper :( . i will be your best friend forever if you do #please 
USERNAME USERNAME he's all talk . says he misses us , but never actually wants to see us :c 
just had my last halloweenie oreo of 2012 #sadtweet #nomnomnom 👻🎃 
USERNAME you never wanted to take the photo with me :c k ... you to cool .~ 
USERNAME idk i'm still confused but just not as young 😔 
do you want nice abs ? yes 😥 😫 😕 
my dvr didn't record #partners 😱 😩 😢 noo ! ! ! ! ! ! 
i'm really tired , too bad mr . bell prevents me from sleeping . 👩🔫 😢 
just ate 7 servings of chocolate covered pretzels . #ranoutoffrozendinnerstotaketowork 😔 
USERNAME charles is an animal . same with foster peterson and colston . the weeks i've lost they've been out . sorry :( ! 
been craving a mcrib from mcdonald's && just finally got one and dont like it . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME yes please on all three ! actually tweeting this shivering in my car ! :( #brr 
i'm cold :( now nipples as hard as lil rocks 
USERNAME wtff get out of my head 😭 😭 😫😫 
i will pay someone to write my essay , like forreal . 😢 
USERNAME i texted her and got the ignore . 😭 
i'm not acting ion even kno how to act lol i juss really cared i didn't wanna hurt him but i did i juss want him to forgive me :'( 
we jusst seen him yesterday smilin i said there's blakee :( 
im going down my tl , but all i see is me && my conversations . #sadday . 
USERNAME obvi lol i'm about to go to shleep homie :( goodnight text me tomorrow in school so i'm not bored and shit 
USERNAME whaat they wouldn't get caught lol but alas ... no back dimples :( 
being this sick sucks :'( . i can't stand w/o wanting to throw up , can't walk either , light-headed 24/7, and my whole body is in pain ,&shaking 
USERNAME i told you to pick ... looks like you made your choice 😔 
it's frightening how quickly the tables can turn ... #suicide #depression #concerned #afraid 
USERNAME i cannot even imagine what she is going through right now with the babies . ) ): 
USERNAME aww :( get better and i probably won't be there 😔 
fuck you to the eagles for not lettin me enjoy this nfl season 3-6 😔 
USERNAME i know :( wish i could be there ! #wommasummit 
dreading the fact i have to get a shot on my ass tomorrow 😭 
USERNAME lol have you listened to that one ? omg i know :( dm ! 
i miss my life last year ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
spending a little time with my mother before she leaves to sf tomorrow for a couple of days :( ( 
when your bestfriend lies to you .. << 😔 #fuckfakebitches 
one page down nine more to go .... 😑 #fml 
today has been a shit day , i can't wait for it to be over ! ! ! :'( 
seriously wish i had the money for black ops 2 :( 
why do my legs hurt so bad ? ! ? ! 😣 
ok fuck this , my life really just went down hill ... :( i need help ! ! 
where is baman i want to come ova da house :( USERNAME 
i'm just in total shock over blakes death :( ((( 
last semester i had so much life in me . i was surrounded by friends and got to go out and have fun . that life has been sucked out me ... :( 
USERNAME would be the one to say that 😒 😔 
i realized that i have a hard time opening up to people 😔 😐 
got a little teary eyed writing my mom's birthday card . i can't believe i have only two more years with her , until i move off to college . :( 
wish i could go to day glow miami this year 😭 
taking in the fact that i'm not a parkdalian anymore :( 
just finished watching rain man with my girlfriend USERNAME . great movie 👏 😭 
USERNAME you have to let her fall but be there to catch her when she needs it . bae give it a try .... for me :( pllease ! 
USERNAME haha glad you get so much joy out of it ! ! 😣 
USERNAME hahaha ! ! yes , i should ! i don't think she would fall for it though . :( 
i just wanna see USERNAME play on the 30th but it's 18+ :( #underageprobs 
USERNAME text me ! my texts don't go through to u :( and idk why 
USERNAME just posted on my facebook tl that USERNAME just killed it on #thevoice and i missed it #sosad must learn to #dvr #fml 
USERNAME woww . #thatwaslow . and i'm the mean one ? ! ? :( 
i wanna move back to indiana . life's better there #oldmemorieslost 💔 
i was so smacked i cried when skyla threw a cookie aht meh :'( i was literally crying ! 
i can't believe blake from wakg and 103.7 passed away today . :( 
i want to watch gossip girl but i need to study 😔 ugh making such smart decisions lately 
isn't the point of living inside a house so it can be warmer then what it is outside ? 😔 😁 
USERNAME bud light tall boys miss uss so much 💔 can't wait to come homee to yeww ! ! ! 😁 
are you fucking kidding me ? ! ? ! ? ! no ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! bye jr :'( 
why do i feel like everyone i know is at the steelers game except me :( 
i have been so mean lately .. need to check that 😔 😬 
hope my best frann gets better real soon ! USERNAME miss you already ! :( 
USERNAME 😳 better get better by the time we have to go to the concerts ! ! ! ! 😣 👍👯 🎶🎤🎹🎸🎵 
USERNAME :( oh noo ! we will let you know when we are going still just incase ! 
USERNAME cause of a nigga ... :( least i mit it right ? bt it ain't ever too late .. but i #understand 
USERNAME i can't message you unless you're following me :( 
i'm so nervous for my surgery tomorrow . 😔 😩 
USERNAME yup and that's if i stay awake :( lol 
USERNAME USERNAME 😢 but it was a special pony from me now yur jus plain mean 💔 
when u find out dey did it kills u in the inside <<<<<<<<<<<< :'( 
yeah my parents don't understand that concept ! 😳 😁 😔 freezing in here ! 
praying ! knowing better days are coming for me and my family ! i love you grandma ! 🙏 ❤ 💗 😢 
i want to learn how to cook like my mom :( 
do you wanna know what i hate ? the way i smell after working at the pizza shop . 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME or just notice that we exist :( 
about to do my nails and then be disappointed with the outcome . 😔 
can't decide on a winter formal dress :( #delima #needhelp 
how do you prevent yourself from doing something that you really want even though you know you'll get screwed over in the end 😢 
خلاص ما استحمل جمال آدم مو طبيعيي 😭 ❤ USERNAME #thevoice 
almost done unpacking so tired ! ! ! ! the rest can wait till tomorrow ! 😣 😴😩 
i won't have a single snow delay this year . :'( #sadtweet 
tonight , is just not my night . 😞 😥 
USERNAME french bread pizzas and harry potter movies . #loserstatus ): 
USERNAME i'm a really slow reader . i hate it but books put me to sleep . grr 😳 😥 💩 
my while weekend is screwed up ! #upset 😢 😪 
well for one i'm bored lonely sad behind on my work & my phone never rings 😞 
USERNAME yore just mad cuz it took u4yrs to get USERNAME to follow u wen he followed me right away so u wnna bring me down wit u :( 
USERNAME i wanna meet her so badly i used to always write USERNAME when was little to help me meet USERNAME but she never wrote me back :( 
USERNAME good shit👍 i miss you when you were on our buss 😞 
USERNAME do you think USERNAME will ever follow or tweet us back 😔 
i think i am ready for a relationship ... oh well ... 😔 
putting up that video of USERNAME masta blasta on my fb from webster makes me sad i won't get to see this dude any time soon 😔 
USERNAME yea i saw that pic then i went in his twitter and went to the date it said it was posted and i didn't see it :( 
USERNAME i told miah bout us gettn tats n he said that's stupid :( 
USERNAME i am :( we are having a family dinner tonight and i wish you were here #missingyou 
USERNAME i'll be home :( :( :( but can you come back to boston early and hangout with me ? thanks . 
USERNAME words cannot explain how much i miss you :( 
find the stranded snowboarders ! ! ! ! please ): 
mom's friends are coming over soon . i have to put on pants ............. 💔 
USERNAME i'm sorry babess :( i love you , and good , she deserves that and a whole lot more 
USERNAME i got a ticket to jay leno and couldn't make it because i landed too late . literally crying . i could have seen lea :'( 
today was monday but it felt like sunday to me ! ! ! ! .... so im suffering for late school week start ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :-( (( ... noo lot to do not done yet 
#dumbitdownforliberals :c ompanies don't pay taxes , peeps do . tax on business increases burden on consumer and hurts wage earner . smartenup 
need to go tanning ! ! ! been over a month 😢 
USERNAME yeah on average probably around 3 ft i'd say one year we got 127 in that was insane , then it flooded in the spring :( 
USERNAME yikes ... i think i got cut out of the pix ... :( 
my bae 45 minutes away and her mom won't let me see her smh #depressed 
haven't talked to USERNAME since summer .. #imissyou #comebackintomylife #please ! 😔 😖 
i'm scared to go to sleep cause i know my baby gone call in if i miss that call 🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫 😡 😣 
USERNAME you arnt the only one ... USERNAME & i are both right there with you 💔 #depressedfoxes 
i rarely break out and when i do it's the worst 😔 😩 #hatethis #cleanskinfreak 
they just told students they could buy football tickets with bball tickets and everyone laughed . i feel bad 😔 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( i was going to but i couldn't get a ride there ! 
USERNAME yea it has but damn when i pump gas i'm like there's goes 40-50 bucks ☹ lol ... where u stay at ? sl ? 
mad cause USERNAME wont send me a picture of his stomach :( 
USERNAME im sorry :( brandon and i are working on ours now 
USERNAME i think im gonna wai t.t il like 1220 let that . first rush of people go .... 
USERNAME lol i want it but ill have it a week after . :( 
USERNAME hasn't texted me back all day . thanks </3 
USERNAME noo :c but i got his number (; lmao cx 
USERNAME me too :( come back into my life biff 
USERNAME wah my phone died so i couldn't message you back so idk :( 
when your friends look better in your clothes than you do 😔 USERNAME @ pazzo gelato URL 
USERNAME it's not stupid tho 😔 i love him 😘 
quality later with my booboo raffie too bad amycheeks ain't here to join :'( 
lol i was about to say that , jk not even close :( 
what do u do to feel better after your heart has been completely #teamtyga help 😢 
USERNAME i heard about you all with USERNAME where was my invite ): 
omfg . :( my parents won't let me buy any more 1d merch :( (( actually , just my dad :( ((((((( oh dear lord , help me . 
these creepers at kohls are scaring the fuck out of me :( 
USERNAME i didn't even get to say goodbye 😔 😢 miss you already come back 
gotta find a bus buddy by monday or else im f*cked ! :( #cheerleaderproblems 
i really don't want to go to bed . can't take another one of those dreams . # :'( 
USERNAME let me know what happens . i hope you don't have to have surgery again 😔 
omg i can not handle this wishy washy crap 😡 😒 😤 😣 #annoyed 
wish i could watch teen mom :( stupid work ! 
gotta admit . USERNAME truck smelled better than my car . 😔 
with the amount of caesar dressing i put in my salad , it is no longer healthy 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME i knoww ! i'm in all the dumb classes this year . 😔 
just need a spark of motivation to study for the two biggest tests of the quarter 😥 💥 
i guess i have to settle for a hug right now 😒 😔 😞 
i'm so bored and i don't have friends to text :( 
<------ it was no golden ticket in my chocolate today 😿 
USERNAME yeah :( i cried my eyes out too lol i get too into it 
no one is in the mood for lauren tonight 😒 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i live in the us .. so no :( 
i have a game friday , & it's the playoffs :( (( 
when your hand swell and cramp up< ✊💀👎 😡 😞 #carpaltunnelprobs #fml #justmyluck #fuckproductionwork #painful 
my phone is still reading the weather as if its still in cali 😥 
i wish my hair was darker 😔 not really diggin this color right now ... 
USERNAME noo i wanna cry 😢 lala needs her cookies .. better still be open at blvd ! 
saying goodbye to one of my best friends :( <<< 
obviously at twos ..... if we only knew it would be one of our last days ... 💔 @ two amigos URL 
you guys left mee soo imma be in dm's when u asnwerr ahahh USERNAME USERNAME :( d 
USERNAME i want you to have a cellphone so badd .. i need to bitch about many things and i have no one to tell it too 😩 😭 
USERNAME yes even though i don't like the answer :( 
leaving my hoodie<<<<< what was i thinking ! ! ! 😣 
USERNAME math 0481 beginners math :( monday wednesday & friday 8am-925am 
if texas doesn't win against tcu when we go to the game ... i might 😭 . 
more disturbed by this than the juicing . “USERNAME your first look at mark mcgwire in dodger blue (via jon soohoo ): URL 
i'm tired of fighting for love . but i don't wanna give up . #heartandheadatwar 💔 
i miss my husband :( cant wait until he gets in from clinical ! ! 
my nose hurts from blowing it so much :( #fml 
so i'm just laying here hoping someone cooks :( lol 
r . i . p . to all yall i swear to god yall missed buddy uncle desmond and t.t 
yupp that's me 💔 💔 😕 😕 @ oakwood university URL 
i hate cigarettes . ick ! walked into wrong place that allowed smoking for only 10 minutes and now not smelling so fresh ... :( 
USERNAME it would be really nice if you would text me back ... </3 
USERNAME #weredone . #yourmean . and i'm not a liarr ! ! ! :( 
feeling an overload of emotions right now #nobodysperfect 😡 😩 😞 😤 
i wanna show you how much i hate being apart . 💔 
where had USERNAME been ! ! ? he hasn't shown up on my tl in a while #sadtweet 
USERNAME right :( im pissed . its gonna be boring now 
ha ! is this a joke ? ! USERNAME it's official (kind of ): lionel messi is better than pele | URL 
i need to get a girlfriend 😔 i hate being lonely 
USERNAME USERNAME whatt :( can you guys come home for xmas then i miss you 
aggravated right now & depressed going to bed :( #missmystinkybutt 
fuck this ! if i don't feel better by tmrw i'm taking my ass to the hospital ! i've suffered enough 😞 😣 
USERNAME no sé :c , no sé porque si esta toda horrenda :c . 
my bed without USERNAME <<< on your side of the bed ... yo side , yo side , yo side yo side it's lonely ... on yo side of the bed ... 😢 💔 
my refrigerator looks just like how it did when i was a kid . nothing but tortillas , champagne , tequila , water and bbq sauce 😣 😞 
bradley scott arnold is the best fiancé ever ! ! he is so sweet i love his forehead kisses . ill miss those when he is gone :( 
i'm 1 of those people who doesn't think about going too college #horrible :( 
i was having a great day , going on a little shopping spree and then you had to call ... 😭 
where , oh where is my shammy USERNAME 😳 😟 😔 
one thing about waiting in line is a gotta pee 😣 
USERNAME i don't have time to read both tonight . :( i have to be up early . 
you know you have no life when an 11 year old is in a relationship and your not #nolife #depressed 
i look so ugly with makeup ... that doesn't even make sense but its true 😔 
but my head legit hurts to touch 😫 😥 😡 
a lil bit of 🚬💊a lil ❄ and 🍹will make me not think so imma take her word and i'm out of here 😏 😔 😔 
daammnn . i forgot my tip money at workk & idek how much i made . #fml 
#selma 's not replying to me , she's probably getting a speech from her parents .. 😔 😞 😖 
nobody understands how much #oomf means to me , he's irreplaceable .. 💔 
USERNAME we have to go next monday and tuesday . so we have 6 days ... :( 
fun weeken d: now over . :( (@ ronald reagan washington national airport (dca) w/ 73 others) URL 
paid $3 for those face tattoos at the game and then have an allergic reaction to them :( 
USERNAME well i'm currently driving home from cali ! ! ! 😭 
this weekend i can tell is about to be boring af… #fml 
man . i hate how dark it is outside ): 
why the fuck are we doing 90 with a trailer on the back :( 
when a heart breaks no it don't break even 💔 
not yet "USERNAME plus one blue badge ? no ? ok :( rt USERNAME sa'vone letting yall know the business when you see a red badge ! ! 
i don't think i'll ever be good enough for anyone , and that really scares me 😔 
the fact that i apologize for venting my feelings is a problem 😔 #ishouldnthaveto 
thank u frank ocean for pulling me deeper into my feeling 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME worst day of my life . i will never forgive myself for this :( 
USERNAME i miss you and <3 you too omg)) ): 
r . i . p mw3 ... you will be missed :-( 
:'( breaking down , holy . i hate it but i don't control it 
USERNAME | no way ! 😶 😯 😧 😦 since when ! ! ! ! ! i'm #sad now i had no idea and what channel ? 😱 
USERNAME noo , i wanted to goo :( has ryersons ? 
tatii don't think i got time for her 😢 😭 😭 😢 , my time is your time ❤ 
USERNAME goo d: ) & girl i know i'll miss you soccer won't be the same without you and emma :( (( 
my poor lil right ear is so naked now , it only has one piercing 👂 😔 
i wanna catch up on #glee but i've got an exam to study for :( 
USERNAME heck idk .. being realistic about who we hav a shot a t.t hen dykes and bring neal brown as oc to groom him to replace dykes . 
USERNAME i have a one point lead right now against charles and the pitt d , i'm undefeated so far :( 
USERNAME likes my stuff all the time but never talks to me :c c #whytho 
USERNAME lol , i wish i had yall rule . yall get to go outside on school days :( 
gongchan looks fine too . the only problem is cnu's hair and make up :( 
USERNAME that is crazy ! thankfully , i've somewhat grown out of yet ! #thankshangovers ... but if a virus comes along <<<< 😭 
ofcourse my hair is pretty when i don't have school #fuckmylife URL 
can it be thursday already so i can throwback to wrightwood USERNAME #letsgoback #tonight #ineedmoresleep #qualitymovies lol 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i made a 70 ... because of the suit . 😑 😔 
night two . let the depression begin 😭 why did i leave california 💔 💔 💔 URL 
USERNAME awhh :( and alright . lol listening to the boys 
alright ... the lights can turn on now ... kinda scared here 😣 
USERNAME im not a liarr ! :( you are seriously soo mean to me . :( 
my girlfriend doesn't wanna cook for me either . :( 
i hate being a girl , i'm so bloated 😭 
ima need USERNAME to stop posting stuff for the slow dance . so sad that i live in pa :( 
USERNAME i chose not to be about that life .. 😔 
good thing i'm going to bomb this history midterm tomorrow 😭 
can't sit at the game w/ my best friend USERNAME #sadtweet 
so if the chain is on your door , i understand 😔 
“USERNAME only vince mcmahon man ... only vince f'n mcmahon . unreal ..... #wwe #raw URL - that was cheap . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i should have known that ! shelby i miss you soo much :( 
the fact that its 8 o'clock and i'm already in bed . fuck morning shift . #workinggirlprobs #swingshiftsucks #fml 
so done with everybody . this shit starting to get to me :( ((( 
i miss lucky ! ! ! 😩😩😩 😭 😭 😭 😭 
don't understand why it has to be like this 😢 
USERNAME no :( hahaha i was going to do the same ! 
hi USERNAME i want a waitress .. i'm hungry :( 
that hurt so bad and the worst part is i have to act like i don't care .. 😔 
USERNAME amazing ! i don't want to go to school 😥 yours ? 
the amount of projects and major grades that are being assigned to me over break<<< #whylassiter 😭 
USERNAME ohh myy goshh ! me too ! michael told me we wont be hanging out this week or weekend :( we can be sad together ! 
i feel a fever coming .. i have a horrible headache ... a tummy ache ... and lots of homework ... no bueno 😥 😷 
idk if im making the right decision by talking too you </3 
i'm going to fail this test in ap world tomorrow 😕 😔 
... i have vacation in two weeks :'( USERNAME boys gonna be like damn are you holdin a calzone or just a roll of fat #damnbabywassup 
i want to watch catfish , but i don't know if i can stay up that long . 😞 😴 
i knew this day was gonna be a bad one 👎 😡 😢 i just wanna cry now . 
have yet to talk to USERNAME about my important intel 😔 
USERNAME i know i realize that after i tweeted it ): 
USERNAME sad face ! :( (( i miss you in general ! 
:( im hungry af . even though i just ate 
i hate eating when i'm starving ! i eat too fast and then i feel stuffed ! 😣 
USERNAME woah ! jesse follows you ? ! ? that's pretty dang snazzy ! i wish he followed me .. :( i think it's safe to say we're both awesome ! 
USERNAME 😔 i hope the trip goes good and i wish you guys the best of luck ! 
how come there's free popcorn but not free candy ? 😦 USERNAME 
i use to have a bestfriend named USERNAME but i keep breaking my damn car and she doesn't have one so i never see her anymore 😢 😭 
USERNAME issabella ! !^^ longest time oh .... i miss you ;;) :( 
i like you , you don't like me blah blah blah 😔 
don't think i'm going to make it to see teen mom 2 😔 👎 
when one calc problem takes up an entire page 😞 🔫 
enrollment is so not as easy as last semester 😥 why are these classes full ? ! 
USERNAME homegirl i been following you for a while now ! 😔 
it's only 9 o'clock and i'm ready to go to sleep ! 😴 oh wait i don't get off til 1130 ! #fml 👀 
USERNAME you're making me miss my dog .. :( USERNAME dog always makes me wanna cry ... 
not seeing USERNAME for two days ! <<< 😱 😰 😩 💔 👎👎 
so glad my orthodontict just decided to tell me i only have to wear my bands 8 hours instead of 22 .. #fml 
USERNAME i've never watched that before ! but i have too many fav shows i can't put them in order haha 😔 
i should probably go to sleep soon 😞 gotta get up earlyy 
really in a cuddling , movie mood ;/ bleh #sadtweet 
i actually miss soccer . never thought i'd say it .. 💔 😥 ⚽ 
i miss oomf like alot right now , we havent talked in hellas :( 
ugh i needs me a pain killer asap 😰 😭 😢 
just found out a chapter i need to read for physiology is about 80 pages #isitbreakyet #fml 
my attention span does not last this long 😭 😭 
wrist hurt like hxll ! ! im outtie .. 😢 🎶🎧✌ 
im kinda upset . USERNAME never texts me anymore :( ( 
this history paper is about to make me cry . i can't do six pages :( 
hej sudbino što si takva za mene ni prstom makla drugima si sreće dala meni tugu sačuvala 💔 
USERNAME oh no ! what's wrong lady ? ! ? 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME it's my life's story ! ! ! 😔 black out ! 😵 
USERNAME :( i'm sorry fav ! ! how are you ? 
destini is so slow , i can't deal . 😔 
like today . when you said you were proud . that meant a lot 😔 
im missing everyone from p . c . florida :c 
so sad to see all the seniors go #wontbethesame ): </3 
sad to think we will all be going our different ways next year :'( 
i have so many nice clothes and heels that i never wear because i rarely go out anywhere that nice 😒 😔 
i just remembered i won't be playing softball with USERNAME this year ! ! #noo #charlie 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i left my pop i . ur dads car i . da back seat . :( 
a penalty for cursing ? ? ! ! this is professionally football , ge t.t he . fuck . out #bullshit 
ball bitchh that's what she said :( ) lmao hilarious 
i'm sorry 😭 rt USERNAME when USERNAME tells me she can't think of me not being close to her<<< 😔 gonna cry like a baby 
music and weed are the only things that clear my head 🎶 😔 💨 
really wish i had some sweet tarts right now ): 🍬🍭 
i remember when my mom use to buy me things 😢 those days are over . 
USERNAME yeah she's great now , she passed her sickness to me 😞 😩 
i want a new piercing but idk what i want :( 
USERNAME he said i had to leave them out :( i'm still trying to make him see that its my body , you know ? he's just very strict . 
i really want to get to 20k tweets by the end of the year but i still got a lot of tweeting to go #sadtweet 
just like you always do .. :( pushing me around and shit 
omg :( last 4 problems for accounting ! hopefully i can start math at 10 :( ( 
USERNAME well now i am :( way to taunt me 
when i was a kid , my parents never bought me a wonderball :( 
USERNAME USERNAME inxs hasn't existed for me since michael hutchence died :-( 
studying for tests sucks ! ! 😩 😞 @ unl engineering library URL 
movies , benadryl , nyquil , airborne ... where's my babe whahh 😭 #fml #babeneedstohurry #imdying 😴 
guess i won't be talking to anyone on the phone 😔 
USERNAME how is beautiful doing ? i miss her so much :( will always by my favorite mama 
USERNAME wished i could have saw you tonight ! ! ! but doctor orders that i had to leave early . :( 
USERNAME i miss you too ! omg i haven't seen you in so long ! :( 
USERNAME don't disappear b/c then i won't be able to see u 😥 
USERNAME pretty pissed that i just saw emily , meeko , and jasmine at the mall hanging out ... without me 😔 USERNAME that sucks 
USERNAME USERNAME daddy put both of ours up on craigslist today 😔 
so many people are on twitter right now that i can't even keep up 😔 
#confessionnight no matter how much i say i don't give a fuck .... i really do 😔 ” 
USERNAME :( what relationship are you in ? ours ? 
i hope my grandad gets better cause he hasnt been the same since that storke :'( 
USERNAME haha awh ! 😔 hmm get on the good ole computer ! 😊 
that's awkward moment when you post the same tweet as the person you like and you didn't even see they tweeted it like 2 mins before you .. 😔 👎 
rafa sending me pictures of food making me even more hungry 😢 
wut ? ): bb you wont loose me cuz im fab 
“USERNAME your first look at mark mcgwire in dodger blue (via jon soohoo ): URL watch out ! ! #bleedblue 
going on 3 weeks not talking ... and it's breaking my heart :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME waahh ..... i wanted a shirt :( are you guys doing anymore contests like this ? 
USERNAME woahh deree .__. im not about that life :'( you should know this homie g :x #jk iphones suck >:o its about that andriodb] 
USERNAME nope my lock button 😢 on my second iphone and both of them have done the same thing ! 
USERNAME aw :'( well boo , don't listen to them , they're just haters , and as for your family problems , trust me everything will work- 
i got nothing done thats due tomorrow ... all nighter it is ! #fml 
USERNAME we are no longer biology buddies anymore :( ima cry ! 
USERNAME i died mine dark like two months ago and i just got it redone and its got a slight red tint and its lighter than before 😔 
dalai lama said that china is more interested in criticizing him than reason behind tibetan self-immolations :{ japan URL 
i just fell off the top bunk and landed on a table thanks to USERNAME and USERNAME 😭 
USERNAME sorry for giving you a tapper the other day :( it was pretty shitty 
#tweetadateyoucantforget october 10th , 2010 gone but never forgotten 💔 i love you mommy 💜 
cant wait until im able to change my hours ... i miss my baby soo much working evening/night shift :-( 
i had a nice day , and then nightfall came and my day went downhill from there :( 
i miss charter cause all we ever did was watch movies . i hate doing actual learning and homework for my classes . 😔 
reading old messages and realizing how much u miss that person :'( 
USERNAME that's a horrible thing to say . you're no better if you hate on an entire group of people . :( 
sept 15th 2012 is / will always be the worst day of my life </3 
USERNAME what happened ? :( um i didn't make the team .. i don't get why though . i was doing so good dude , all the girls were mad 
when people put everyone before you , and you do so much for them . #breaksmyheart 💔 
you know , its scary to think that you might not to be able to do any of the things you love again :( #needahug 
USERNAME this was about something else ... but i agree . we learned that hard way with that too . :( 
everything good dies here , even the stars . 💔 
USERNAME i miss you bunches 😥 when are you coming home again ? 
USERNAME these bitches lied to me telling me you were in the car coming :( ;( 
USERNAME u are not sorry ! lol . but i know the promo must go on ... :( 
i really like somebody that's in love with they ex :( 
i wish i had a friend that talked straight up mexican 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME it's all his fault ! i'm not important anymore :( 
i've always wanted flowers or something cute by surprise but i never got it after three years 😭 😔 😩 
wish this headache would go away so i could sleep ! ! 😰 😱 😫 😭 #help 
USERNAME USERNAME who me or evan ? ? has to be tuesday cuz i bartend the restbof the week . :( 
USERNAME tht shit wasn't funny lik i'm really hurting right now 😢 lik fr 
i am a blob right now smh i need to get it together 😞 
ashamed to say that i actually enjoy ke$ha’s song , 😔 
r . i . p steve starr one of the funniest & down to earth photographers i know . 😔 
kristin just broke my heart 💔 😭 time for someone new ...... 
why am i even worried about it though ? im still confused 😔 
damn i miss her so much and i just left her :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME were lonely over here now that none of you guys are here ! 😣 
"USERNAME i miss my old wrestling buds ! :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
my brother is seriously the biggest dq , i'm gonna punch him in the face . cry me a river 😭 ✋ 
sometimes i hate being short cuz my work pants are too long and the bottoms of them get so dirty :( #thestruggle 
i wish i had cookies n cream ice cream .. :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss you both :( let's hangout this week ! ! i'm excited for friday fattys birthday ha shits going down hahah ! 
shucks i didn't have class today .. i love my cinema class </3 
okay i admit i am #emotionallydamaged and #afraidofcommitment 😔 😖 💔 
stupid moon ! ! how am i supposed to observe you for ten days if you're neve out ? ? ! ! ? ? ! ? ! > :( #astronomyproblems 
i just dropped my phone on my face ! 😣 
USERNAME noo ! ! ! roepke said we needed to know it ! he's evil 😢 😪 😥 😓 😭 😭 😭 
im not mean im the nicest monkey of all the monkeys :c 
i remember when we used to alwaus text ! </3 ... 
sometimes i wish i still lived in laplace bc of my old friends . 😔 
yuup ! i was gonna go but i gotta write a damn paper ): 
excuse me while i go cuddle in bed and cry now 😭 😖 👎 💔 
“USERNAME lets get in a relationship on facebook , tweet @ each other and post ig pics of each other .. that'll make it real .. 😔 😖 
USERNAME my dog was the prettiest dog ever .. 😢 she had two different colored eyes . and she pulled me in the snow ... wehh . 
gunna wait 2hrs on line with the boys & daya for call off duty 😔 😩 😳 
where is my boo USERNAME she da only one who takes care of me ... wish she wasnt so far away :( 
i swear there's not enough hours in the day ! 😔 
even though we don't talk anymore it's still hard walking past you trying not to say one word 😔 miss when we were close 
haha . there scary in every sport every year according to>>>>>>; ): );) 
it's a sad day when i scratched the back of my iphone ! 😢 💩 
USERNAME this time i remembered :( it was just a sick joke 
USERNAME im sorry :( me too , well and the whole softball thing . but yeah i just don't get it 
USERNAME oh . what's wrong with me , why aren't you stalking me ? :( 
USERNAME your westfield location was out of soo many things :( the employees were nice about helping me look 
the lucky penny i found today didn't work too well 😢 😔 maybe tomorrow will be better . #wishfulthinking 
USERNAME im debating whether or not to go :( i have an ear throat and nasal infection and have a fever right now #happybirthdaytome ... 
every time i start thinkin about my pet fish i get so sad 😔 
... i guess u rite 😢 , i'm jus fustrated ! 
USERNAME i just called daddy and he said the same thing ! i'm sad now ... 😥 
USERNAME i know :( good luck my head hurts while reading it , its too much too handle ;/ 
i think it's time to leave my hair alone now , no more extensions :( 
USERNAME i wanna mingle with you but i'm stuck on my ass 😭 😭 
😔 poorq siempre soy yo la de ,, laa mala suerte ,🎼 
USERNAME don't even act like you like me ... you lived down the street from me and never came over ! even when i begged you 😔 
i hate b-ball during the running ... but i know that i love playing 🏀 😥 😰 
USERNAME i totally missed your stickam session by like 10 minutes . ): will you be on again anytime soon ? 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME whatt ? ? you did not say a a thing ! ! c'om ! ! :( happy bday carmen ! ! 
USERNAME i did tho :( but i doubt it'll be different from the iphone5 
i'm so dedicated to my studies for sitting through this 2 hour lecture about philosophy that i don't even have to be at #extracredit #fml 
it's sad when someone knows their gay , but can't come out cause their parents wouldn't accept it 😞 
"USERNAME it's me :c URL USERNAME so true ! wish it was coming out sooner ! 
USERNAME omg you must be dying without kitty harley ! ahh widdle angel ! haha & yeah i miss my dad like crazy :( it sucks asshole ! 
USERNAME haha that sucks :( can you still get your game ? ? 
seeing her isnt what i thought it was gonna be :( maybe its time to move on 
#in6thgrade i looked like a dike . oh wait , still do . 😔 
USERNAME true but bin a 700 + week off :( 
wish i had something like i had a dean to help me focus on school right now #needtofocus 😔 
USERNAME i think scarlett likes you better than me .. 😔 🚗 
USERNAME dank you .. bitch who never returns phone calls :( 
USERNAME i lived in far rock when i was a wee lil lad . my old work partner lost his house in breezy :( 
USERNAME if only we could go back 😒 😫 😢 
USERNAME i remember you have this poster and it made me sad :( love/miss you kat <3 URL 
de vuelta a la rutina :( quiero vacaciones ! ! ! !" 
the fact that i think about you 24/7 no matter who is around or what im doin ! # </3 
USERNAME ughh but it's a giant cupcake ! ! it looks so grey :( 
USERNAME i couldn't agree more ! ! i wish they still lived upstairs from me too ! :( 
mother fuckers went to smoke and left me alone 😔 
USERNAME also i might not go to the game tomorrow :( #collegeessays #liferuiner 
USERNAME i just tried and said it wasnt you ): 
the only people that text me have the wrong number 😔 
i still wish #oomf would text me just so we can talk because i really need to talk to him . </3 
niall's solo in truly , madly , deeply is amazing . why does 1d do this to me :'( 
USERNAME i'm sorry my little p ! ! it's cus i tagged them through instagram and you don't have one ... i should've mentioned u anyway 😔 sorry ! ! 
i miss my moms hot chocolate in this weather :( 
USERNAME aw man , but it looks so great :( 
s/o to USERNAME for being so damn hood . wish i could be like you :( 
USERNAME awh :c made me cry alittle it speaks to me 
dude tomorrow USERNAME find out if we got accepted into raddy ... #nervous 😥 
USERNAME tope , please just give me your time </3 
does everyone have this feeling .. :( the wondering if you've made the right decision or not .. 😣 
USERNAME were not like the others on the next cloud .. figuratively speaking .. sigh 😔 
when i sneeze i think its cute but other people laughs at it #sadtweet :c haha 
USERNAME USERNAME hey ! that's not nice ! ! ): 
jus got accused of stealing money from my mom i mayb a lot of thing but i am no fucking theif ! ! ! ! 😥 😥 😥 😥 😓 😓 😓 😨 😨 😨 😢 😢 😢 😢 
swear that's about selena mann :( dreams are gone haha 
just when i thought things were getting a little better ! ! ! ! #fuckmylife 
lol you witnessed too 😥 we don't have enough swag lol 
USERNAME hahaha true . matching ions are done :( stupid people in knox ruining ish again ! 😤 
USERNAME i wish yoy were too cus im prolly not gonna do shit ): but yeah i plan on it still 
young life was on point tonight ... to bad i got locked in a closet by USERNAME :'( 
on break at work . gotta stay up and study a lil when i get off . got practice in the am . i'm gonna be so tired . :( 
USERNAME it said you just followed me .. i thought you were following me . :( 
USERNAME what did you guys do without me again ! 😔 
i got up to finally do my hw and i realized i left my laptop and bag in the trunk of my car that my mom took to work #fml #ohwell 
wahh the weather is suppose to drop 20 degrees tonight 😭 bye bye warm weather 💔 ✌👋 
wish i could be excited for break like everyone else too bad ill be unconscious 😞 
USERNAME yea . my slaves aren't fine building it though . :( 
why is the weekend so quick :( i'm ready for thanksgiving #ok 
i miss you alreadyy babyy :( i just landed -__- USERNAME 
USERNAME ur welcome ! u never even dm'ed me ur number ! 😞 
miss my bestie USERNAME 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 
bed time but not tired 😢 @ fort pierce , fl URL 
trying to skype USERNAME but the internet is shit :( #ohaprobs 
USERNAME where are you ? come home .. can't lose you </3 
i haven't texted just jaime in like a week . 😥 💔 
USERNAME ill stop then ! god making me feel bad and shit . 😔 
USERNAME my phonee broke today ): dm me orr something ! 
USERNAME happy 29months nhey ! stay strong po . iloveyou too so much ! imissyou more :( :( ingat ka lagi nhey ha ? :* 
the fact USERNAME has my hoodie still from forever ago <<< :( 
USERNAME no , i am not depressed ! lol :c 
that tanaka kid don't care fo' me no'mo .' :( </3 
USERNAME awhh i miss you too ! :'( you haven't bashed that girls head in yet have you ? lmao 
USERNAME i have a feeling plus he wasn't online when i sent it which is good but i think he's done with for good :( 
USERNAME noo ))) ): im going to get a really embarrassing picture of you ! .. 
USERNAME you cant even spell out the word for me #feelingshurt ): 
put in my two weeks , it was kinda sad :( 
i think it's official :( just gotta keep moving on w/ life 
do i feel an all-nighter coming on ... yes yes i do 😣 😣 😣 😣 
my moms making me stay on crutches for this week . 😔 
so sick and about to stay up half the night to study #nofun 😔 
rt USERNAME 😰 😢 💔 rt USERNAME it went from butterflies fluttering in my stomach to bees stinging in my heart . 
wish i could suck it up but i don't know how 😢 
that bonnie & clyde friendship where we ride together 🚲, cry together 😭 , fight together 👊💢 😡 , die together 💀 ❤ 💀 >>>>>>>> USERNAME 
USERNAME aww boo , i miss you too you don't even know 😞 😞 
i wish my life proof case would hurry and come in , so i can continue this convo in my shower while listening to pandora ! ✌ 😔 #seeyouinamin 
USERNAME miss you more ! ! :( thanksgiving break cannot come soon enough ! 
i hate missing the steeler game :( #latenightdanceclasses #danceproblems #steelergirl USERNAME 
USERNAME i didn't see it :( no i don't have one sorry ! 
i hate it when i can't find the cupcake pan when i'm trying to make pumpkin cupcakes :( #bakingprobs 
USERNAME lol yeah . i go for it all .. i just eat it in parts lol . i want more wings now :( 
USERNAME i retweet this everyone and never get a follow :( can i get one now ? 
i get mad when my dad acts like my moms a fatty . ): < she's not fat . 
i'm hallucinating from lack of sleep and i'm stuck at tj max with no ride home cuz morgan takes forevz in the dressing room #fml 
my momma didn't want to talk to me today 😔 she said she was going to call me back & never freaking called back ! 
just called USERNAME ... but i got the voicemail 💔 😩 😵 😧 😔 😭 😱 😨 😰 😥 😪 
i should've never turned down that softball scholarship 2 years ago .. #smh #dumbass #missitsomuch 😭 
USERNAME hell yea , i got it till thursday ! :( 
USERNAME haha i know ! i kinda wanna cry now . 😢 
what am i gonna do ? ? tear ! :( 
USERNAME i love you ! ! :( i'm here no matter what if you need me kerrbear 
its been like 2 weeks without you , maybe it seriously is over 😭 😭 😭 😭 
so so disappointed 😩 i refused to take u . s . history regular ... 😥 
USERNAME aw man :( that's no fun ! i just want a really giant cupcake . that's not too much to ask for ! 
USERNAME oh by the way i didn't find those videos :( my mom said they are vcr anyways 
USERNAME i retweet this every time and never get a follow :( can i get one please ? 
fuck justin/kidd on one side , ptp on the other ... who do i go for ? ? :( #raw 
USERNAME it will dan is the sweetest thing omg it's what they both need and i need but #singleforever 😭 
USERNAME they're a really really hard breed to work with . definitely wouldn't suggest them to someone whose never been around them :( 
after watching ten episodes of pretty little liars today my life seems like a giant episode of it all 😧 
im trying really hard to clean my room ... but twitter/youtube/cellular device/tumblr are really good distractions :( 
USERNAME i felt like they did not care about us . in q & a #3 jai said he wants to come here but still :( ( 
USERNAME people die for love . romeo and juliette so sad :( 
god forbid i tell you how i feel .... </3 
logging onto tumblr after a break to see 596 messages .... 😳 😣 #impossible 
all these love movies on are making me so depressed 😢 
im so bored , you guys should text me 😔 
from the ny state archives , caring for wife and baby at home to help the morale of wwii troops abroad (video ): URL 
USERNAME but they spell it your .. i was confused too . 😔 😒 
USERNAME speaking of zombies black ops 2 comes out 12 midnight tonigh t.t he best in the world . 
USERNAME she died like three years ago . :( the only pictures i have of her are at my dads . 
very upset i didn't get to do the ptp dance 😔 #wwe #raw 
back to houston :-( (@ george bush intercontinental airport (iah) w/ 57 others) URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME no family meal for me ? :( 
USERNAME don't die ! ! i haven't hugged you yet :( #sadtweet 
oh no 😞 😥 i'm gonna need a tutor asap URL 
omg i really want mac n cheese form panera right now 😭 😭 
a hot detox bath , nyquil , and some ultram ... i might not be getting up in the morning #ihatebeingsick 😔 😷🔫💊 
my brother and sissy in law leave for their 2 week honey moon tomorrow .. my dad leaves for india next week for 3 months .. what will i do 😔 
i'm soo not used to full weeks now after having two 3 day weeks in a row 😣 
omg . i really wanted to tweet something , but i don't know what to tweet . :'( 
USERNAME its all your fault ! ! ! ! ! > :( lol 
he's so big already 😿 i miss my kitten . #buzzlightyear @ the treehouse URL 
my stomach hurts so bad . someone rub my tummy 😔 
USERNAME can you please be home soon i dnt wanna go to sleep without you but i'm getting really terid :( 
keep in dreaming even if it breaks your heart 💔 
i wish corey didn't want me to get shot :( 
USERNAME 😔 i'm sorry will you ever forgive me ? 
USERNAME i wish i could ! but i have assignments to hand in ! :'( 
i need girl that wil play black ops with me ! ! ! ! oh where are you ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? <3 :( 
USERNAME um some day very soon ! idk i work every day this week :( haha 
i hate when im not home & my phone is about 2 die :( fxxk that sh*t cuh 
i wish you'd realized i can be everything you want an need </3 
i play this song to my ex back in 8th grade i miss the old days :( 
miles'a çarşambaya olan researchle alakalı mail atıcam , turengden yı arattım ama tam istediğimi elde edemedim . :( 
#in6thgrade i had the biggest crush on USERNAME but he was oh so mean to me . 😔 lol imy bestie best ! 
USERNAME USERNAME wait , he only call me babe ? ? ? 😠 😢 😪 
USERNAME yep , i'll party w/ #tmom since they just announced a longer delay before the plane takes off . :( #ftcdallas 
ready for the final chapter but sad at the same time ! last movie ever :( 
USERNAME yes :( it was my favorite one ! now i have to go buy another one ! :( ps:imissu ! 
studying for science , chapter review for science , algebra worksheet , & social studies comic paperr . oh lawdyy . this finna be a long night ! :( 
USERNAME i haven't gotten any 😔 😔 except for the ones i got at 2 this morning 
USERNAME i can't dm you bc i don't think you following me 😔 
USERNAME momma cleaned my room and i can't find anything now 😳 😁 😞 😣 
it's only monday and i'm already over this entire week . need a vacation from school & work :( 
annd .... i've been missing him since we kissed goodbye and i got in my truck and left ... </3 #sadtweet #judgeme 
this is the first year i won't be able to shop during black friday . i hate being broke ! 😔 👎 
my best friend hasn't texted me today 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 
USERNAME i miss you :( i miss our sushi dates and adventures . 
USERNAME i had no hope after lineup change ... :( 
s/o to USERNAME for being duper cute but i don't know uu at all . #sadtweet ;p 
i forgot now i have to drive all the way back home by myself :c 
dang it ! i noticed 0% on my mac and tried to charge it immediately . right before the charger stuck on , it turned off . 😞 
my freakn little sister took all the freaking hot wings . not cool ! ! > :'( 
my cousin having a baby o.o no more cashing out for me ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i did just now ! it wouldn't load at first ! :( 
USERNAME what's that supposed to mean ? :( i do ! 
USERNAME honestly i have no idea . why would you not ): 
USERNAME why didn't you throw a steelers party tonight ? i'm very disappointed . 😭 
ok i'm ready to go back to school tomorrow 😞 
i haven't seen USERNAME in 2 days 😥 😔 😳 #dying 
what a boring life :( i miss my ex so much 
USERNAME you were an asshole to me earlier . ain't even speak to me :( you don't deserve an answer ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME this club season is gonna be saad :( 
USERNAME i don't want you to go without me ! #notagain ): 
USERNAME USERNAME :( :( if we get him tonight do you want to see ? 
one thing that i know for sure .. i saw goodbye in your eyes #zbb 😔 💔 
USERNAME i did all my crying earlier , missing u :( 
USERNAME but i don't wanna go to class its boring :( 
USERNAME lol damn thats how you feel ? ? /: #heartbroken #crying #depressed #woow 
as soon as we got in the house , earls mom had dinner ready , ... ... ... i fucking love her dawg , 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME love you ): you moving in with your dad ? 
wonder what i'll b doing new year's eve .. #everythingchanged 😔 😒 
blue milk out of stock :( (@ whole foods w/ 14 others) URL 
can't wait for my bf4lz to finally be home ! 💘😁🎉 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME if only USERNAME would come too ! 😢 💔 
still upset are snowman melted should of put him in the freezer 😭 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME USERNAME URL 
weather outside is supa nice ! wish someone was with me to enjoy it with ... 😔 
i want black ops 2 )))) ): i want i want i want ! ! ! 
i'm gonna have to give in first yet again .... but this is the last time .... 😔 
who are we kidding ... ill probably be up until 11 😔 
USERNAME im gonna be in school ! :( but there's always the internet haha 
USERNAME awe , i'm glad you made it safe . miss you 😔 love you ❤ 
i wish i weren't so scared of opening up ... 💔 👎💩 
USERNAME not answering my text ... i see how it is :( 
USERNAME can you be my new boyfriend because mines being a jerk ? :'( and i'm just really emotional because i'm pmsing 
USERNAME USERNAME no im serious .. i wanted to get it so bad but im not aloud to miss school .. :'( 
i really want a chocolate shake from kopps ... too bad there's not one in minnesota 😔 
my first love >>>>>>>>>>> nobdy will ever make me feel the way she did :( 
when my mom sees me smile she cries not because i don't have that very often on my face sad huh ! :( URL 
USERNAME :( me too ! this time i can't fall asleep too ! waah ! 
wish you could just understand i need time , pushing me into something isn't gonna work #fml 
feel likeshit , sore throat , everything seems to be going wrong . #fml 
damn my whole mood just changed i need to lay it dwn 😞 😞 😞 😣 😣 😣 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME nonono please don't remind me of the c-word please no that's not actually happening it's just a dream right ? 😢 😪 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i can't help but ask myself questions like these ... 😔 
USERNAME well i thought we did but i can't find any ): 
god , i would cut my intestines out before i ever did that . but dang 😔 
USERNAME people beat him up :( she lied to him . -_- 
USERNAME cause you always give me mean looks :( but you smiled at me today ... the hatred went away 
it's christmas time at disneyland 😭 no bunny has a pass tho ¯\(ツ)/¯ 
USERNAME is so tired he can barely talk on the phone . poor baby and his 13/14 hour shifts . :( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 i already am . #cantfocus 
miss you too pookster :( good job today ! ! 
ill pay somebody to write this sociology essay for me since my laptop isn't working 😔 
i really want to cut myself ... why did i promise all those people i wouldn't ? ? ? #depressed #fuck #ihatethisshit 
math is stressful :( why do i get stuck with the teacher that sucks ass ? 
USERNAME shit chillinq onna this thangg </3 text me 216-732-0572 : -) 
USERNAME i won't . i learned the hard wayy . ): 
why did i do my activities when he gave them to me :( now i have to do everything at the last min 😒 
and she doesn't even ask for my help . she just tells me to go to the market with her . i don't wanna ! :( 
....... they are fighting on top of the fridge , 😦 😾 
USERNAME i need you :( well mainly because i miss you , how is your paper coming ! ? 
what chantelle just told me , exactly why 😔 ... 
i'm so sadd ): u and gina are both out ! but good news i hit tonight ! 
hates how a single song can bring back so many memories 😔 
USERNAME chat or text me ! i have to tell you something that happened last night 😦 
its just not my week ): i miss you babe i hope things get better soon ! 
he tries so hard to make me mad and it works :( 
😢 i don't have enough leggings for this kind of weather ugh 
why must you tell me this after i already ate . 😔 
USERNAME :( i wasn't that hard to miss .. i was the only zombie that had a lost look on my face . 💀 
i don't like when #oomf is like this :( makes me feel bad that i can't do anything to change it 
i mean i did have USERNAME but she moved on to bigger and better things 😞 no bestfriend now 
apparently i'm not the only person with the name carleigh . that's depressing . :( 
USERNAME we have to dress up tomorrow . :( #sadtweet . 
why did USERNAME block me again ? ! ? ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪 
my night is shot i fuckn hate arguing smh 😣 
just got caught red-handed snapchatting in the library by a rando #fml 
why do i always feel like the bad guy ? :( 
USERNAME yeah i know . because our school is a piece of shit 😞 
hate how a song can bring back so many memories .... 😔 
USERNAME lets go to disneyland on nov 30 ! i miss you nephew :( :* 
USERNAME plz don t.t urn into this ever ............ k , loveyou , bye ! URL 
so no ready for snow in #chicago ! ! ! #lakeinthehills #fml #ihatewinter #teamesco #casaesco URL 
can't wait to go homee so sick of school :( 
USERNAME okay 😞 i'll do whatever it takes to remember next time ! 
USERNAME baha .. sounds like our parents just need to get better at shopping ! ! 😒 😔 
i miss the bonfires we had in wisconsin .. 😔 
why nuthin wanna happen round my birthday dats bullshit , i can’t get a concert no killah ass kickx nuthin smh 😔 fcuk USERNAME an USERNAME 
describes everything . i've listened to this at least 20 times today . 💔 URL 
at work on my least favorite unit :( USERNAME #sorry #worksucks 
USERNAME do you have the question sheet ? ? i forgot mine at school 😢 
USERNAME hahahaha i don't know , why was i so socially awkward ? oh wait .. i still am .. 😥 
i haven't got one in like a month and a half , i'm sad now . bye :( 
i guess it ends like this sometimes . </3 URL 
if the steelers lose to the chiefs i will cry myself to sleep . holy shit . 😳 😢 
USERNAME maybe :( the essay and my math hmwrk are due wednesday so idk if i will finish :( thursday for sure though ? ! love you 
#in8thgrade no one was not fake people was real back in the days :( 
USERNAME aww , u dnt talk to0o me in school nomore like tht :( 
USERNAME :'( i dont have money , and really ? ! you're gunna charge your friend ? ! ! :< 
being faded and fucking up your j's ain't the business :( 
USERNAME follow me please last night u guys didnt tweet me or follow me .. :( i was cryin bc of it .... :( 
USERNAME i know 😔 no seaside for no one this summer ! it's all about wildwood for now .. 
last one :( tears i gon miss they crazy ass ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME i personally haven't ): but i plan to in the future 
“USERNAME your first look at mark mcgwire in dodger blue (via jon soohoo ): URL USERNAME still looks photoshopped . 
USERNAME USERNAME wait ... ohh you guys can't prove it this year either #shucks 😔 
s/o to USERNAME for having the cutest relationship but never talking to me anymore :( wah . 
USERNAME but you're in the car club you uncommitted slut ! ! ! :( 
i can do this ! i can do this ! who am i kidding ? i can't do this ! 😔 
#in6thgrade i was the fat , ugly , nerdy , loner nobody really talked to 😔 
USERNAME hahaha aw poor baby :( it's all good ... i need to research my saint anyway ... 
cough was going away but now it's back along with a runny and stuffy nose #effinsucks 😔 👎 
USERNAME liees ! i hear you jas , ima murder jaboodie he taken you away from me :( lol 
almost asleep and my mom and emilie had to text me :( 
when ur boyfriend ignores you for a gay movie <<< :( 
USERNAME mike ! ! ! ! ! i'm sorryy :( 
my body is so sore it hurts to laugh ... :-( 
i just want to cuddle with my boy thoouugghh ): 
USERNAME i know :( this is like the 4th one ive lost :( 
USERNAME tommy guerrero , rodney mullen , lance mountain , and mike mcgill at public works (november 14, 2012 ): s ... URL 
well it's official . i am not the same basketball player i once was 😔 💔 🏀 
i'm sad to go back to clarksville after having so much fun at yamato :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
gotta miss the first day of cheerleading because i'm sick :( 
when i move out the way im not going to see hella people no more :( 
USERNAME come back soon :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( ((((( 
this better be gone by the morning .......... #snow 😐 😑 😔 😒 😞 😩 😭 @ spoelhof center URL 
don't know how i'm gonna live without my car for a month , i want my baby back 😢 😢 😢 💔 
no bra all weekend ... i'm almost sad i have to put one on tomorrow . :( 
#honesthour i get scared when there is a group of people and then there's me alone #sadtweet 
after this day off , i don't want to go class or work tomorrow 😢 
USERNAME hahah i . know ! i felt like omg i feel bad now ): . i hate stupid people lol 
the one person tht i thought would always be there .. proved me wrong . 😟 😞 😥 
USERNAME hey louis ! how are you doing today ? i think im getting the flu :{ i just got sick :{ it sucks being sick ! 
USERNAME follow me ! no one ever follows or replies . :( ( #playbacker4life #loveyou 😭 😭 ❤ 😘 
it seriously breaks my heart that leah & corey aren't together . they were perfect ... 💔 
i hate this sleeping pattern i'm on right now :( this sucks .. & i need my USERNAME here with me :( #imissyou 
great . so for no reason at all USERNAME release my man USERNAME 😔 wtf man 
USERNAME lol ! ! we are following the same girl and she is all up in there ! ! 😳 😳 😳 😥 😥 😥 😥 😫😫😫😫 
:( he can be such a butt hole sometime ! 
USERNAME i know it sounds weird but not having a dog this semester sucked :( so i'm so happy . that's no fair ! ! 
USERNAME and where is that ? lamo ... i'm rochester illiterate ... 😔 
USERNAME awh bby 😔 come over and i'll warm you up ! 😉 
i just spotted a 2nd dead pixel on my external display :( 
if it seems to good to be true ... it usually is . #fuckmylife 
i really wish i was allowed to get a job .. :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you and the kids will be missed this year diana ! :( 
omg just watched a video of rc boys making it to state freshman year . aw , i miss high school :( lol 
USERNAME it's so hard and so frustrating ! ! :( 
USERNAME i usually understand the things you say , but this one has escaped my tiny brain . :( 
that moment when you turn into an incoming traffic after you get out of the er .... #fml 
idk how USERNAME gone tell me i ain't got the heart for somethin .. 😞 
as much as i want those instagram sweepstakes to work for you all .. i'm almost positive they're not going to . i hate to be such a downer . 😔 
USERNAME i honestly don't think i am 😔 i'm broke and i have to make a deposit on senior week and shit so it's probb over 
this really cute tight dress with my black glitter pumps . #sadtweet 
USERNAME waah i wont be in a good mood tomorrow :( but yeah that sounds amazing right now about to do both 
USERNAME i even sounded like a zombie ! lol i am so sick tho , no school for me tomorrow . all my teachers told me not to come back :( 
i'm so devistated that i shattered my screen .. 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 
wasted a perfectly good work outfit going in to check the schedule that was supposed to be posted & it's not ready 😔 #wasteofgas #andclothes 
USERNAME i miss you and everyone else to ! ! its been too long 💔 , i'll definitely visit soon 
i wish i made 2 instead of one :( ((( 
does not want to do math at this hour #anythingtoavoidit #tootiredforthis 😭 
USERNAME #jfollowspree follow me plzz ! ! it would make my day ! i'm such a huge fan ! i cried when you had to go home :'( 
the people you think you can trust be the ones to let you down 😔 
wait this show is mad freaky . but i feel like she's actually talking to these dead people . 😧 
USERNAME i won't be there on black friday ! :( 
USERNAME i know i am 😔 you have to show off every time and do little flip things .. 
i feel like i'm getting sick :( just waiting for the nyquil to kick in . busy , busy day tomorrow ! 
feeling sick ): just want that special someone to make me feel better 
after this day off today , i don't want to go to class or work tomorrow 😢 
upset i missed the first snowfall at alma :( #favoritetimeoftheyear 
crying my eyes out . i just want us to be okay ... </3 #ugh 
there is always something that ruins my day . #fml 
wish it was july 16th and i was on a plane to italy 😞 
s/o to USERNAME . uu used to be kenzis bestfriend but not anymore . we barely talk anymore .. :( yourr pretty . ! 
USERNAME i have had a package for USERNAME for like four months because i'm too poor to send it out too :( 
i need to go to bed before i get sad 😞 
USERNAME i did all mine this morning ! ! there's no hope for me in that class . it's all like another language to me . ): 
USERNAME oh man :( i'm just gonna memorize those three reaction steps from 8 and hope for the best 
i want to cuddle and watch movies with my boyfriend 😔 #missinghim 
😔 chest hurts , i can't breathe , headache , and my eyes are basically swollen 
i wish i was at my grandmas house with everyone for my sesstterrs birthday 😭 👎 💔 🙍 
USERNAME seriously .. :'( it was very bad ! ! 
i'm . it going to lie i'm starting to miss edm music 😔 they don't play that type of music up here #wack 
well it's something i wanna do ... but soccer will interfere :( are you doing it next year again ? ! 
jalapeno steak burger and bacon cheese fries come to me :'( 
no more perfect attendance for me </3 i miss you too :( you goin ? 
USERNAME ohh yeah . it most likely wont happen but my dad is looking into it 😔 
i miss you , i miss us , i miss what we used to be . </3 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME and now you don't even have time for us ? what's next ? 😔 
i just bit my tongue ring hard af when i was eating a orange :( wommpp 
USERNAME not really :( my life is the meaning of stressed right now .. 
😨 😰 😥 😪 😭 💔 i miss you so much . 
this is my life right now ... chemistry and coffee #killmenow 😭 @ chi omega (χω) house URL 
kids used to ask for crayons and a coloring book at the dentist . now they ask if the place has wi-fi . #sadtweet 
USERNAME omg i know .... now i have to go so far away :( no more 24/7 food . this whole town is gonna get skinnier 
almost made it to the bulls game mf soold out ! 😔 
USERNAME can't ! i go straight to the airport from thurr :( 
addicted to this god damn show on a&e called gangsters . so happy i got out of that life ... 😧 
i will be in my feelings tonight if i don't talk to him :( 
can't even watch my novela in peace without USERNAME chingandoome :( 
wish i could find my kindle charger . i want to read devoted . ): 
i hate when people say they are going to do something and then they dont :( #disappointed #givinguphope 
need her soo bad ! ! ! ! ;( </3 
the first time my sister and me text back n forth about real housewives of bev hills while not in the same house #comehome #pweez 😢 
USERNAME ): nobody snap chat you either ! ! ! 
USERNAME *sniff sniff* i see how it is </3 jk haha 
USERNAME music till i fall asleep . wish the concert in boston wasent over :( #belieber <3 3 
USERNAME i miss you & everyone else . i'm always busy . 😔 👎 
USERNAME i love those lyrics too >>> #ibethinkinboutchu ;) im wearing your hoodie cause i miss chuu ! :'( #cantwaitforthanksgivingbreak 
USERNAME of corse you can , and ikr , my grades messed me up big time , :( . imma still come to your games thoo .*sighh* lml . 
USERNAME i got to 7 :( i think i'm just gonna use my homework pass #toomuchwork 
y'all ty don't love me no more 😱 😢 😭 
everything hurts so much ! ! ! logan worked me out so much ! :( 
my head hurt lik f****k .. ! 😣 😣 😣 😪😪😪 
so i admit , my boyfriend makes better mashed potatoes than me :( 
USERNAME doo nott . i love your natural hair i'm so stinking jelly 😭 
kevin's watching movies in his room and i'm relaxing watching jeepers creepers 2, i do miss my boo tho 😞 
why youu ! ? 😩 you're so cute . 😔 
idnt even wanna be on thiss world knomoe .. mha granny & momma iss all igot & they takinq mha granny frm mee :'( 
uh oh i scared her away :( oh well hahahaha i was just kidding :( #comebackk 
USERNAME my life ! my blisters hurt so bad :( 
USERNAME no fun i love when people call people out :( 
USERNAME foreal ;o i miss you to dude </3 lol 
i bed my moms hug right about now . #sadtweet 
USERNAME my hair is so dead and i'm tired of having it look the same everyday , after awhile it gets old , i want a change 😞 
my friends are making me feel so un culturally diverse . :( #helpp 
please baby . all i'm asking for . 😔 🙏 
USERNAME oh i'm sorry 😔 well i think you look pretty with it on 
does anyone have a graphing calculator i can borrow for my 945 class tm :( i just rmmbrd mine died 😣 
my head is killing 😭 😭 😭 😫😫😫 😭 😭 😭 
not being home for the holidays for my first time is gonna be rough 😔 so not excited about it 
hot chocolate , some of my famous cake , blankies , movies and my boo tonight sounds amazing . wait i don't have a boo :( 
USERNAME hahaha as do i ! but too poor right now ha #realworldproblems :( 
the only nights i actually want to go to bed before midnight are the nights i can't 😞 😴 
omq USERNAME on the sidelines ! i just died a lil inside ! get well soon troy ! i miss you ! :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME i was leaving it for kate . :( 
USERNAME yes ! but then i realized they closed it :( i almost cried . 
oranges are actually green ... too bad nobody believes me :( 
USERNAME i only get 30 minutes for lunch :( and my cars 3 and a half blocks away so it just doesn't work lol 
i've barerly even talked to my girlfriend today . :( 
won't be able to sleep until i get my phone back 😓 😭 😞 #withdrawls 💔 
i am so not ready for college . #cantdothis #morestressedout #dontknowwhattodowithmyself 💔 😪 
my brother screams at me to turn off cudi :( 
USERNAME USERNAME tomorrow is our last day :( that's what's sad . #noo #wahh 
USERNAME 12 minutes pass and my idol will never notice me . :( #keepcalmandlovepaigeymack 
USERNAME i did all 3 times , idk why your not getting them ! ): 
9. taytay 10. kimesha thomas 11. houston 12. music 13. lil boosie- i know :( 14. mr . craft 
you've changed . but i can't stop myself from thinking about the good times we used to have .. 😔 
USERNAME she didn't 😔 but tiff messaged me and said if she doesn't call by tomorrow for me to call her .. 
USERNAME you seriously need something happy to tweet about haha everything you say is a #sadtweet 
when your roommates music sounds like a group of cats are dying 😔 🔫 
wish she wasn't sick do i could dive in it 😔 
💔 girl you took to long ... i got a girlfriend ! ! 💏💑 💋 ❤ ❤ 
USERNAME stop being mean to USERNAME or i will have to hit you ): 
USERNAME you could say that haha i'm so mad they don't come down here to florida :( i was tempted to just fly up ! URL 
i hate how i think about shit and forget while tweeting #fml 
i swear life doesnt go the way u plan it i wish i didnt have certain friends who came along and stabbed me in the back along this journey :-( 
people pronounce my name a-lin , allen , eileen , a-line . gets old people . #fml 
USERNAME i dont even know what that means :( ill ask my moma 
ayy . i miss ilda :( she still my one and only 
USERNAME :'( i know i do , you don't have to tell me 
fuck texting . i want you here w/ me :( 
USERNAME hey sorry i been distant 😒 😞 😒 😞 
idk why but i've been in a depressed mood this weekend :( 
so my mom came in my room & asked if i was sad my baby wasent here . 😞 
:( ya it does ! ! ! we need to celebrate it together ! ! ! ! like i'm thinking vegas one year .... 
could of went to the raptors game with . the swimcoach and others but moms in the hospital so i had to come home :( 
USERNAME loves screamin in my ear over the phone 😣 
my boyfriend's grandpa passed away; rip , i wish i would have gotten a chance to meet you </3 
i bottle so much up; i'm scared one day ima really explode .. just hope it's not on someone i love :( 
USERNAME you will do better , you tried and that's good enough ! im sorry :'( 
i guess its just one of those days 😒 😞 😔 
my dog won't let me put bows in her hair :( 
i wish i was at the release for black ops . ): 
#in6thgrade f that grade . i got held back in that grade ! 😔 😞 😥 👊👎👋 #bitches 
USERNAME i dont know how to become and admin on the page help me please :( 
😥 😥 😰 if you love me the way you say you do you will show it 
USERNAME naww was outside when that happened . and when she went out , managers stopped us . :( 
USERNAME me either ! ive tried so many emojis and none of them work :( 
USERNAME actually i'm not as fired up as that one day in sociology .. #badday 😞 
i miss you more you don't mess with me anymore 😞 😒 
USERNAME let's save up for a car like that ... i want it so bad :( 
holler when you're ready , im just gonna take this bag of chips to the face #depression ! 
rockets or miami ? ! 😥 😰 cannot decide ! he can thou 😏 #red #nation #rockets #miami #heat #baske @ toyota center URL 
i feel lame . in not getting black ops 2 tonight :( 
obviously what was said had a big affect on you ... :( 
i have such the biggest bruise on my arm :( 
USERNAME ): u know i still love u ❤ ❤ you're cousin is just too great though ! ! ! ! ! ! 
kristen ! ! and rob ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
my day was being great until you had to fuck it up ... i hate her so much #bullshit :'( 
i want a stud as a bestfriend and stuff :( 
i didint see my boyfriend today .... & im used to seeing him every single day :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME thank you , you're so much less cruel than USERNAME and USERNAME don't think i appreciate you cheating . > :( (((( 
i have to wait till black friday .. i think i'm going to cry ! :( 
i remember one time i challenged heel flip at skate and lost :( 
USERNAME even if i had cable that would be one for the dvr . i’m already tired now :( 
i just want to rub my face on his face 😔 😔 😔 
it's only been 1 day without football and i miss it already 😞 💔 🏈 #nothingtolookfowardto 
USERNAME guess who had to walk to pe by herself :( 
i miss playing with my cod clan :,( where you at guys ? 😞 #domkings 
thanks to hurricane sandy the batmobile might have had its last adventure . :( today is a sad day . 
USERNAME i feel so bad :( i didn't forget about you i just never wake up for anything :( 
swear it's just a sad night for everyone . 😔 😞 
USERNAME wow congrats girl ... wish i could say the same for me :( 
USERNAME fuck you you cheating whore it’s not 12 go fuck yourself fuck you i hope you die i wanna play so bad :( 
nothing would make me happier right now than getting a surprise visit from my bestfriend USERNAME 💕 #missyou #longdistancesucks 😔 
USERNAME why you no answer my text message ? :( 
great . i got sick again after getting over a cold ... #fml . i need a better immune system 
i wanna go on a date out to dinner . 😔 
so tonight is gonna be a coldd ass night , andd my baby isnt here 💔 💔 
USERNAME :( ( jealous . are you aware the comes out tomorrow ? ! ? ! ? 
USERNAME no you weren't . don't lie to me . :'( 
the saddest thing in life is seeing someone u love suffer 😔 
guess no ones going to help me figure out siri .. 😔 
why does simba have to be so cute the minute i realize we most likely have to get rid of him ? :( life sucks 4 real 
USERNAME USERNAME i wish people sent me . dirty things :( 
i have like no one to text anymore 😞 😐 
:( i just wanna feel better and not have to stress over my essay due tomorrow (that i lost) and my test that i didnt even study for 
i lost all bookmarks of safari on iphone after a restart . yet another regret of upgrading to ios6. :( 
i need to find a way to move to centreville :( i can't stand freedom any longer , cville ppl r so sweet 
ik you're reading this pwease stop being mad at me </3 
USERNAME it was divine ! im sad youre not going home for thxgiving :( but it's okay cause im not either . xmas with USERNAME and crawl tho ! 
if betsy doesn't come visit me this winter i'm going to cry . :( #bestfriend 
my boyfriend is too busy on the phone with his friends to text me :( 
#in6thgrade my locker was on the corner of the boys bathroom & everyone realized my initials were ho :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i want a von miller jersey so bad but i can't get one 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
finally broke down and turned the heat on . it kills me that it was 70 just a few days ago :( #stupidweather #winteriscoming 
idgaf if its homemade stfu ! ! im tired ! ! > :( 
it's only monday night and i already can't wait for this week to just be over with 😞 
who misses awkward , because i know i do ): #sadtweer 
how come USERNAME didn't come for her make-up ? :( 
too cloudy out to see the milky way galaxy . :( 
when you're thinking of being with someone ... and then realizing it will never happen . #sadtweet 
my daddy tld me my real daddy's name is mr . chow o_o 😔 
ima change my number i don't want nothing to do with him 😞 
just the thought of having to wake up for school tomorrow makes me wanna cry 😭 
blah i dnt feel good . ! !😷 😓 😥 
watching price check . man , not as good as i hoped . pretty boring :-( 
full house episode when michelle loses her memory . actually crying right now 😭 
made it back safely from china ! no facebook or twitter over there :( fun trip but tired now . on my way to phoenix now ! can't wait ! ! 
USERNAME woo ! ! ! tonight's my rest night cuz i work the overnight :( i feel so dead when i don't workout ... 
USERNAME wwe are gonna have fun ! ! ! 🐚🐠🐟🌊😬 emoji doesn't have a mermaid 😢 
i've always been the strong ones for all my friends ! so ihate breakn &&'d letting my knees collapes when icant take it anymore . . :( </3 
crying to my dad on the phone about how much i hate my job ): lmfao 
USERNAME i guess we are not meant to be #sadtweet 😢 💔 
i'm already disgusted with myself . it's not even 2 weeks into november and i'm already thinking of giving in . #resist #hairylegsdontcare 😞 
USERNAME yeah i use to smoke . just don't get addicted . it's soo hard to quit ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME ron white is on and my cats decided to spill candle wax on on the walls . i sorry 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ... i'd be happy to have sex once . :( 
USERNAME dude i agree ! i hate that ! i wanna see USERNAME so bad but can't afford to ! :( 
USERNAME i'm just hoping i'll be rested enough to head straight into work :( 
USERNAME sadness none of them came back on yet :/ i don't think they will either :( 
i wish me called me beautiful , and i woke up to good morning texts . 😔 
saw beaches for the first time and omg what a tear jerker :'( 
USERNAME aww poor baby ): i hope you be okay ! 😕 😨 
USERNAME we don't get any banana bread ! :( USERNAME and USERNAME ate it all .. #bastards 
after you learned something about bad feelings and you meet people that don't know about that feeling but they are about to feel it :( ((( 
ugh tomorrow's tuesday . that means a day full of classes 😣 #collegekidprobs 
USERNAME :( just give me the first one for free;) i'm sure i'll like it so next time i'll buy them from you ! 
💔 lol rt USERNAME until it came out with heels that had flames on the side 
USERNAME i would if i was back but i wont be :( i have class and work ! sorry ! 
if khloe and lamar are really getting a divorce i will be heart broken 💔 #favcouple 
USERNAME we dont get to make our annual trip to sioux rapids for the girls game on friday :-( 
i hate when peple are like how come you dont text me ): 
i wish USERNAME would be happy :( and smile for his girlfriend 
USERNAME nope cause you pick 2k over me ? ! :( 
ethan just told me he's going out of town this weekend . :( now what am i going to do ... 
USERNAME that episode confused the fuck outta me lol , i miss full house ! 😔 
#in6thgrade i was the same height as i am now 😔 #shortgirlprobs 
i haven't been on my tweet game today . 😞 
choosing classes to take makes me feel so old 😔 👵 meep 
USERNAME i use to go with my brother but he stopped going :( 
nothing like crashing and getting up at 2 to finish USERNAME USERNAME 😴 😒 😞 ✏📄📘📙📚📖 
my one and only hasn't texted me back yet :( i'm going to sleep with my pillow in my face . 
USERNAME lol yeah :( but when will we all chill ? " 
i would love to go to the midnight premiere and get black ops 2, but nope .. ): 
USERNAME idk if i wanna retweet your tweets anymore 😔 
way to txt me back USERNAME :( making me think the worst an shit lol 
USERNAME i woke up from my 5 hour slumber in a bad mood 😒 😭 😡 😩 i blame it on the weather , i think . 
excited to cheer saturday .. but why at 11 a . m . :( 
s/o to USERNAME for not talking to me anymore , when we used to talk every day . i miss uu big bro . :( lovesuu bud . 
neither of my teachers have emailed me my work .... i think they believed my sister when she told them i was dead . 😳 😯 😧 
wah USERNAME didn't text me back this morning ! 😥 
liam looked so sad when ellen asked who's single and he raised his hand :( 
USERNAME i sure do wish i had a dq close by tho . :( 
USERNAME i'm down to take a train there for he day w you ! ! but i can't rent a hotel yet :( wah 
i desperately need to go shopping .. #deprived #of #clothes :( 
ladies the only reason why the mens bathroom at club isn't packed is because none of these dirty motherfuckers wash their hands > :( #eww ! 
so casually cruel in the name of being honest . i'm a crumpled up piece of paper lying here , cause i remember it all to well .. 😪 😔 💔 👎 
USERNAME headaches , stomach aches , and sore throats . 😔 
USERNAME i think it already happened 😔 i just saw that on facebook ... i miss it too wahh 
my koko leaves for arizona tomorrow :( .. but she'll back on sunday . 
USERNAME lol good old times maan i know you still remember iliktii 😭 
i have hella cute summer clothes ... but no cute clothes to wear when its cold out . #fml 
i almost fell into this thing :( . miss it <3 URL 
USERNAME nope :( cause i miss my daddy lots and i just need new people in my life ! 
twitter jail ... worse 45 minutes of my life </3 lol . 
USERNAME it's so hard . i'm feeling down about it today .. you try & try ... and i've gotten nowhere 😞 
USERNAME caalma , cade o teu blog ? ? ? ? ? ? tentei entrar nele e diz q foi removido :( 
ugh my movie froze on me ! why must everything bad happen to me ! ? :( :( 
almost lover is actually really complicated to play on piano :-( 
i miss my ps3 and want to play #cod 😞 😣 
USERNAME im tight i cant get it tn doe :( lol 
i just can't even . someone give me my sweaters from china and send me the fuck home to my bed and dog and friends . please :( 
#loveit when my husband will sit trough gossip girl with me . so sad the series is ending . 😭 
i miss USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i have written a paragraph and i'm stuck :( 
USERNAME USERNAME jesse asked if i had any money heather and i told him no :( do you ! ? 
USERNAME i'm going to start charging you for my apple it support . you should have just listened to me from the start ... 😦 
USERNAME i seriously don't understand how that is possible ! military doesn't allow them , so might as well take them out now :( 
USERNAME why haven't i seen you in forever ? :( miss you ! 
praying for marks brother and gf thro this awful time #cantevenimagine 😔 
USERNAME omgaww wtf :[ uffcoarsee i honestly will be in my car 24/sevv soo you know whats up <3 
f this explorer and its gas . make me go broke doe 😣 
USERNAME at least it's better than pop tarts for every meal 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i can't right now 😭 what am i missing 
#in6thgrade i was taller than most of my friends 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME probably so hahah and it more than likely will go by faster tomorrow because we will be studying and testing :( 
USERNAME sai wrd but that's do far away from now ! ! :( 
i haven't seen my best friend in over a month .. #oh 😔 💔 
USERNAME your lying right now , and i'm sad :'( 
USERNAME really ? :o i was 5 feet . i miss them days :( 
USERNAME i was looking at your homesick twitter & then another about w's unfortunate ethnic mixup & replied to that one instead . :( 
one more hour . one more hour . 😞 👍 😉 
but hes a nice guy , i will most likely cheat on him :( true story ! lol 
USERNAME idk . and idk what the closest one is . :( 
USERNAME :( noo ugh i will come save you if that happens 
my grandma just told me i eat to much and i'm too gready 😞 , & sumbody told me i looked pregnant . ima go on a diet cause i can't be big ! 😧 
i have a hopeless crush on someone i have no chance with .... </3 
USERNAME aww i'm sorry :c i've made it 15 days clean so far .-. 
#in6thgrade i was that new kid no one liked 😞 
USERNAME being a parent now makes me think about how heart breaking that phone call could be 😣 
missing my USERNAME already . as well as the other devilishly handsome men in USERNAME this weekend went too fast ! 😞 
USERNAME come oonn ! ! ! can u give us a hint about the bike you built for the build off ? :( 
it's gonna be one lonely cold week with keith in cali ! :( 
i miss USERNAME i haven't seen her in a week 😢 
i'm sick of these urgent care visits and doctor appointments :( 😷😫 
#in6thgrade USERNAME was my best friend . now we barely ever talk 😔 
USERNAME hate you ! ! ! i'm not even close :( 
USERNAME ok you got me ... i lied . i have no game :'( 
missing him like crazy when i'm not with him 😢 
physics project and lab write up die , a&p test , psychology test , all tomorrow . and i work till 10 tonight . #fml 
i don't get how the dressing my mom makes freezes in the refrigerator ... just had some dry tacos cause of that 😥 
oil independence by 2020, illegal immigration at lows , double digit stk mkt returns; jobs/housing up but yet #republicans call it treason :( 
USERNAME basically <3 it's too dark in my room to snap you back </3 333 
USERNAME i would , but you never text me back ! :( 
USERNAME why don't you ever text me anymore ? ! 😔 
the mix of janelle's mother on mtv makes me miss USERNAME and USERNAME #idontcareaboutkeefer #butido #loveyou #missyoutoo 😢 😘 ❤ 
when i was #in6thgrade i fell out the back of the bus and USERNAME and the rest of the bus stop thought it was funny ... 😔 
my back killing me ! shoulda went to yoga ... 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME aww i just finished one ! 😔 😔 😔 
#in6thgrade oh no . we are not going there on the twitter . 😣 
USERNAME i hope you are okay hun ... i really love you ... i am sorry for whatever happened today :'( 
USERNAME i know i didnt get to say bye to anyone . i love you and everyone .... i already miss yall too . sad day :( 
USERNAME awe ): i'm sorry ! i love you john ! 
i think it's the fact i keep comparing girls to a certain girl :( 
i feel bad that its like this ..... uhgg </3 
USERNAME i can't help it ! they frustrate me ! :( 
USERNAME karisa , me too :( tell me all about your life 
my mom told me she is a directioner so i asked who is the youngest member of 1d she replied with i am very disappointed USERNAME :( 
i want to yell out loud . 😞 😢 😭 😩😫🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏👫 brother and sister a bond no one will brake . 
USERNAME yeah it seems like i have no friends besides laurel . :( 
kelly :( yelling) you better fucking like pumpkin pie if you wanna be my roommate 
USERNAME ok , her name is simona , actually i haven't told her to be my gf but i think we both fall for each other :-( 
USERNAME aww i love youu too & miss you :( </3 
when #oomf texts me out of no where , i finnaly forgot about you and here you go again 💔 
nd peak season begins ... work 6 days thys wk . nd then 2 wks straight :( 
i try so hard and get no where with you . #sadtweet 
when USERNAME sends me and USERNAME the same snapchat saying he misses us ;( #sadtweet 
USERNAME i cant write this paper :( i'm going to have to re-dose 
i have too many clothes ! 😔 i'm going to give a lot away . 
USERNAME ... i texted you yesterday and you never answered :-( 
USERNAME you beezy 😞 i wanna see you ! ! 
i wish i would have stayed inside the venue longer so i could have met doriano :( ((( 
USERNAME i know , coach gary and coach smart always tell me that every time i see them 😔 
USERNAME lol i like how i know you since you were a baby but we don't talk 😔 
s/o to USERNAME for being cute but idk who uu are . waahh . ;p #sadtweet 
kristin forgets how she used to be my bestfriend :( 
#mynightmare would be not ever meeting or see justin's concert and then he doesn't do concerts anymore . 😣 😢 💔 
imma end up sharing a room with this bum ass nigga 😭 
USERNAME we broke up waay before prom </3 but he paid for me , so yeah . talk about an awkward night . my life sucked at that moment . 
#in6thgrade , i was so mean to people :( ..... i still kinda am 
USERNAME by time she leave its gonna be cerfew 😢 
that scene in i am legend where will smiths dog dies is more emotional than all the twilight movies put together . i cried almost 😥 
i'm tired i'm gonna sleep now big day tomarrow gonna sit home and do nothing must rest so i'm ready for nothing yay :( 
so for my birthday apparently imma be on a cruise and idgaf if i sound like a brat but thats not what i want :( 
USERNAME yeah andrew announced he was patting ways with the band a few months ago he wants to do other things with his life i guess :( 
USERNAME USERNAME but i said sorry ! ): the auto correct on my phone is horrible i didnt mean to call you assholes ! 
i just realized i never face timed on my phone 😁 😲 😧 😐 
im always waiting on someone else to push me away ! ! :( 
people probablly think i'm weird for randomly favoriting their shit . my phone does it by its self .. its not me . :( 
i've been in and off crying / on the verge if crying since 4:00 😔 
😩 😣 fuck me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😔 
i love my busy life ... not ! 😕 😢 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME 😧 😵 😲 😵 . your this emoji 😵 
i just noticed i don't have any male best friends anymore .. :( 
not being on my baby's arms anymore <<<<<<<< i feel lonely ): 
yeah i know :( i suck at life . i guess i'm not going to attempt to talk to any girl for awhile 
brooke committed to ut , daamn . she a true hooper . 😭 😭 😭 🏀 
USERNAME i would , ): but i dont the rents would approve lol 
hunter makes me so mad but its so funny > :[ 
USERNAME sorry you have to pull an all nighter babe , that's no bueno :( 
i have been nothing but a friend to you ... why do yuh keep treating me like i am a piece of trash ? ! ? #hurt #crying 😞 😔 
fuck i miss my lil sister , moments like this make me so sad . ☹ 
“USERNAME i really don't enjoy studying chemistry by myself :( USERNAME USERNAME #teamnotstudying #sorrynotsorry 
USERNAME i just teared up a little but ... 😢 hurry home , i got all this food left over waiting on you . 
USERNAME i know i'm not gone see you anymore and saturday was my last day at work :( 
USERNAME aww not gay ! i wish i could watch that :( 
so sad 😭 someone save this dog ! ! ! ! URL 
probably should start on the pile of homework i have . 😣 
aha yeo my childhood was a fucking movie broo lool 😭 😭 #flashbacks 
USERNAME USERNAME you won't be able to rap with him for a loong time . he's leaving . ): 
#picstitch 😔 where the hoes at ? @ trapamania . URL 
i miss my best friend 😔 she ain't talked to me all day 
this nigga jose used my phone and left sweat and shit all over my screen . 😔 
i guess since you have someone else now it's my turn to be in your past . #sadtweet #notfair 
USERNAME i miss you :( why don't you ever text me ? ! 
USERNAME aww why ? ? ? your so nice :( ( 
i'm craving some in-n-out . if only it was in the south . 😔 🍔🍟 
loosing your boyfriends attention to video games 😔 <<< #hellur #rememberme ? #fml USERNAME 
was looking so forward to seeing USERNAME today and spending the day .. but he wanted to sleep instead . #ihateyourjobs #neverhavetime :( 
USERNAME USERNAME 😒 😒 😒 😒 that sucks 😭 😡 
last christmas i gave you my heart , but the very next day you gave it away . ❤ 💔 🎄🎅🎁 
i don't like seeing kiisten like that . i wanna see her happy again . 😓 😢 
#in6thgrade USERNAME was my best friend & i miss her so much 💔 
i am super bored at work ! ! ! ! blah ! ! ! :( 
oh it hurts to breathe , cough , i'm sure sneeze . ouchy . :( 
i didn't get nearly enough work done today . :-( #epicfail 
so what am i supposed to do now ? #confused 😞 
hope you had a fun first birthday in heaven aunt julie . it's gonna be different without you at thanksgiving next week 😔 love and miss you ❤ 
my fingers hurt . i bit my nails too much 😔 
can't find a good show to watch & don't want to do homework 😣 #collegeproblems 
actually victoria has a point ... #inthesdsadays oh no . i am not going there with the twitter . 😣 
i really miss #oomf , we use to be best friends , now he's just another guy i see everyday 😔 
i'm cold :( mom needs to turn the heater on like wtf 
USERNAME its supposed to rain tomorrow so we probably will miss each other again :( 
why do people make it so hard for you to trust em 😔 
they drew my blood at the hospital yesterday . now there's a bruise on my arm . i'm scared :( waahh 
USERNAME USERNAME come to my room i miss you love 😔 
i can't see kiirsten like that , i wann see her happy again . 💔 😓 😢 USERNAME 
told myself i wouldn't get to close to #handbox butt that didn't workout to well :'( .... #fml 
USERNAME no i can't stop 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 
i'm at dia :c helsea (new york , ny) w/ 2 others [pic]: URL 
someone text me and save me from the boredom .... 😔 
USERNAME do tell ! i don't hear anything from u motherfuckers anymore :( ( 
i want to go to lights all night soo bad :( 
i don't wanna taco 'bout it ! rt USERNAME first pizza , and coming up .... tacos ! pity food isn't allowed in the USERNAME studio . :( 
stayed at the hospital all day with gma . hopefully her 2nd operation will be done and she can come home .. i really miss her :( 
USERNAME USERNAME hahaha my umbrella did that during sandy and it broke 😔 
it's been a day and i already miss them like craazy :( USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME how is practice fun ? ! ? lool after school practices are the worst ! ! ! #dead 😣 truee ... 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME awwh im so saad :'( 
😭 i seriously feel like when things start to go right , something bad happens .. 
#in7thgrade i lost my bestfriend , my grandma . 💔 
USERNAME haha oh my gosh ! thats the worst :( 
even tho it's cold outside , i just want a milkshake or ice cream . 😁 😔 🍦🍨 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 miss you . public service announcement . 
so low right now wish i could be happy right now 😿 😿 😿 
i been feeling so sick to my stomach lately .. ): 
#in6thgrade i had no swag it was more like wearing new balance basketball shoes and no anklesocks :( 
i havent been this sad like this in awhile :( 
when mom reminds me that i'm not skinny . every day . #depressed #sad 
USERNAME i already don't see you ... now i really wouldn't 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME na na nigga :( lol i'm not getting blocked 
#in6thgrade recess was cancelled because the moose wouldn't leave campus 😔 
wow it's crazy that both texas and florida are talking about seceding . we are in different times 😧 
USERNAME derr , hows angel , we haven't talked in a while ! ! i think he's mad at me :'( 
ballet costume didn't come in .. i'm so disappointed . ): 
most hilarious #2brokegirls ever ! ! ! love USERNAME 😭 <tears of laughter> 
i really wanna go back to 6thgrade i don't wanna be a senior next year 😥 
i just wanna watch the game 😭 😭 😭 😭 URL 
i hate mhy bestfriend rir 😞 😣 😖 😠 😡 👊👊👊 
USERNAME i know right ! ! ! 😭 miss you btw 
brent ! where r u ... i'm worried bout u :( 
USERNAME i was full :( and i felt guilty . cause that's a //lot// of food . 
USERNAME 😭 i was tweeting USERNAME until he replied but he never replies he probably doesn't even see my tweets 😩 😢 
so happy this awful day is ending ... in an even worse way ! ! #upset #abouttocry 😔 😞 😭 😰 
“USERNAME 😭 💘“USERNAME wtf kitty what are you doing why are you sleeping like this URL URL 
#in6thgrade i had the most ghetto p . e class ever . everybody that was anybody had ms . pla for 6th period ! ! good times 😭 
USERNAME why do we never go on sonic runs anymore ... 😭 
omg . lest go . it's almost 10 and we still have two places to go ! > :( 
sasha , madison and courtney that is not funny :'( 
USERNAME if i ever get you back in my life im marrying you .. i love you and i miss you everyday .. daddy wants to come back home :( 
what i'm i gonna do not going into the locker room in the morning 😭 😭 😭 #sadtweet 
i would tweet the 20th picture on my phone but of course it has to be with you .. 😔 
i would still call her but she would never answer </3 
#in5thgrade i got in trouble for asking people what dick meant . i cried . 😔 
i get worse and worse with this addiction each day 😔 
as much as i want next year to be here , i want 6thgrade back also 😭 
a bishh better be at school tomorrow 😫 😳 😔 😘 USERNAME 
today , 2 guys i work with asked me if i could get married with them to fix their papers . 😧 
ima just take a pill & go to sleep :( 
when i look in the mirror i feel like shrek 😔 
USERNAME lol i have a five page politics paper and an issues blog post before i can think about that #fml 
when me and dasean were in the car tonight ..... heart attack came on me and him cuddled tighteri know we was thinking the same shit </3 
#in6thgrade i was pretty much the same height as i am right now as a college freshman #fml 
i really hope he's not always gone 😒 #iwillgetlonely 😞 
i want to go to starbucks but i don't want to go alone :( 
i think my girlfriend 👉 USERNAME is the laziest everr .... 😞 ❤ 
i just want a pair of shoes that someone will murder me for 😔 
i used to trust you with my life but now i can't even trust you anymore 😔 
i just want to be happy :'( i haven't been happy in over two years :/ 
USERNAME aww nvm i would never want to break your heart :( 
USERNAME great possibility you might not see me tomorrow :( 
yeah , not feeling so good about tomorrows pre-cal test :( #sooneelsetakeit #please 
USERNAME haha my mom won't let me have one :( 
why do i keep watching scary movies & scary shows ! ? #terrified #stupidmovie :( 
USERNAME but i dont want to move again :c lol 
i'm sorry of i seem sorta clingy and annoying :'( i just kinda like u , that's all 
probably should have ate today cause i'm starving now :( #imstupid 
people aren't lying when they say your real friends will still be there after high school . #shitscrazy 😔 
USERNAME i think this is the last time we see them besides in the movie :( 
i wish i was getting black ops 2 tonight ... have to wait til tomorrow #depressing 
the only famous person that follows me is baby bash 😞 
why must this be happening to me right now 😢 
it's hard to know i won't see him ever again 💔 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! ! ): 
USERNAME it's been stuck in between long-normal length for so long :'( 
USERNAME peer pressure , alright i give in i'll try it . 😞 
being home alone on a week night is weird 😣 
dont want to go to school tomorrow .. at all .... :'( 
, was crying today in front of shay and tiara :( 
my brother picked me up & accidentally slammed me to the floor </3 
USERNAME ugh .... migraines are the worst . :( hope it gets better soon . 
USERNAME omg that happens with me all the time . i feel so guilty after it :( hahahaha 
ugh why do ppl unfollow me on instagram or twitter ? ? ? am i annoying ? knowing who unfollows you kinda sucks too ... i hate social networking 😔 
i care that selena and justin broke up . wahh :'( 
#in6thgrade i cut my hair 😔 😔 😔 worst mistake of my life . 
school: i'll study this at home home :c hecks every social networking site reading posts from the last four days next day: shoulda studied -_- 
remember when we had to say USERNAME USERNAME my sister just said that and made me miss you guys :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm sick :( no school our work for me until wednesday . 
acura integurl - frank ocean #onreplay while omw home :( 
USERNAME no idk wtf is wrong with my phone :'( hi buddy 
#in6thgrade i lived in naugy , i miss those days 😔 😒 😒 😢 
get me off this thing ... i need to study :( 
mid way through season 1 of friday night lights on netflix , and #redrings ... #fml 
i have a brand new pack of oreos ... and no freakin milk ! :( 
& then he kills the moment , i'm done 😔 😕 
my back hurts so bad , where's chris to give me a massage 😞 
and then they taking the time to lie and sling my name in the dirt ! this shit is soo fucked up ! #fml 
#in6thgrade when i dated cameron ... and levi an michael .. USERNAME USERNAME #fml 
USERNAME i miss you :( & your ugly ass face ! 
yikes ! not impressed by anyone's performances so far on USERNAME :( 
USERNAME which may or may not happen ... given current circumstances ... :( 
#in6thgrade my bestfriend moved to florida 😔 😭 😢 #missher 
i hate watching chrissy & mr . jones :( #chrissyandjim always make me cry :'( i love their relationship with each other . 
USERNAME i know ! ! the baby's name is michelaina ! ! she's sleeping though 😔 
i feel like you're avoiding me . #imustbealoser . 😢 
USERNAME yea that's what i saw lol #mature burn his house down and dude ... he dresses like so weird now .. just stop 😦 
#in6thgrade USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME were my best friends 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME um ours only held 45 pounds ... 😭 URL 
i hate leah's part of the season 2 finale . 😢 
i tell myself that but it still hurts a lot :( 
on the train i had the miserable , delightful experience of overhearing two nerds argue about which video games deserved more respect #fml 
the fact that my last week of drivers ed i'm not gonna be there with USERNAME and USERNAME <<<< ): 
USERNAME omg i was just thinking about you the other day ): 
i'm sick ... damnit ! i hate being sick ! ! :( 
trying to catch m&ms in your mouth and having then hit your tooth <<<<<< #owie 😩 😥 😔 😵 
USERNAME lol i know . i can never stay up late , but i can never wake up early either 😔 #cantwin 
USERNAME this site is so buggy but i love it so ! :( 
USERNAME hahaha wait that makes it so much sadder ! ! :( ((( 
so much pain ! ! ! ! 😞 😿 😖 😤😩😫 😣 
family night for my great gramma tomorrow .... </3 #sonotready 
i let myself get my hopes up , just to be let down 😞 
me muero por las gana de besar te #imy </3 
#in6thgrade i cried because i got my first b 😔 
i hate to cry when things aren't working out just wanna talk to him and work everything out #fml 
i wish i could've gone to the powderpuff game . 😔 
USERNAME :( that makes me sad .. i need to see you though :( . i've been nice to you the passed couple times i saw you .. 
USERNAME sorry if i like emotionally scared you :( hahaha 
#gossipgirl playin with my damn emotions ! now serena and steven are over . fantastic 😫😫😫 😭 😭 
#in6thgrade i had natural wavy long hair :( ugh miss it so much . 
but i have to take notes for my essays tomorrow tho . 😔 
it's so sad when kyairah talk to her dad on the phone :( #free him 
even though you're not mine , just know i still get jealous . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i liked the first to wim songs , the rest were too weird and sucked :( 
USERNAME greaat ... something to look foward to . 😔 
dom kennedy- i apologize .. i dont know how im gonna sleep tonigh .. smh :'( 
really appreciate that snapchat USERNAME sent to everybody today ... looks like i gotta change in the stall from now on :( 
ughh i don't feel well . i just wanna cuddle under the covers and sleep . :c 
my anxiety is getting worse right now ! ! :'( going to sleep 
USERNAME i know the its getting hard feeling trust me ! i fight it everyday ! and i don't think it should be that way :( 
USERNAME and black friday :( . also tru is open for three hours on thanksgiving ... 8pm to 11pm -__- 
USERNAME can't :( i have dance ! im going to die not being able to play when i get it </3 
USERNAME USERNAME fuck you fuckers im going to sleep . :c 
#in6thgrade i was the shortest person in class ... still am 😔 
USERNAME well see i don't have a resume or i don't know how to make one 😔 
i want a new tattoo but i just don't know what ! :( 
sjusbsixjd it is such a bitter sweet thing being a multi sport athletes . which do i pick ? ? ? ? ? :( 
no one understands . they all think i'm being over dramatic . you just dont get it ! can't you see i need help ? im struggling everyday ! #fml 
hey USERNAME cheer up and feel better please ! ! 😔 #missyou 💘 
USERNAME i'm the worst , i'm trying to vote and can't 😭 😭 
i don't get why i'm so damn bored .. 😔 
that is my home gurl i miss her let me love her 😭 #angela ❤ 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME aww i miss you too girly ! ! :( <3 
gathering up all of my willpower and forcing myself to trudge over to the library . i hate this . #depressing 
i felt soo left out today . ! ! 😿 😿 
rough night crying myself to sleep while watching long island medium which is making me cry more #sadtweet 😪 
USERNAME i do have bad luck :'( glad you noticed .. hahahahahahaha 
USERNAME USERNAME omg . i can't even spell my own name :[ 
i see mary poppins in 3 nights , and i don't even have an after-show date arranged with her yet . :( USERNAME 
i want to sleep but i can't . so tired :( 
USERNAME fuck brah that's shitty :( if i could send you one i would dude 
USERNAME my phone off :-( i not neglect you sis 
i wanna watch teen mom 2. ): but mother is doing homework and her rule is ugh 
every time i get attached they leave . i'm just not good enough i guess :( i shouldn't have trusted you . i started to give u my heart ... 
some cigarettes , ice cream , a bubble bath and a margarita all sound amazing right now 😔 
every time i see leah cry because of the divorce , i want to cry myself . #teenmom2 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME there will be no food left for any of us 😿 
USERNAME you're not allowed to be hilarious & have a private twitter ! i cant retweet you ! :( 
#in6thgrade i still did gymnastics 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
#in6thgrade i moved for south stack to fuckin gay ass tracy ! 😭 
i miss dancing ! ! ! i hope my knee gets better . #sadgirl 😔 
USERNAME haha . yes i do ! but at ae :( i work wednesday through friday at dq 
USERNAME i know but this just seeing you once in a while out of the total randomness doesn't cut it </3 #lovemeagain 
USERNAME i miss you ! this 8th grade twitter thing makes me miss our crazy ass times 💔 
USERNAME oh my gosh i miss you too cat ! ❤ 😔 
USERNAME alright ! i'll be around .. haha ! ugh really ! i nearly froze in vegas over the weekend :( 
i've been having headaches almost everyday now . #imdying :( 
USERNAME o wait they drug test you though . month without business from you </3 
my sister doesn't want to get me food ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i know i need to do something new :'( 
#in6thgrade i moved to a new house in a new district :( 
wish i had a lady too spend quality time with , but the world goes on regardless 😕 😒 😔 
its hard to believe what happened to you , happened to me 💔 
should i stay at east oktibbeha or transfer to noxubee county ? 😥 
the wrappig of my operation christmas child boxes ... :( #notproud 
as bad as this sounds i just can't get into the thunder on tv . i fail as an oklahoman ... 😢 
i now know why i don't like cucumbers .... 😣 #tmi 
i swear if i didnt love myself i would fuck everythang walking just to get rid of this pain lord knows :-( 
you ask me if i love you , if i always will . well , you had me from hello </3 you completely stole my heart & now you won't let go 
got over my sickness i had earlier , but still managed to end up with a horrible headache . 😩 #fml #killme 
seeing leah cry on teen mom brought me to tears #heartbreaksucks #sadtweet 
fuuck , now i dont have anyone to go to december night with anymore :( #kawawa 
230 days till i ball my eyes out when my great friend USERNAME leaves :( 
that devastating/awful moment when your favorite pen dies in the middle of doing an assignment . 😔 
i'm living the lonely life right now . lol 😭 😢 😫 
there are only five episodes left ? ! ? ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
well i'm going to bed i gotta go back to work in the morning 😞 
even doe they tricked me into eating them peaches , i hate being allergic to peaches especially cause everyone always eating them ! </3 
USERNAME seriously .. but i cant persuade senora armendariz to give our class a food party like i persuaded ms . brackney :( 
baby girl had her four month shots today 😥 #fussybaby 
“USERNAME louis went out to visit fao schwartz and toys r us today in nyc #15 URL can that be me ): 
rip charlotte cambridge . she was bullied for being a directioner and committed suicide last night :'( #ripcharlotte URL 
my front camera is soo dirty ! :/ and its from like the inside of the phone so i have no way of cleaning it ! :( 
i regret not buying this long sleeve :( it was only $30 too ! @ forever 21 URL 
soo distracted by facebook & twitter when i have two papers to write & a whole chapter in psych to read , then a pretest . #sweet #fml 
#in6thgrade i became friends with USERNAME ... then got in trouble for it . 😔 
USERNAME it's bc i missed my ratchet bff ! we were hilarious together and i didn't have anybody like you 😥 
😭 😭 😭 😭 my left ear closed up #whatnow 
fried oreo time ... no candle :( no matter ... still yummy ... @ mcgrady's irish pub URL 
:( i miss so many people and so many memories 
USERNAME wow for a second i thought that you were going to show your .......... never mind {i have a sick mind] :( 
USERNAME USERNAME me thinking about even thinking of looking at a problem 😥 
USERNAME omg ashleyy you are killen me 😢 now i'm gonna have to struggle 
i'm always scared of hitting deers not only cause of my car but it would be really said if it was bambi's mom like in the movie 😔 
USERNAME nigga she better start feeding niggas or i'm filing for child's support 😭 😭 😭 
when i watch teen mom it makes me want to cry how their relationship don't last it's sad nobody deserves that :( 
my did my best friend have to leave today for he's business trip :-( 
starting to get depressed . i can't take this anymore </3 
USERNAME oh :( man i thought i had a roomy lol 
been nauseous and hungry at the same all day what do i doo 😔 😷 😟 
whoever just texted me , i cant read the text :'( 
that term gets so over used now a days ! 😒 👎 💔 
USERNAME ohh that's why you haven't texted me all day :( #bffstruggs 
USERNAME life isn't a fantastic time for ya right now ay ? 😔 
sometimes i wish i could shut my brain off for a couple hours 😣 
USERNAME :( i'm moving that day ... however that does not mean that she can't do her routine for me one i get home #sparklesandall 
i haven't done shiit . i'm gonna fail . 😭 😭 😭 can't focus . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know ! ! ! i miss you guys ! ! ! </3 :'( 
kyles room have the electrical when teen moms starting :( ((( 
can we fast forward to the end of 3rd hour tomorrow ? #majortestanxiety 😥 
USERNAME oh no ! :( im glad you're okay tho :/ 
i'm gonna attempt dressing up for strunc class tomorrow 😒 😒 😒 😞 😞 
when you have cold symptoms and period symptoms and a head ache you're pretty much dieing . #fml #alwayssick 
i hate the spiders in harry potter omfg 😭 😭 😭 
you can say my biggest fear right now is what may happen in the next two weeks 😔 😣 😨 
my bff needs to hurry he's ass back across the border to sd ! i miss him :-( 
my stomach hurts and i no like this . :( 
i finally saw the very last episode of fresh prince of bel air today .... it was so sad ! ! :( #greatshow #missitlots #90sproblems 
i hope you know i wish your name popped up on my phone instead of his . i miss us </3 
USERNAME i know . tornado of 2011 hit my house . :-( 
#in6thgrade i literally had no friends . i sat alone at lunch 😔 
maybe i'm asking for too much , but i'd rather be lonely than dissappointed ... </3 
why do i listen to my warm up playlist before bed ? :( ahhaha . 
i just looked in the mirror for the first time today since i shaved this afternoon & i miss my scruff ! :( 
if mac miller's concert wasn't on a school night , i'd def have some extravagant lie so i could go :( #boo USERNAME 
lmao ew yeah but his ear is still bothering me ! ! :( (( 
i've fallen in love with everyone on this season of #thevoice ! tomorrow is gonna be depressing when my babes go home :( 
USERNAME i was trying to get your attention at the gym for so long tn and you never even glanced my way 😳 😭 😰 
can my computer please load faster i just wanna watch tangled 😭 #princessprobz 
i sure do love the cold weather but my fucken knee hurts all the time in pain right now 😞 
i hate it when i take apart a laptop and come away with more screws that when i started :-( 
i hate when random people follow me on here , but i don't wanna protect my twitter cause the people can't retweet me :( 
guess i'm not playing basketball this year :( i'm not the best but i love the sport so much 
omg is on next . yes . the best thing i would have watched all damn day . although , the ending always has me in tears . :( 
USERNAME ill be there before the week ends but i don't want yiy to leave :( , 
USERNAME awh :( i can't count all the times i've teared up thinking about it all ! :( 
diphenhydramine- hcl does absolutely nothing for me . i need human melatonin ... #fml 
USERNAME i told you i shouldn't have done it 😒 what did she say 😣 
USERNAME ours either .... he won't let me try the vicks on his feet with socks :( at this point i think i wanna sleep on the couch ! ! 
USERNAME well i dont have your number & i dont have a cellphone </3 :( 
USERNAME girl ... half the time if my life im a basketball or somewhere laying down sleep #im srry :( 
“USERNAME whoa . i guess he did have a bad day . URL is sad :( 
USERNAME i tried doing splatter paint on my nails . didnt go so well :( URL 
USERNAME USERNAME he's gonna get you for this .. i'm pretty sure he's snoozin' away right now . 😞 
i want pineapples and strawberries so bad ! 😫 😔 
USERNAME even tho fitness days are good fir us i still wake up every wednesday frowning :( 
good luck tomorrow . USERNAME ❄⛄☔☁❄⛄☁☔❄ i pity you . 😔 
USERNAME i'm not :( we're having something at my house . 
my ankle is retarded right now ... i haven't been this bit up since i was a little girl ... :( URL 
my favorite episode of kardashians is part 2 when kendal and kylie made fun of kim then they attacked her :( and bunch of drama happend . 
#in6thgrade USERNAME broke my heart and then USERNAME broke up with me :'( 
i swear i'm going to reply to text messages like a week later b/c my phone doesn't make any noise or vibration . it was working yesterday ! 😣 
USERNAME it need it to be man i need to see my baby :( 
i have no one to call when i'm drunk or when i'm gone 😪 😔 😔 
i wish it was easy enough to take USERNAME advice :c 
USERNAME USERNAME i don't think you understand how badly i miss it & want to 😔 😥 
complimenting someone and then finding out they're in a relationship ! 😧 oops ! not my intention at all ! 😖 sorry ! 😕 
#insixthgrade my mom wouldn't let me go to the movies by myself 😔 
alguien saqueme de este puto martidio de trabajo ke estoy arto :'( 
USERNAME whaat , no tengo mensajes en kik ): ¿cómo has estado ? <3 yo más . 
USERNAME did you do the bio #5 assignment ? 😔 it's hard 
USERNAME i had to get rid of it :( it was getting down to its last bit of life lol 
USERNAME i'm not .. but that's what i want to do </3 
if it wasn't so late there . i would call you . 😢 
USERNAME me & my dad are watching the ohl russia game & it's just not the same 😭 
USERNAME i really want some but we dont have any .... #sadtweet 
USERNAME noo this isn't funny why don't i have power :'( 
#in6thgrade my bestfriend was USERNAME 😘 i miss those days </3 
#in6thgrade i lost my grandmother and nothing has been the same since . 💔 
USERNAME aww :( have you gone to the trainer ? they can at least give you stem and get the swelling down if its swollen ? 
feels like i haven't seen USERNAME in years :( (((( 
USERNAME hey i am having troubles getting pre-sale tickets ! ! i have an account but it would let me access it ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME wow . i read that as motionless in white miw not wim :( i suck . 
our pack is split up and it breaks my heart 💔 
she thinks my tractor's sexy :( ((( i hate this song now but , on replay & i turn it off bc #memories 
and odessey of the mind too ! except my group never did anything ): 
i just wanna be all you cute with you that's all 😔 
USERNAME when i went to take the color off the acrylic cane of too so i decided to soak them off :( ill get them done next week again lol 
omg ! ! it's packed already ! ! no effing seats ! ! gotta switch the tix ! ! :( ((( so mad ! ! ! (@ amc loews lincoln square 13) URL 
bipolar ? rt USERNAME like ... i was just happy , and then i'm in my feelings , then i'm mad , then said , and happy again :( 
USERNAME miss that shitt . well me you emily and d :c 
USERNAME i knooww ! :( ( what am i gonna do then ? #itsmymoneymaker 
all these #atskyline tweets are making me miss skyline ! 😔 
USERNAME thanks a lot . 😭 😪 😥 😰 😩😫 😣 😕 👎 
#in6thgrade i was the same height as i am now ... in 8th grade ... being 14 years old x'c lol #sadtweet 
ouch i'm in that stat . :( “USERNAME nearly 6 million years of game time have been clocked in wow ! details --> URL 
#in6thgrade my boobs were the same size as they are now . #fuckmylife #ohwell 
i hate over nights . i want my boyfriend . 😥 
i dont even think im getting black ops .. my xbox days are possibly over :( 6 years strong 
project is done ! now off to sleep . jax in the am :-( 
#in6thgrade mr . turner gave me high fives every day 😭 😭 😭 😭 #missyou #superman 
i miss USERNAME :( ( we used to talk all the time . but not anymore . #teartear 
USERNAME noo , ya jus dont party anymore , or too cool for me :( 
nothing is more sad than just seeing your mom shed tears 😢 
USERNAME oh my god . you came when i left :( ( 
USERNAME omg ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 i know ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 miss you too ! ! 
USERNAME i will sit in the back of every one of your classes ;) hahahaha but dammit ! you're right :( 
USERNAME hey that was a serious depressed tweet ! :( 
tryin to watch some swedish horror but my netflix keeps buffering > :( 
USERNAME i haven't gone out :( you don't invite i miss you though ! 
USERNAME not surprisingly , pa is one of only 11 states who have the strongest teacher union(s ): tier 1. 
sad i couldn't make it to USERNAME birthday dinner . 😔 💔 
USERNAME yeah but my baby girl is nowhere near lincoln ca 😔 😖 
#in6thgrade i wanted moon shoes but i neva got dem :c 
USERNAME i know ): i've been on my feet all day 
USERNAME still have to take calc 2 at ou though 😔 
“USERNAME no fucking way . rt USERNAME jesus take the wheel 😭 
USERNAME meehh .. :( well next time ur there text me or if ur bored ! well hang out 
i f**kin hate u dwrcl :'( rtUSERNAME perv rt nadz_iam time for #porn #excited 
USERNAME i know ! it takes a lot of my time ! i forget what days off feel like 😔 
i honestly miss USERNAME so much . we use to hang out all the time and i haven't seen her in months :( 
feel like i lost my best friend 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME ugh ! ! ! ! :( i miss you guys . 
i hate not hearing your voice before i fall asleep 😞 
im gonna miss this year of soccer even though we werent the best team we were like family .. 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME my hunch is , no . but , to be honest , i'm not sure . sorry . :( 
everyone is talking about thanksgiving break ... well mines gonna suck so let's not talk about it . #noturkeyforme :( 
#in7thgrade i cried because it was my last year being in spackenkill #imissit :( 
USERNAME i would buh i'm busy af laying on the couch ): 
i hope i find someone like ice t one day 😔 
i wish he would call me and say ganna ): 
saw a shooting star on my walk and by the time you realize it's gone ! wtf ! 😔 sad day 
USERNAME i never heard of them until i worked on stuff for this market (which i desperately want to visit ): URL 
aw my babygirl fell asleep while she was on her asthma machine 😔 
i forgot today was gossip girl ! stupid homework :( 
i feel like the boys are my kids ... (,: ok i'm going to bed v.v night xx 
just ate my emotions with a whole bag of chips 😭 😡 
#in6thgrade i was the ugliest mother effer 😔 still am 
#tweettheworstthingthathappened on june 6th my daddy passed away . my life has never been the same </3 
USERNAME stop calling outta work my nigga 😞 😡 😵 ✋ 
i support you 100% but i hate when my time gets tooken away huhh night :'( 
i wish some of my friends actually cared about me like i care bout them . lately i've just been in a mood :( 
USERNAME no kidding :-( at least you can't really tell 
why the hell is danberry showing breaking dawn pt 2 at 10 pm on thursday night ? ! ? why are there no midnight showings ? ! ? 💔 😫 😭 
i feel like i annoy marcos w/ my problem , since it never changes ! ): 
USERNAME i wish you were coming too :( i miss you bro ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME game giving me some anxiety . #goraps 🏀 😦 
pretty sure that i am the most jealous person of the fans who got pictures with kristen stewart :( #breakingdawnlive 
sometimes it's easier to say you're okay instead of trying to explain things 💔 
but i can't be right now 😭 😪 😭 😪 
hate talking about middle school cause i miss it and all my friends so much . 💔 
USERNAME can u and ruyan come with me to the midnight release :( 
#killme ” it has me trapped at wallace forevaa 😭 
ugh my daughter and girlfriend just left home :( now i'm all alone 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME me neither ! :( patience is a virtue ... 
seeing breaking dawn 2 commercials only makes me miss the fact that we aren't going together like we did last year #sadtweet 
cleaning top to bottom at 10pm .... ugh ! could be doing so much better things like #sleep ! ! ... miss my coco ! :( 
USERNAME i miss you too ! & i wish i could find the old pictures if us :( (((;; 
i'm so accident prone .. i need to be in a protected bubble 😔 
only caught a glimpse of him . then it froze . 😭 #whyme 
ben roethlisberger is bout to be a dad #fuck #itsover 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #thisisadamndream 
my grandparents house , how i miss them both ... :( #family #medelhouse #mattyvoriginal #elcar @ el carro park URL 
USERNAME tweeting me back just wasn't enough , you had to take it to a personal level </3 URL 
i miss you , USERNAME why don't we ever talk anymore ? </3 
brad maddox is far too pretty to have to do this :( #raw 
i guess zuleima didn't catch my subtweet earlier . sad sad sad 😭 
my bed is so cold and lonely :( (( #sadtweet 
i honestly can't stay mad at you . ugh sorry im a bitch #sadtweet #imsorry #imabitch 
burnt fingers are sad fingers . :( ouch . @ home sweet home <3 URL 
this whole weeks about to be bad it brings back too many memories 😔 😕 
USERNAME he's being mean to me 😾 i just want to shop 😿 it's such a good day to bargain 😿 i hope he's lying to me ! yes yes 🎉🎊 
USERNAME dude we need to find a way to chill before friday :( #ifonly 
ngarep mentor batalin lagi sesi minggu ini 😁ayo dong sir terbang kemana kek .. proposal gw blm terjamah soalnya 😣 
i miss my baby ! ! super sad monkey with no bananas . 😔 😥 
all these tweets are really making me miss my childhood :( (( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you win . everytime with that comment :( 
after procrastinating for quite some time , i finally finished looking for alaska . i regretfully say that i was highly disappointed . 😞 
#in6thgrade i was ugly but still thought i had a chance with the boys natalie got to talk to everyday ... #fml #teamscrawnyboys #faggots 
#inthe6thgrade i ate so much in the lunch :( ... 
USERNAME naw . not yet cuz i know i'd beat it within like a day or so #sadtweet :( 
i don't think i studied enough for this test tho so i'm not gonna go to sleep yet . 😞 
so my roommate is trying get rid of me 😒 😞 
USERNAME i know i have all of the movies and plays ! but this one could have been a tiny bit better 😔 . 
when you're dreaming with a broken heart , the waking up is the hardest part 🎤 💔 for being such an ass .. john mayer has no problems expressing 😉 
USERNAME lo más seguro ): pues con dolor de estómago ahorita , iba a ir por medicina , pero no recuerdo la razón por cual no fui sdlk . 
USERNAME yes you are , you wouldn't let me pinch your cheeks yesterday . :( 
wishing i were ice skating but they just closed :( 
i just went on webkinz and all of my cute little animals died ): i had like 30 
love like this just doesn't exist anymore 😔 💔 @ the notebook URL 
didn't even cut my hair that short and i already want my long hair back 😢 #itsonlybeenaday 
#afterigraduated i started drinking than i have in my whole life . #fml 
USERNAME i have so much shit to tell you ! i miss you best frieend ! :c 
go to start my homework , cant even find my mother effing backpack , #fml 
#in6thgrade i would actually believe all of those scary text message forwards 😣 😣 
where's USERNAME when u need her ... i need her to distract these kids so i can win :( 
#in6thgrade my best friend was USERNAME i miss her 😔 😖 
USERNAME the older kids told me to do it 😔 
awesome i just got fucking pulled over , less than 100 yards away from the paulding county line #fml 
USERNAME i know ! my parents are silently judging me :( 
buut now #teenmom2 is on .... so i've lost any bit of motivation i had 😔 
i feel like i need to be bad and get a mountain dew or something , this chick cannot concentrate tonight 😔 
i miss hanging out with USERNAME and USERNAME in texas :( 
USERNAME i know ! white girls 4 life & you were my biscuit and i was your jelly 💛 💜 👭 😿 
i've got a bug . being sick is my least favorite thing . 😔 
chelsea telling me she's moving to utc in the fall <<<<< :( 
USERNAME USERNAME so true , liberals get away with everything . we conservatives are always the responsible clean up crew :'( 
USERNAME cause i'm sitting on my couch icing my knee cause of how busy it was at work #lol #fml #haveoneforme 
USERNAME :o wow i am offended . i thought i was like the first person you followed ! :( (((( 
i walk on average 10 miles everyday at work . literally , i have a pedometer ... no wonder i'm not gaining as fast as i was > :( 
USERNAME well thats the thing :( i dot wanna trim it cause it'll be awk medium length so ... shoulders ? :( ((( #omgg 
i hate that every single time i retweet something i can't hear my moms phone go off . 😭 👎 #comehome 
this is so sad i'm going to cry . and the sad violin music isn't helping me much . :( 
okay so this 5-7 page essay is due friday .... and i haven't even started yet . #shootmenow #fml 
#in6thgrade some my friends pulled down my paints in front of the girl i liked 😞 that was embarrassing 
raptors are going into a triple over time ! like what is this 😱 😭 
USERNAME ugh nobody watched it 😞 so i'm stuck talking to myself abt it lol 
i just thought i had a bug but until my cousin burst my bubble and was like so you think you have a but lmao you ain't got shit . ! lmao :( 
#in6thgrade everybody knew how to make spinners .... except me . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME haha i won't be at state board tomorrow either ! i gotta finish 20 hours of community service by friday ): 
what did i do to deserve yall to be such assholes to me ? like just cause i didn't get back with him ... #sadtweet . 
yeah screw you broken printer 😡 break so USERNAME has to fix you & cant come over 😔 #missmyboy 
USERNAME bs to your bs . i loved you hanna . and you turned me down 😖 😩 😭 
#inmiddleschool my brothers were embarrassed that i was their sister 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME hey sorry girl i didn't get this ! i think it's closed the theatre and cinema majors :( its a film thing in france ! 
why was i laughing and smiling through them ! ? #fml 
USERNAME sorry .. i just wanted to be cool like you .. 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😔 😕 
one year i would go back to would be 7th grade , i had the bestest friends :c 
i haven't had sex since june . someone please just kill me now . #deprived #dying 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 
“USERNAME i miss my baby 😭 😭 💔 USERNAME URL 
i hope my everythig is ok , he was just fine now he doesn't feel good :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME it'd be nice to be able to rt .. 😔 
cause sleepyness so that's what i've been doing for the past 7 hours :( my contractions haven't start but i feel period like cramps 
girls cry for everything 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😥 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME jared you don't want to go on a date with me :( 
so , tell me what i gotta do to win you over .... you'll never have to wonder if you need another ... 😔 
USERNAME i always wanna watch it but i can't find it anywhere :( ( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 that's that shit i don't lile 
USERNAME never got to see the end of that movie :( 
the damn dentist messed up my gums ... they been soar since 2 😔 
i don't want to go to school tomorrow ! where has the weekend gone ? man , i'm gonna miss my sleep and bed . 😭 😩 😔 
my teachers just don't understand i'm not smart . i struggle at things . i don't get things right off . i have problems comprehending ! 😔 
USERNAME right ! it's over before it even started . no more glitter 😔 #dancerprobs 
USERNAME USERNAME man it breaks my heart . you can really hear it when he sings with kevin . :( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 that's that shit i don't like 
USERNAME sorry :( i have no clue how to stop it i would if i could 
this has been the worst 3 days ever .. :( #wannacry 
USERNAME why do you notice all the negative tweets about you & not mine ? :( ( 
USERNAME USERNAME i thought you weren't going to play anymore and i was like oh no :'( 
i so wish to cuddle up in bed tonight , but this bio test 2nd hour 😞 
when my cousin was like you think you gotta big but ? lmao you ain't got shit . ! ! ! :( ayee just burst my bubble like that 
USERNAME i had cake it's in the trash now ... :-( #fail 
i guess i have to just do me now .. 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME i made her cry i didnt mean to cause i took a dollar frm her ! ! :( 
why do we have to know what we want to be when we grow up right now :( 
in other news , i'm basically in tears because i'm missing the USERNAME show . shout out to all my friends on here that are there . :( 
once again , not looking forward to school tomorrow at all ... 😞 😴 
USERNAME ahh ! hurry up man ! if you fail 2 classes you can't wrestle at all :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME seriously ! ! i realized today you're gone till like after thanksgiving . :-( 
my new favorite song ! #betterthatwebreak #maroon5 this song fits me so well ! it's exactly how i'm feeling right now ! ! 💔 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME i just want you for myself .… 😔 is that really all that bad ? 
#in6thgrade i was 4/9 .. 3years later . i'm 4/11 1/2 #sadtweet 
november 12, 2012 is a sad day because .... my vera bradley backpack strap broke ... :( thank god i only have 3 and a half weeks left ! ! 
USERNAME i bet ! ! wtf i always see everyone except you guys :[ thats ass 
USERNAME lol omg 8 months ! ! ! ! i hope they dont forget us :( hahahah i wont ! 
obama 2016 is such an eye opener ... i just don't understand this spell he has over america . how the hell did this happen . 😣 
there are people sitting at gamestop sitting in lawn chairs ... 😔 #smh 
USERNAME it's not me is it ? ! coulda sworn they were different ): 
drinking water & powerade cus ima die on this run tomorrow 😣 
it makes me mad that evrybdy bios can have emojis and mine can't ! 😔 
i hope i can sleep tonight last night ... nothin until marcus got home t.t 
i felt so loved today everybody missed me :’) 😭 😭 
via USERNAME (blog ): georgia tech as coastal champion ? yep , it could happen - URL <- they could , but they won't ! 
#in6thgrade i was 4'11 and a size 4 :( i wish i could go back to those days #fatgirlproblems 
i miss my nephew , cousins , and all the babies i babysit . my little friends 💔 
this bed would be 10 times more comfortable with him in it 😔 #sleepingalonesucks 
USERNAME okay let's all just cry now 😭 😭 😭 😭 
head is going to blast ri now > :( #headhurts 
finally got my food ! my g ma never feeds me :( 
"USERNAME it's official (kind of ): lionel messi is better than pele | URL fyi for student fans of soccer-yes you alex/erik 
la falta de USERNAME produce serio efectos secundarios en mi 😞 
i would love someone eat with me , watch movies , & listen to brantley gilbert with me tomorrow 😔 
i hate not being able to fall asleep . :( 
sittin @ home in a fucked up situation :'( /.\ dis sux ass ! ! ! ! ! ! @ my house ... 
wish USERNAME was still here .... still sick . :( 
ugh wtf this is so fucking annoying ! ! ! ! ! 😰 😥 😫 
praying for my lil nephew ! he broke his thumb 😥 
i miss the scent of my hair when i leave your house 😔 😩 😓 
long weekend ferry crowds :-( @ swartz bay ferry terminal URL 
i miss krissi so much . i miss her so much , nothing is the same anymore </3 
#in9thgrade , i went through so much shit . i actually did had a moment where i was at the point that i considered committing suicide . 😔 
have to go to sleep with the watery eyes . ! 😢 
USERNAME come the fuck on carmen .... i miss you ! ! ! ! :( i went from seeing you daily to ....... really never 
USERNAME :( you didn't play for me ! ! you just dabbled . no fancy stuff ! 
USERNAME awee brit someone stole your tweet already you just put it up too :'( 
my house is full of bullshit . tired of this day . :( 
USERNAME take a shot for me by drake reminds me of you :/ </3 
i've only had 29oz of water so far today . it's only the second day and i'm already falling behind . :( 
in the worst mood 😞 no one to talk to .. 
USERNAME lol its canos but damn man i havnt played it in forever i suck ! :( 
USERNAME i know 😥 but this face can't be at school 
we all know dang well that coach bryant is gonna tell me no . :( #wintertracj URL 
USERNAME okay i will miss you in your absence :( our room smells like arm pit 
USERNAME erg i have plans this weekend n ill be out of town the next weekend ! :( 
USERNAME ... ? ? :( is everything okay ? ? 
the struggle when you leave your charger in the car 😞 
USERNAME i had hella girlfriends kmsl no i cant even get one #sadday 
i wished i still lived in va so i could have done a road trip with my mother to see 1d on the today show :( #1dtodayshow 
. and i`ll never give myself to another the way i gave myself to you </3 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😢 nobody invites this billy 
i really miss my lp :( @ hot mess express URL 
alrighty all im gonna fall off the face of the earth for a while until i pick up my head & have something positive to say again #hopetobrb 😔 
everybody i was texting just like . went to bed . 😢 
USERNAME are you gone try to make it here for the funeral ? we need you sister :( 
the fact that i'm working 45 hours this week ..... 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME buuh ! andale subete otro más please :( pleasee :'( *cara de puchero* kasjdaj ! 
#in8thgrade i played for the basketball team and averaged a minute a game along with USERNAME 😭 
i have a paper to write but i can't even keep my eyes open 😔 😴 
it's been 8 days since a 10 lb box feel on my head , headache/lightheadness/dizziness still hasnt gone away ! worst concussion i've had :( 
what i wouldn't give to have you lying by my side 💔 
USERNAME ahlea has to babysit :( ( she said we should go friday after we're out of class but i wanna go at midnight lol 
soo tired 😔 😔 n i'm not home .. and even when i am home i can't go to sleep 😔 😔 😔 😭 😭 😭 😖 😖 
i could probably create a new ocean with all these tears 👎 😭 😭 😭 #femaleproblems #overemotional #canthelpit 
#in6thgrade i lived 20 minutes away from my best friend . now i live 12 hours away from her . </3 best friends for 16 years . 
feeling alone is the worst feeling ever . 😔 👎 💔 🙍 
#in6thgrade i had a cat and loved it ... my mom made me give it away and it ran away from its other owners ... i miss you snowball :'( 
USERNAME but it's already gonna finish 😭 😭 😭 lol . 
USERNAME lol idk :( ( we hardly see each other ! 
#in7thgrade i lost my baby cousin to liver cancer ... 💔 😔 
#in6thgrade i never could finish the mile under 10 minutes :( #fatkidprobz 
sipping on a hot tattie .. i need a boo to take care of me :( 
texas ? ? ? ? thats far from indy </3 
i can't stop hurting . ow ow ow oww . 😢 
#in8thgrade i was a star in football , basketball & track . i gave all that up . #fml 
😔 probably right rt USERNAME jonathan your ass will have a asthma attack -__- rt USERNAME schweeted 
i hate when good people on USERNAME get sent home :( i get sad watching it now when my favorites are gone :/ 
USERNAME we were on a mission to go get food since i had a whiney baby in the back complaining he was hungry :( i'm sorry 
s/o USERNAME we use to be so close back in middle school ): i miss you girl . it was good seeing you the other day ! everyone follow her . 
aw my mom came to tuck me in & wish me a happy early birthday . i dont wanna ever grow up :'( 
gosh dang it .. i miss the class of 2012. 😔 
#in4thgrade something so bad happened in my life , wish it never happened :'( 
USERNAME the 20th but i'm either coming home friday or monday . hopefully friday cause i miss my auty 😔 
not looking forward to working 14 hours tomorrow 😒 😖 & on top of that waking up at 6am 😠 #fml #longday 
words can't express my emotion right now . # :( #imserious #wtf # 
#in6thgrade i was to stupid to realize what could've been and #in7thgrade i did the same fucking thing and i still regret it to this day :( 
USERNAME sadly no :( ... i've only seen the first one 
why are my eyes burning ? 😩 😭 😲 🔥 
#in7thgrade i was so cocky ! more then i am now 😔 
“USERNAME your first look at mark mcgwire in dodger blue (via jon soohoo ): URL USERNAME 
USERNAME but my daddy won't hurt you :c he'll just hate you and give you dirty looks . 
USERNAME hold tight pumpkin see you in 6 days also upset u didn't call me after your scrimmage 😞 
USERNAME aww . i'm getting put to sleep ... :( 
i'm laying so uncomfortably but i don't want to disturb my dog 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i know ! the heck ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME hahahaha i know ! ! ! pray i'll get in though there's only 10 seats left 😣 
i never really watch teen mom but when i do it's all sad 😞 
USERNAME she gave me a concussion . ! lol i didn't even do anything this weekend . :c 
USERNAME f off ! i was trying to mix a drink to swallow with > :( 
USERNAME i know :( i miss you so much and all the st martha gang . i literally like miss gradeschool 
when everyone around you is eating ice cream and drinking soda an you can't :( #fml #thissucks :( 
#in6thgrade i spent half my time missing cali now i spend it missing va 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ahem ... i was the one they told that one person all the stories were about 😔 
i really need to stop looking up symptoms on that medical website because they always convince me i have some kind of disease 😥 😒 😣 
#in6thgrade i weighed only 50lbs less and have only grown four inches 😩 😭 
USERNAME do u wanna talk about it ? ? im a good listener . i miss you . and i dont want u to be . all upset :( wats ur number ? 
my whole nail gone .... i been fuckin myself up lately :'( 
USERNAME i wish i could leave right now 😭 but prob sat ... you ? 
USERNAME USERNAME those were the best ! gosh i wish i was in your grade ! that would be the best ! :( 
"USERNAME castle time ! don't forget to check n USERNAME in for your sticker . URL i still have an hour :( 
USERNAME always breaks my heart on here . but it's so sweet that she always does what's best for her girls . 😢 
thinking abou t.t he memories USERNAME and i have had >>>>> 
teen mom 2 is stupid . i miss the original teen mom ! 😔 
certain songs make me think of eddie . :( i miss him 
at least its not the angels . rt USERNAME your first look at mark mcgwire in dodger blue (via jon soohoo ): URL 
can't do youtube videos now since everyone decided to start making them 😣 
USERNAME your mom worked for my dad and my whoole family has met you but me and always joke that ill actually get to meet you :( 
gonna miss my girls :( ( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
it's easier to pretend that you don't care than to share your feelings 😔 
USERNAME i miss them too but they're not the same without hector ! :( plus no discount lol 
USERNAME hello ;) you probably won't see this but ... if you do can you pretty please rt or reply please ? 😢 ily so much 💜 
i work hard at maintaining/building relationships with people i care about . what can i say ? i wear my heart on my sleeve . ❤ 😔 😢 
USERNAME i get on twitter before i go to bed though . 😔 
aww i'm sad , real talk ! ! :( :( :( 
my stomach always gets so upset when i'm stressed out 😔 
glad that USERNAME came out to the game , even tho she talked all thrash to me :( 
why do i not ever know what i want ? 😔 
i hate having pinched nerves in my back . i'm in so much pain :( time for a hot shower , cup of tea , and reading a book that isn't a textbook . 
USERNAME i didnt like that either they have to realize its not her fault n that it must hurt her to make that decision smh :'( 
i don't want to study for a and p ! i don't i don't i don't . ok ill start . 😔 
the saddest moment when you realize that your anklet fell off 😢 
id do anything to keep jeremiah here with mee :( 
USERNAME 😭 i can't be cordial damn ! ol mean ass 
#in6thgrade i liked one girl ... and she moved away 😭 💔 
#in6thgrade i had a more steady relationship status than i do now #pathetic #sadtweet 
#in6thgrade a was a short , chubby loser with no friends 😞 
#in2ndgrade me and USERNAME were bestfriends .. but he doesn't remember any of it .. 😔 
i'm in such a crappy mood :( #urgh #nopointintrying #blah #wannagotosleep 
USERNAME because it was funny , not true .. god i'm so sorry .. excuse me while i cry under my covers . 😭 😭 
i'm tryna play baseball maan . a nigga feigning lol 😔 ⚾ 
USERNAME you liee when you say something isnt wrong 😣 
USERNAME oh i was not aware of this when i got to class today . what a great surprise it was ... 😭 
#in6thgrade i used too come home everyday 2 hours later than my mother told me too & get my ass beat 😭 
okay fuck it im not friends with either of you anymore ): ill just wait till you guys break up ! 
slight #thirsttrap rt USERNAME 😔 rt USERNAME my vagina is hibernating for the winter . 
USERNAME omg whatt ! i need to learn to shop smarter 💔 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME most definitely not working for me :( URL 
#in6thgrade i had the most embarrassing moment of my life 😔 
USERNAME yes ma'am ! wish you could've gone ! :( 
USERNAME arinn pleasee follow me ? i hate that u don't see my tweets but everyone elses :( 
USERNAME man no one tells me when these stuff happens ! lmao i had a night class too . :( 
the relationship i have with my whole family<<<< #whathappened #fml 
USERNAME your welcome ! when you and my maddie graduate i am going to cry like a big baby 😔 😭 
USERNAME fell off the face of the earth ... when will the new season be on tlc ? 😥 😔 
#in6thgrade i discovered makeup . and big o told me i looked like a clown 😔 
#inmiddleschool we lost an amazing person . rip robert we'll always remember you 😔 
#in7thgrade i broke my foot and had a cast and crutches for 6 weeks ... it was so inconvenient :( 
i'll probably cry tomorrow . i hate crying in front of people but i doubt i'll be able to hold it back 😔 
USERNAME awe ! ! ! :'( i miss you too baby girl , this summer we have to reunite 💜 #missyoubunches 
i miss her kisses hugs but mostly her <3 <3 :( 
i'm foreal crying at these #in6thgrade tweets from rainbow kids 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 
#tweetyournickname 😔 because my friends are really nice to me 
want something to eat but i'm too lazy to drive 😔 
ew i think i've got a molar growing in . it hurts :( 
USERNAME i love and miss you too ! hope you didn't forget about me :( 
#in6thgrade i took recess for granted ... i miss it now :( 
it's like you know when im happy & then you just happen to find away back in my life & ruin it 😔 
can't we just go a day without arguing ? your always fuckin pushing me ! 😔 
i regret stopping with him it felt so good it was just to many emotions going threw my head :( 
USERNAME lmao ! i miss USERNAME 's the #redline . 😢 
USERNAME i know :( i remember like all of it ! 
phone is morely liking going to be off work 2weeks maybe more #fml 
USERNAME bahahaha literally . i think we were crying at the same time 😭 😫 
oh yeah i forgot . i made tyler mad today :-( :'( i hope he isn't mad at me tomorrow 
craving a pickle from speedy stop 😞 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME aww ! :-( i wish you and USERNAME were here ! 
can teachers please just put in all the grades already ? 😔 
mood destroyed because my dad is an asshole . fuck you dad . 😭 😡 
gave up on my dreams tired of chasing it its not worth it if u cant share it with your mom thats the main reason why u dream :-( 
#in5thgrade #in6thgrade #in7thgrade i never received a gambatte award 😢 
i am so past being just sick 😭 i just wanna breeaath 😢 
USERNAME no i didn't :c my parents had to pay for all of it . but like i didn't get financial aid either which sucks 
USERNAME but its how i feel ! ! ! 💔 i just miss you and USERNAME and USERNAME so much ! 😫 i never get to see y'all or nothing ! 
i'm so sad that USERNAME is leaving me in a few days :( ((((((((( 
ciara is going to be fine , she's strong , never gives up , full of energy . she's going to be fine right ? right ? 😥 #prayforciara 
i miss taking to #oomf all dayy ... #disappointmenttweet 😔 
USERNAME i haven't started . i wont till like another hour . #fml . #collegeprobz 
i wish i had preordered black ops 2 ... #sadtweet 
i hate driving a truck ! ! my made needs to hurry and get me a new key made . i miss my car more then anything . :( 
when your hero tells you their dissapointed in you <-- one of the worst feelings :( #imsosorry 
dr . reid is gay and my life is over :( 
i look like rudolph the red nose reindeer ): #cold 
just watching teen mom 2 is already giving me extreme anxiety ! #mommyprobz #teenmom2 #ijustcant 😳 😁 😣 
USERNAME i know :( that was the last game right 
it's already seven why aren't you donee i miss you :( 
USERNAME i feel bad too as i was reading i felt her pain like i dont get it and she a sweetheart who loves her fans :-( 
stetson library should invest in more comfortable chairs and students would be encouraged to study longer ... #justathought #butthurts 😞 
i think it's time to start anti-aging treatments :( #prematureaging 
#in6thgrade USERNAME USERNAME and i were always together ! #whathappened #missyoutwo 💔 😭 
just 6 more hours and ill be in my big comfy bed t.t come on time , go faster pls 
USERNAME wish they still had that milk 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME someone else will probably bring you some then i would look stupid .. 😔 
:( going to bed , so upset with myself , goodnight #notintherightstateofmind 
#in8thgrade i had this loser teacher named USERNAME , and he used to pick on me in class . & made me pick up trash in model un .. :( 
USERNAME i don't know what i would have done ! ! 😥 
guess i have to wait to watch teenmom2 ): # sadtweet ! ! 
#in3rdgrade i left school 8 & i was so sad :( 
USERNAME awhh hun ! ! you never told anyone about it ! ): i would've been theree , </3 
i keep forgetting to remember to pray for my ccd praying buddy shelby ! :( #badprayerbodyrighthurr 
USERNAME USERNAME riley i texted you , but you know its nine so meh :( 
i guess i'll try again tomorrow . that was an #epicfail . ended up with a mash of icing/cake and what looked like the world exploded ... :-( 
rip charlie , you were the best rescue dog ive ever had :( 
quan: let me do your hair me: *touches hair* him: stop moving , you mess it up all the time , turn around me :c tfu 
- sometimes i think i didn't so enough too keep yu around . but maybe i did ........ yu just chose to leave regardless . :( 
USERNAME idk lol 😢 i'm gonna change that . starting next week 
USERNAME i didnt get your text ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME boohoo ): so sad . how you been ? 
#roger has a pt but sadly it won't hpn :( rt USERNAME federer wants faster courts URL #tennis #espn 
i hate driving a truck ! ! my dad needs to hurry up and get me a new key made . i miss my car more than anything . 💔 😔 #sadtweet 
USERNAME i wanna go nude but i’m afraid of chipping my iphone :( 
USERNAME business will never be the same under obama :( hence my local cafe is closing down because of federal goverment 
USERNAME yea , i love your hair ! lmfao i want to kill the lady all she did was trim it but it looks like she took 2 inches off 😥 
i wanna take a girl in date to the movies to see breaking dawn part 2, but who ? :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME lolololololo .... that ice skating trip ... aww . poor thing . :( lol 
i can't say that i'm ready for snow . i feel like i just saw some in switzerland ... 💔 ❄❄❄❄⛄🌀 
my boyfriend's waiting in line for the black ops release and i'm just here doing nothing lol :c 
when everyones rude to you and you already feel sick .. #fml #ihatethis #ugh 
noo im going back home ima miss you vegas 😥 
don't get to hangout with my boyfriend tomorrow . #sadtweet 
USERNAME who are you ducking next weekend o.o and i'm not nuts ): just hopeful thinking 
i've literally been away from kyle for like two days and i miss him 😢 💙 #ihaveaproblem #dontjudge 
my nose , fingers and toes are freezing 😔 ⛄ 
y'all i got a confession: i'm a virgin ! :-( #teamdusty 
fone finna get cut off in 2 more days smh :( 
:( i'm nice ... i deserve to be treated nice too .. 
USERNAME i never got 1 since i went to apr 😢 
sick at the exact same time my fav band ever is in town . #fml 
when ricky thinks i wont understand😤😤 😡 😡 👿👿👨👨🔫🔫 💔 💔 
USERNAME wah ): i'll be in my room in a minute or so if you wanna talk ? 
USERNAME ahh so sad ! ! ! ! ! 😔 
the fact that USERNAME doesnt have a pimp cane makes me sad :( 
password or username is wrong but it wont tell me which one ! :-( 
USERNAME i thought i was gonna die of embarrassment ! 😞 #sososoembarrassing 
USERNAME :( ! ! i'll swingg by after i leave tischh . 
USERNAME i'm leaving thursday night and won't be back till saturday evening . :( 
no more hot showers for me ! :( #firealarm #3campuspolice 
if i don't get my senior pictures by tomorrow be prepared to see the headline #notreally #butwtf 😔 😒 💔 
i really liked demi's hair blonde tho ... 😥 💇 
#in7thgrade i had a 0.8. yes i was an idiot . i know 😔 
i haven't felt this sick in a while 😷 😞 
it just ain't the same anymore when your here its like i don't even matter :( 
wow my dawg keeps fartin . ew #fml #soogross #excusemewhileithrowup 
USERNAME nope you broke it from all the rude comments you say to me 💔 
USERNAME :( :( u made me cry ; ur not answering or following me back 
USERNAME this is like the saddest thing . 😥 💔 
USERNAME one of my tables brought in mio today ... fuckers ! #hatemio #fml 
i really hope i didn't make the wrong decision 😔 
USERNAME omg you know we are . #yousayitallthetime . :( 
i'm jealous that my brother goes to every mavs home game 😭 #seasontickets #sojealous 
i wish iphones would have a sd card slot . ): i want my pictures .. 
USERNAME ugh write mine ! i still have a lot of work to do for it :( i might skip drawing class tomorrow ... 😕 
USERNAME lol i know ! ! i cant help it ... :( let me get some water ! 
i really enjoyed this extended weekend , even though i had hw . i don't want to go back to reality :/ #allgoodthingscometoanend </3 
USERNAME hell yeah they did . dumb ass marion had it out for you lol , come see me :'( 
in so much pain 😔 sick & nauseous 😷🏥🚑 #someonecomehelp 
all i wanted to do is make her feel special . make her feel as she has the world in her palms . but i can't . and in sorry . 😔 😥 
USERNAME no . diggin the facial hair . also trying really hard to get back to you - lil difficult with just a comp . :( 
#in6thgrade i thought having a sweatshirt that matched my sweatpants was so cool #jumpsuit #awkward 😞 
#in8thgrade some weird kid asked me out and i said no . and he said oh , ok good because it was a zap . 😭 😭 😭 i wasn't that ugly 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME they were all for u doe , till we got hungry :( 
i got #therucard rt “USERNAME i got a black ebt card #boss rt USERNAME oh i'm sry rt “USERNAME damn my fault 😔 rt USERNAME 
USERNAME hahaha i feel like i was about to get arrested :( 
i wish you would treat me like you used too .. and surprise me with things and cuddle in my room while we watch movies and eat :( 
USERNAME my cousin's was the size of a baseball /: and she had it for years and didn't know it . i'm sorry you have to go through that ): 
USERNAME USERNAME noo estabamos enbobadas con roberto cuando ella llego :( 
november 21st can't come soon enough--really homesick lately 😔 #8days 
USERNAME #in6thgrade grade i lost my closet best freind 😔 
USERNAME 😔 i even buttered your ass just like you asked 
words can't explain how nervous i am for this presentation tomorrow :( (( just want to get it over with ! 
#in7thgrade imet john and steve <\3 😞 how imiss them . 
in 4th grade i started getting fat and have stayed that way since :'( 
USERNAME but you talking about how you <<<< #liar 😔 
USERNAME :( i mean i could lie and say that hurt a little .. but it hurt a lot :( (( kid . 
cute texts ... i like that . but nobody really sents me those :( 
my ass tried to swallow this cherry sleeping medicine & threw it up when it was going down :( #ouch 
at first these #in6thgrade tweets were funny now im depressed as shit . i miss my old friends , school , and house so fucking much omg . :( 
USERNAME yes but it won't start until 4 am :c c 
USERNAME yess please ? ? ? i miss abby time 😭 
USERNAME the first loss is always the hardest .. :( 
😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😥 😰 😰 😰 😰 😰 <- my middle school years 
USERNAME u better miss me aha :( send mebur number so i coukd txt u 
#in7thgrade i was a cheerleader 😦 and my teacher always signed my planner 
the van is stalled out at ndc . could be the possible end of the van . 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😖 😖 
i miss my biggest inspiration growing up , aaliyah .... smh .... :-( 
i miss my best friend . i'm jealous of her husband . we used to be inseparable . now we barely speak . he gets everything . it sucks ass . 😔 
i'm at my happiest right now , & it's kinda scary .. 😣 
i feel so sorry for thors monkey .... all he does is hump it :( 
thanks guys for telling me it's snowing . <3 it just sucks living with no windows :'( 
i should be hoping but i can't stop thinking 😔 💭 
i loved middle sschool ! ! ! ! ! ! :( i mis it oode 
when syd gets sad about leaving , i get sad about leaving :( 
USERNAME my old phone did that :( i miss it . sad face . #ftheiphone 
here it is , 930 on monday night and i'm headed to work ... #fml 
why is it such a struggle for me to stay up past 9 ? ! ? ! ? 😢 😳 😱 😴 
#in6thgrade i moved to mt . pleasant , away from my bbyloves USERNAME and USERNAME 💔 
gotta pick an mj song for a demo .. can't think of any .. too many :( 
visiting my auntie helena for the last time before they pull the plug . most positive person you will ever meet ! 😔 😔 
ik im a fucking bully .. always have been 😔 
#in6thgrade i had the biggest studdering problem . i couldn't even finish sentences . 😔 
#in6thgrade i would be scared of my mom when she would get a phone call :( 
i forgot to record real housewives and teen mom :( ((( 
wish i was a math genius 😞 enough for one night .. goodnight 🌙 
i miss my biggest inspiration growing up , aaliyah .... smh :-( </3 
#in8thgrade USERNAME & USERNAME made fun of my laugh every single day . #missthemthough ): 
didn't wanna end it like this , atleast not for lia she doesn't deserve to suffer .. id gi to hell & back for my baby 😞 ❤ 
#in8thgrade i thought i was so cute with my v necks and polos 😭 
no one gave me a s/o :( ... yall fake 
USERNAME USERNAME i cant sleep without it i have insomnia :( 
i've been watching long island medium all day . needless to say , i need to get out of the house more . 😔 
i want to see the new twilight saga just because i've seen the rest and i need closure . 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME the wacom stylus has touch , then use sketchbook pro app ... or i will once i get an ipad :( 
#in6thgrade i had two friends , and hated everything about my life . #sadtweet #truthtweet 
USERNAME yess ! ! i miss those days :( those were good simple times lol 
USERNAME stephyy ! i miss you too ! work is pooey ! ): 
#in6thgrade people made fun of me cause of my hair 😭 😥 
USERNAME that was the last year i had you here :( and i thought you had a crush on me .. 
USERNAME ohh 😥 sorry girl ! hope everything gets better soon ! 💜 😘 
#confessionnight i've had strong feelings for the same person since i was 15 😔 
USERNAME see i was nice ! lol USERNAME said i wasnt :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME estaba n las bleachers donde llegan los carros ya pasaron todos :( 
USERNAME missed stuffed shells night ! #loserr #missedout # :( 
that awkward moment when your crush doesn’t reply to your messages , but updates their twitter status… 😒 😢 
that awkward moment when your crush doesn’t reply to your messages , but updates their twitter status… 😒 😢 
USERNAME omg he's so asdfghjkl fml why can't he be mine :( 
#in6thegrade USERNAME and me were together forever . ): you played that cello . #nineintheafternoon 
really don't want this weekend to end . 😭 #ugh 
#in7thgrade i was a loner at school cus i moved to la nd i ddnt kno how to mak frens 😭 worst year ever ! 
#in5thgrade USERNAME and i were inseparable 😔 miss it ! ! ! 
i miss middle school 😭 it was such a joke and so easy . 
#in11thgrade one act was off the chain ! ! ! but i wish i could go back and make some better decisions . 😔 
game over :c bulls lost . but that's still my team ! 
USERNAME swear ? 😣 i didn't see you . i was gone af . you should of said hey now i can't smile lol 😩 
USERNAME USERNAME is the meanest female in this wworld i swear ! :c 
USERNAME :( can i stay with you all night .. ! ! 
#in6thgrade i had the waviest , healthiest hair , and i ruined it :( 
love and miss you too ! :( we will facetime soon . 
USERNAME are you saying that he is not real ? ! :'( 
#7thgrade i got picked on for calling someone a bamma :( 
USERNAME i'm still waiting for mine to come in ;( #sadtweet #noboobs 
the people i work with are so nosey . and they pick on me because i'm the youngest :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i called it first ! and shes mean .. im pissed > :( 
#in6thgrade mom lived in mexico for almost 2 years and we would go visit her every weekend 😞 
she's got broken things , where her heart should be 💔 #np 
USERNAME happy birthday heather ! ! ! ! i miss her :( 
USERNAME yes :( i can't leave . i wanted to go soo bad ! i love the dolphins 
i'm so behind on all my shows it's overwhelming :( 
USERNAME are you going to hit me ? :( #abusive lol everytime we have slumber parties whenever we are near eachother , you always hit me 
USERNAME that was this morning she's so amazing . ): 
USERNAME good idea . sadly , too late now . :( 
i just want clap on clap off light right now 😭 😭 😭 👏👏👏 #lazy URL 
never mind tomorrow is a yoga pants kinda day .... #fml 
USERNAME i can play in an hour or so , but not for long . work in the morning :( 
USERNAME you're warm and and comfy and have soft skin , why arent you laying next to me now ): 
USERNAME :( poor thing ! well keep your head up things will get better ! 
USERNAME USERNAME awh i miss that so much . :( 
#in7thgrade everyone thought it was ok to make fun of the fat kids , we had hearts to 😢 hahaha 
will do ! ! i wish i was there right now 😞 we're at perkins now though ! 
i think i got boobs in 6th grade . they haven't grown since 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME :( ( thot we could discuss this no more talking thing ! 
can't shake my sad mood 😔 #sad #grumpy #tired i just want to disappear . 
USERNAME miss you :( it's cause you hate my vows .. 
USERNAME i could hear you it's okay i know i was an asshole :( girls had cooties ok 
fuck im 25 mins late ! not getting my full 8 hours of sleep 😔 
USERNAME no one will go with me 😭 😤 😰 
USERNAME i know 😔 i hate when we do this 😣 
no matter how many times i watch act of valor i will always cry at the end . love this movie ❤ 😭 
eminem juss threw a hot marshmellow @ me :( heey ! ! lol 
thanks bus for passing me by . you saw me running to you . ._. a big fuck you to you too . and i have no sweater . :c #freezingmytitsoff #jerk 
USERNAME hah i wish you could :( it would just look a little awkward lol 
#20peopleimgladimet USERNAME #missyou 😔 i don't have to fill up anyone's water bottle this year ! lol 
USERNAME i miss you so much emily ! we always make plans and they never happen :( 
#in11thgrade me and oomf played on the same travel ball team together 😊 unlike this year 😔 
USERNAME wtf , i'm not ignoring you . if anyone's getting ignored its me . how about you talk to me . it's been two whole days . #sadtweet 
trip's over ... :( (@ hartsfield-jackson atlanta international airport (atl) w/ USERNAME URL 
ughh not wanting to type this rhetorical précis right now . 😔 😒 
horse show this weekend , pumped but real pissed i'm missing USERNAME boy and USERNAME dad 😥 worst timing ever . #teamjake #teamimissdad 
imagine the day i'll be like #in12grade ... 😔 😳 
its way to windy over the grapevine ! ! ! we almost drove out the highway :( #firstworldproblems 
USERNAME karma obviously came because look whose overweight now . 😭 😔 
stuffing my face . can't eat after 12am until 7 pm tomorrow . another endoscopy bc i have the worst health issues😫 😞 😣 
#in8thgrade i tried to fight audrey so many times and got in trouble twice for hitting her .... 💔 sorry boo 
USERNAME i'm gonna miss having math with you so much :'( 
my throat is seriously getting so sore that it feels like something is stuck in my throat and i can't swallow . #fml 
my baby is using the potty frequently and doing it on her own 👏👏 they grow up so fast 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME the picture there was ugly guys on it 😔 
USERNAME i miss u too ! ! ! :( do u still live with derrik 
off finally ! damn gotta b bac up here n mornin 😔 😖 
when USERNAME gleeks in my ear and eyes , it kills me a little inside . :( 
USERNAME funniest thing of my life ! take me back 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i can't believe been so long . :( thank god it's just one more week . #usmc #l @ chez moi (hope koutsouflakis) URL 
where the fuck is my didy ? ? 😾 😾 
this guy said ‘rise and grind’ on my facebook timeline earlier and someone just told me he’s been on unemployment six months . foh . 😭 
all of my friends being in this mood 😢 #nobue ño 
USERNAME omg you're perfect 😭 😭 😭 💜 💜 💜 
gosh i feel bad when i lose a follower :( guess i'm not that interesting :( 
i do ... :( @ valley falls , ks URL 
#in6thgrade i liked this boy that just moved and he was here for a year and he moved 😔 
#in6thgrade my only friend was my imaginary one .. and even she diddnt like me .. ): 
USERNAME shut up ;) && hell nah i can't fuck with vodka ): 
argh i miss the four amigos :( ((( #cryingtweet #nobutreally USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
well what do you think about it ? lmao 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME is definitely my favorite 
USERNAME i bet you pushes her off the bed 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME my hookah is out of commission for the time being </3 
USERNAME screw you estooped ! ! ! ...... and i do ... :'( 
hopefully my alarm works in the morning because i have to be at school by 7 😞 
#in6thgrade USERNAME was still here and we were bff's along with USERNAME :( miss you guys 
#in6grade i was told i was fat useless and would never amount to anything . 😔 🔫 
ughh that text USERNAME just sent me :'( so right . 
USERNAME mrs nappi like already hates you , and we still have another 4 years with her 😔 🔫 
USERNAME now i'm just like one direction everything . #fml 
#r . i . p . charlotte 😢 😪 #littlethings USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
#in7thgrade i lost all my baby fat and wore a size 3 😔 
i feel like death and i don't have my mommy here to make it all better :'( #mommasgirl #sosick #iwannapuke #someonehelpme 
omg hahaha i miss that freak ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME can u fucking follow me yet . jokes over :( 
USERNAME hate when that happens .... there's always mcdonald's :-( 
when i'm feeling down because nothing seems to be going right , i like to take a home pregnancytes t.t henisay ,"hey , at least i'm not pregnant 
USERNAME i got new ones yesterday but grandma says i can't have them til christmas ! ! :( 
#in7thgrade i felt ugly all the time , thought nobody liked me and didn't understand anything . 😔 
i don't want to be here till 1230 😩 😭 
#in6thgrade the day before school started my hair caught on fire ........ so .... i ... had ... a ... bob 😵 🙈😷 😰 😔 
jorge m fucks with girls llike a new toy . . . untill he gets bored :c 
i can't wait for the day that the one person walks into my life and makes me happy like how i used to be again 😔 
i wonder how many people trying to text me right now 😔 this stupid ass phone 
second christmas i'll go without one of those huge bins filled with caramel popcorn , cheddar popcorn and regular popcorn :( #bracefaceprobs 
USERNAME i miss you too ! so much ! :( 
#in6thgrade i remember i wanted to play for the basketball team soo badd but i broke my wrist and wasn't gonna be ready when i got it off :( 
USERNAME i'm bout to post that shit lmaoo 😭 😭 😭 
#in6thgrade my mom wouldn't let me get dc shoes so i had to get skechers instead :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i don't think that's creepy i'd love for y'all too ! :c c i'm just going to look like death lol :( ( 
i've been watching teen mom 2 thinking that USERNAME and bentley were gonna be on here . then i figured out there not 😭 😭 😭 come back ! ! 
can i just skip to working with cute babies 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
no phone till further notice :( meanwhile hit me up through here or fb 
so i think i've decided tomorrow will be my last gsa soccer game ... :( 
that call bringing the td back really hurt the #chiefs c'mon man ! ! 😣 
USERNAME hahha i know ! ! ! i miss you ): 
#in3rdgrade the playground with brendan earl and evan were the best 😢 #missit 
half of you open my snap chats and don't even snap chat me back :( #ihateyoutoo 
i'd give anything to be in your bed cuddled up watching a movie together . 😔 😷 #sickgirlprobs #imissyou 
i wanna go on another road trip with my mains .. ): 
just heard we ready & it reminded me of how we should have won state ! ! :( 
why do i feel so empty 😔 👎 hmm .. 
USERNAME shut up and get outta my room > :[ 
it's a shame that i can't even tell you my feelings . 😔 
i need to see the new twlight . i hate not having a car here .. now i'm gonna have to wait till thanksgiving break ): 
#in6thgrade i loved this skater boy named luis carerra . </3 more like obsessed over a boy named luis carerra . he never liked me lol . 
i take it personally that nobody sends me goodnight texts anymore . 😢 
phone with burnt head , he won't help me with my homework . :( 
USERNAME girls , sneakers , i was also bullied a whole lot and just about anything else worth fighting for at the time i guess smh 😔 
#in6thgrade me and USERNAME don't to much care for each other . ! 💔 
juan changed my passcode for my phone today , & it's driving me insane cause i keep putting the old one it . 😣 
i miss my basketball bitties </3 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i don't think d'ericka gonna kall me tonight so good night 😔 
i wish my kitten would cuddle with me . :( she's going through her independent stage . lool . 
cool dustin never helps me with my spelling on tweets and then i just look stupid when i misspell :( 
USERNAME band of brothers was on all weekend and it reminded me on jones :( 
USERNAME probably one of the funniest thing of my life i miss u 😔 
my 7th grade class was the best , i miss them </3 USERNAME USERNAME 
i need a boii to do cute stuff with ! ommg guys it's just no fair 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME lol . me too ! miss your girls ! 😞 
USERNAME omg no that was when i was outta control 😔 
USERNAME yes ! ! ! i'm scared my english teacher will hurt me ! ! 😭 
USERNAME i literally slipped and fell it was horrible :( 
#in6thgrade people made fun of my mulan underwear in the locker room 😣 
chris tomlin is coming ? ! ? ! and i'm not going ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !  #crying #wahh . #sadtweet 
it just hit me that USERNAME isn't on tv anymore 😭 #maciandbentley >>>>> #thenewteenmoms 
i feel bad but USERNAME cry kind of makes me laugh a little 😔 
USERNAME oh sii es paisana mia damn tu solo mintiendo pasas :'( 
i really wanna upload a picture of my gift but i can't :( 
#inmiddleschool life was good god how i miss it </3 
anyone at all wanna hang ? i'll come to you . 😔 
don't we all just love latin homework at last minute ? </3 #latin #homework #hard #foreign #l @ bluewater bay URL 
USERNAME i miss you so much :( i want to come stay with you guys one weekend soon ! 
costly penalty on the #chiefs ... and they come way from that drive with #zero points . :( #football is distracting me from #sadoc work . 
USERNAME USERNAME wow ! fantastic episode ! ! edge of my seat the whole way . poor grace :( 
damn she lost 50 lbs over a breakup ? lol i get the reverse effect 😔 👎 #teenmom2 
stomach is fucking killing me right now . ): #fuuck . 
USERNAME USERNAME seizing i was like 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 
USERNAME the event at aau is completely full . :( i've been looking forward to this for a couple of weeks now and i wanted a signature . :( 
omg , jim jones loves his girl . his date was random but very thoughtful . aww :( 
what i miss most about a relationship ? someone to take care of me when i'm sick 😭 
USERNAME they made me switch ! ! ! :( today was my last day in that class fml 
USERNAME i couldn't compete 😞 but i woulda ran the 50 
he called me a bitch :( i aint call him 1 
#in6thgrade i actually talked a lot and i wasn't shy at all .. what happened 😔 
USERNAME me too , i honestly think i'd still go every once in awhile if it were still open . :( 
this awesome chest cold that's forming inside me 😡 😪 😥 
if i don't see my lover/bestfriend soon i might go crazy 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 USERNAME 
when you get a text and think its from the person you want it to be but then its not .. 😔 
USERNAME wah literally ! ! i miss you 😢 😢 😢 can't wait to see yew tomo 💜 
USERNAME my grey with pink on it . that only zipped down a little . like my white one . :( 
the chiefs got screwed on a td play for a holding call , and then they miss the fg . haha unluckiest team ever :( 
USERNAME i guess they count me as a star #sadtweet 
#in8thgrade my first make out session was with xavier hicks . 😔 
USERNAME i had a hemp braid and it started to fall apart so i was trying to take it apart but i cut my hair by accident :-( 
i cannot wait to see USERNAME and USERNAME 😢 #missingthem 
USERNAME yo im dying . im screwed for this shit . t.t 
omg #in6thgrade USERNAME & i liked black guys lol and they was bestfriends too lol and mine got in a fight and lost :( 
when my zipper breaks on my footy pajamas <<<<<<<<<< 😢 
#in6grade even my dog didn't like me . 😞 URL 
USERNAME thanks c reed :( i see how it is 
USERNAME USERNAME aww colt you're gonna make me cry :( 
#in6thgrade i shoved my food tray in the back of bailee rogers head because i didn't like her :( so fucking mean ! 
i miss having a best guy friend i can spend my days with and tell everything too 😔 
wishing she was still here to hold and watch movies 😫 💔 
yo ! USERNAME won't let me play her 3ds that's some bullshit ! :-( 
USERNAME lol man i miss being in there with yall :( 
#in6thgrade i couldnt ride the bus because i wasnt in the bus radius . ): i was soo uncool . 
USERNAME me too . i'm still cold with the heater on and two blankets :( ahaha 
i wish i was back in alabama with my mom watching the fireflies ... even at 35 i need my mom :( 
i had to leave to come back up the hill 😔 #steelers 💛 🏈 
#in7 &8thgrade josh & i were eachothers crushes <3 . then i broke up w/him :( 
USERNAME whoa whoa whoa ! ! what about me ? i feel like i'm being forgotten here . :( 
USERNAME haha soweeyy :( my friend was home for weekend and stayed here n went to party 
USERNAME its over now .. we loss 101 to 95 .. smh ! ! ! :( 
why does grey's always have to be so devestating ? 😭 😭 
USERNAME you're* sorry . i just had too ! ! 😔 . yea i can be your calculator . 
ahh i've never felt like this ... but i seriously do not wanna go back to fucking rshit ! 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i dint have it no more :( 
going to sleep because my mother is always in a bitch mood when she gets home from a mini vacation v.v 
sometimes i don't get what you're thinking ... 😢 i really wanna know what you're thinking or what i should do ... 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i miss hanging out with you guys like every day in the summer 😢 #memories 
USERNAME psh , i wish i was in the 11th . i'm only in 10th . :( 
i miss youu too ka' :( come heree soonn ;) rt USERNAME suddenly i miss new hampshire and all about you USERNAME :( 
USERNAME idk i just saw the article ! ! it's absolutely terrible ! :( i just hope these poor animals have a chance to be adopted ! 
the day my basement got flooded most of my laundry was still on the floor and my clothes got ruined :( 
USERNAME cause i don't wanna go back to riverside ! 😢 
work out mode ! ! ! all packed darn it ... hate this :( (at 24 hour fitness) — URL 
#in7thgrade i was the last one to run the mile . :( (((((( 
😭 😭 😭 😭 byron leftwich .. the worst . 
USERNAME your making me feel even worse now :( i cross my heart and i promise never again ! trust me ! ! 
tonight's episode of bones💀is gon b good tonight ! it might make me cry 😥 
wanna go to the hospital but don't wanna bother anyone by waking them up ): 
sad ready to go home . ! ! ! 😔 
USERNAME i wish it would have been me :( i miss you too ! ! ! 
USERNAME oh trust ... that is the plan . 😢 
i microwaved this pizza too long , so now it's hard . :( #coolstory USERNAME 
USERNAME yeah i always crave them :( but i say no . i hope i keep up my will power ! 
“USERNAME someone fucking knew we'd start popping them out at 16. #yourewelcome URL 😭 
USERNAME searched and searched for 1d special edition mags in español ... in vain . sorry fili :( #i 'maloserbaby 
USERNAME oh my goodness ! ! i totally forgot :( we need each others numbers so that doesn't happen again . i feel awful ! ! #badfriend #sosorry 
i haven't even seen the new b1a4 mv&i can't choose my bias :c 
USERNAME :( i know , dude i miss you so much 
USERNAME wahh :( that shits so good ! ate like 3 pieces at your grad party ! 
when you can't fall asleep because you miss someone <<< # :( 
my brother leaves tomorrow :( it's been really nice having him home 
you've abandoned me , love don't live here any more ... :( 
i hate sleeping without my boyfriend by my side . 😢 
:c .... if we hit a three i'll cry . if we don't i'll cry . 
s/o to USERNAME for having a short and stupid relationship with my boy . u go to my school but i don't really know u 😞 #fh 
hope i get the job at great clips tomorrow i think i'm going to go put my application in at nursing homes #newajob #broke #hateit #sadtweet 
USERNAME thank you . taking risks because arrien told me to ... not happening . :( 
USERNAME well either u didn't get my text or i didn't get urs , cause i sent the last message on my phone ! :( 
USERNAME haha because it looks good no matter what you do to it , it's not fairr :( haha 
just get me out of this house . 😭 😣 💔 
so glad i got that out of the way , i'd rather not freeze my ass off getting gas at 430 in the morning 😔 #work 
USERNAME yes babes :* i have no money for da munchies doe :c 
all this 6th 7th grade stuff is making me depressed that i'm a senior and i'm going to graduate this year 😭 😭 😭 where'd the time go 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i don't like being in my living room alone :( 
USERNAME mine teacher always smiled 😔 he was really creepy & always looked at my ass . 😖 USERNAME #mr . gaydosproblems . 
USERNAME lmao , she was my sub a few weeks ago . 😣 
seriously bawling my eyes out from this book 😭 #sosaf 
why do i bother reading social media ? ! #wtf #depressing #upsetting 
when your own mother talks hella shit about to her family and on the streets . and don't accept you & what you like <<<<<<<< 💔 😭 😥 #fuckthis 
USERNAME lol apparently under a rock haha . why ? and thats so far :( 
runaway love by ludacris and mary j blige just popped up on my itunes shuffle .. can't focus on writing this paper now ! 😢 so sad .. 
USERNAME yess :( she danced to her song den rhianna came and threw that bitch to the moon cus she wouldnt stfu 
don't come back into my life , and ruin the best thing going for me > :( 
USERNAME what omg i was excited you were doing winter track fml 😔 🔫 
my puppy was bitten by a snake v.v okay time to find every snake in my woods and rip their damn fangs out . 
why must you make it so awkward 😞 😔 😣 
USERNAME let's both just start sobbing in the middle of the exam tomorrow . 😭 😭 👀 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yeah we do our team sucks ass :'( 
#in5thgrade we made it to regionals . but i couldn't participate cos i broke my arm . 😒 😞 
man , why'd you change your avi tovar ? :c 
USERNAME i swear i didnt unfollow you ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i'll just never understand why you had to leave us so young ... :( 
damn all these memories of middle school , before you know it nxt summer ima look back at all my high school memories 😔 😔 lolol . 
USERNAME gurrl . i just miss my best friend :( i got to see hannah yesterday ... but not you 😭 😭 😭 
i really just wanna stay home from school tomorrow 😔 
USERNAME that was seriously like the best . i wanna go back ! :'( 
when someone leaves your life then suddenly connects back with you , you realize how much you truly care & miss them .. 💔 👫 
USERNAME ehh . if he comes back i will . ;-) i'm on the being liberal fb page . go take a look around . they're everywhere . :-( 
i'm sad i have no room for my clothes 😢 
USERNAME ok 😁 ... ur not the only one with the dog and food 😔 
USERNAME yeah , i'm gonna miss a lot this next week . i work a shit ton 😞 
#in9thgrade i dated a guy for almost a whole year . 😯 lol he broke my wittle heart haha . 💔 
USERNAME well u didn't see mine u skipped me :( 
USERNAME i don't according to the world ... i'm still getting hate tweets :( hahaha 
USERNAME dude i've been thinking about you a lot :( i miss you how is everything ? how is ur family ? i heard what happened in guate 
USERNAME wahh . :( this is making me so sad man .. 
call of duty black ops 2 comes out at midnight and i can't get it :( sucks being broke . 
freakin forgot to buy milk for my cereal :( poo #midnightmilkrun 
counting down the last couple of weekends i have left to spend with USERNAME before she leaves me to ski ... #sadtweet #gonnamissher 
having a job&responsibilities suck so bad :( #miccydeeprobs #job #dying #fml #justsaying #lame #lifeproblems #phuckit #tiredaf 
USERNAME & i'm so sad i can't be there tonight ... 💔 have fun💓 😭 
USERNAME #finally lol . i need to go so badly :( when it comes down to it , colorado always feels like home . #theclichetruth 
#in6thgrade chuck still went to our school . and i miss chuck 😭 
the end of click literally makes me ball my eyes out 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i know it was all kailey that time , just never good enough :c 
been a whole five days since i've seen USERNAME #havingwithdrawls </3 #notnormal 
that sad moment when you’re trying to get it on while cuddling but he falls asleep 😭 
USERNAME no hahaha 😔 not even you could honestly say that 
USERNAME USERNAME lol i wish it would change things . 💔 
werrk in the morning and i'm not tired . this could pose a problem ..... in the morning .... 😭 
USERNAME omg . how did that happen ? ! wow . i apologize . 😔 
USERNAME me too me too ! ! ! it is horrible 😭 😭 😭 😭 
to be honest i'm so damn lazy to shower . 😔 haha . 
it's ridiculous that i can tell when i'm going to sick , before i'm even sick . that's how easily i get sick , all the damn time . 😡 😠 😞 
my shoulder is killing me ... it hasn't hurt this bad since pt was done . i think it's the weather . 😖 😢 😭 👎 
okay now iwant sum sloppy toppy 😔 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME ouch ... i don't even remember what i look like without it though , what if i'm ugly 😔 
i really need to invest in nba league pass 😔 
#in3rdgrade or #in4thgrade i lost a good friend .. r . i . p . i love you . 😔 ❤ #riptyree 
USERNAME aww :( that's so sad ! that's crazy that he's still working , is good tho that he tries . i feel so bad 
USERNAME wow and i liked you in the seventh grade 😔 😒 
your gonna miss me when i'm gone ! 😔 😚 
-- i wish i could play the piano like this guy in the practice room :( #asianproblems #whydidiquitpiano #shouldvestuckwithit #yzproblems 
USERNAME did you know one time i tweeted you over 50 times ? #andyouneverreplied #andyouneverwill ): 
USERNAME yes baby ! i wanna see you too it's been too long 😠 💔 💔 
just realized i havn't seen my first bestfriend since 5th grade :( 
i'm dreading this walk from the library back to the dorms #toocold 👎 😞 
USERNAME packing on the makeup on my left eye omg miss this :( 
USERNAME well in afraid only you can enjoy that game lol , i don't have it 😣 
USERNAME ctfu , you even made me cry like 😭 😭 
im so tempted to text you ... but ill wait till you think about me /: #ithoughtyoumissedme </3 
#in7thgrade i got so drunk with serena and leana and i fucking threw up by serena's room cause i couldn't remember where the bathroom was 😞 
haven't talked to #oomf all dayy ! ! )) ): thank you soo much USERNAME sikee ! ! ! 
rockets should have won . smh jeremy lin . 😔 #choke 
back in middle school , we went skating every friday . now i work there every friday . #lolz #fml 
#inkindergarten USERNAME made me cry because he snapped my favorite baby blue crayon in half :( #bully 
USERNAME i told u not to bring it up that icarly is ending . it makes me tear up all over again :{ ( 
USERNAME wahh don't say that , i'll cry :( 😭 💔 
been up since 6am , i'm so damn tired , i just wanna go home shower and sleep ! :( #badday #tiredaf #exhausted 
i dated that guy till the 8th grade and we just broke up last year . 2 1/2 years of a hard working relationship gone . </3 
so sleepy but i want to watch the end of teen mom 😞 
USERNAME yeahh ... can't remember how that feels :( #bracesprobz 
USERNAME loli think she does it to everyone and she made my hand hurt during the volleyball season :c 
okay i'm ready for a back transplant now 😣 😩 
i tweeted nick like 6 times and he won't answer me 😔 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 we need to hang out . 
USERNAME i wish i could have made it ! she left me 😔 , next time ill make sure i get directions to the right one haha 
#in6thgrade i was the biggest chonga in falcon . the bigger the better .... hoops i mean 😔 
USERNAME pssht same thing they were both great years , i mean if you left 4th grade then nevermind thats a terrible year ! :( 
2 jobs (2 chainz voice) 😏 😨 😥 😱 💰💰💰💰💵💵💵💵💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸 #cantwait #hustlehustlehustle #moremoney #coach 👜👝 @ citadel outlets URL 
:'( you will never ever notice me or follow me <3 3 still love you 
it's sad how your real friends live so far from you :c 
i'm only getting like 10 people gifts this year . excluding parents ! so ... sorry if you're not on the list ! haven't won the lotto yet ! 😔 
#reedfamilyfhe #familyelection2012 #vplisa2012 just slung mud at #thom4veep2012 by saying she wears the suit in the family :-( 
USERNAME lol my first bf cheating on me ? :( it hurt lol . 
USERNAME :( hun i barely see you anymore and i absolutely hate it ! ! #hangsoon ? 
as soon as i get done putting away and cleaning my room my aunt comes in with another load of clothes #fml #needmorehangers #biggercloset ? 
i wish a friend , or my boyfriend would live with me during these 7 1/2 months . i get so lonely at night 😢 
don't even know what to do with myself . so boredd :( (( 
ughh i've never guessed this much on a test :( 
USERNAME love you :( i really hope you're okay ! 
(731 ): she was grinding on him and then she was eating a big mac . who the hell brings a big mac to the club ? 
noo roethlisberger 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME i honestly want too but my parents would chop off my face :( 
USERNAME :( them high school happened & small schools separated us . <<<<<< we use to act a donkey on fripp though lmao . 
(630 ): i have to shower first , i forgot i peed on my feet last night ... 
USERNAME fucked up at warsaw (december 21, 2012 ): brooklyn , ny , us URL 
USERNAME tell me why we dated as many guys as we did 😔 😒 
USERNAME USERNAME at iheartradio theater presented by: pc richard and son (november 27, 2012 ): new york , ny , us URL 
#in5thgrade i lost my first best friend . my great grandma . </3 
omg i love my boss ... missing cherry on top :( #cotlove #kellyisthewoman 
thinking bout bth myy baybiess i lovemm even doe one ovemm aint hea :( 
#in6thgrade my locker was full of pictures of oomf and i racing ! and katie made fun of me :( USERNAME 
omg this little monkey almost blew my eardrums . 😣 
i wish i was living with my parents again :c 
#inmiddleschool i was a nobody , oh wait i stand in the same position 😔 
just great ! i think i lost my reading journal , chances are my grade for biology is just gonna keep going down v.v 
USERNAME yes it long overdue ! i work all weekend :( what you and colin doing wednesday ! 
demarian has a dr appt tomorrow .... nervous about this ct scan ... and i have to go alone .... i'm used to this tho #singlemommy :( 
:'( you will never ever notice me or follow me <3 3 
#in8thgrade shit hit the fan and life blew up into pieces . #rip 😔 
(901 ): this number has temporarily been disconnected and will be restored to service once you get rid of you girlfriend . 
the only thing that really bothers me is that i constantly get elbowed in the eye and smacked in the face by armpit smell , at concerts 😞 
USERNAME yes i diidd lol . so no shop until we drop road trip until i get another job :( 
#in9thgrade i brought USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME to the movies the same night and played all of them and made them cry 😔 😔 
USERNAME anytime ! ! 😁 girl it's so cold ! ! ! ' and icy ! ❄❄❄❄❄❄💧💧❄❄ 😡 😔 
USERNAME i'm giving up tweeting u; ur not tweeting me or following me back :( #imsadnow 
wish i could talk to you but you said you will only hate me forever 😔 
USERNAME do y'all have a 3rd qb ? ? ? yikes . :( 
USERNAME yup .. which you shouldn't have to fucking feel that way . but you do every damn time . ): no matter how bad someone hurt you .. 
😞 😣 😔 😭 😢 😶 🚶___🔙___💃 sometimes ithink idnt deserve her . 
USERNAME same :( props to her for putting up with all my shit . and then i had her fiance sophomore year and i was obsessed with him 
USERNAME i like asbury park without being drunk :( but really , i kid . i'm in atlantic highlands baha 
USERNAME now that i leave ? ? ? ! not cool pat .. :( 
USERNAME USERNAME so sad , everyone's tweeting about teenmom2 & i have to miss it right now ): ugh ! ! 
#in8thgrade i got my first kiss from USERNAME and i missed .... 😣 
USERNAME blake please ! ! ! read the poem i made for you ! ! dont let me down :( URL 
i wish i wasn't the way i am now . 😥 
USERNAME sigh ... 😔 well you should still apply just as a back up . pv was my back up back up back up school . lol 
USERNAME that's why i have no idea . did anyone get it right ? if so , sadness . :( 
sulit na sulit rest day ko dahil sa sakit :-< was planning on going out :( 
USERNAME lol omg , i was so mad ! but i miss those days ! ): 
sighs .. my rockets lost 😔 better luck nxt game ! 
USERNAME it's not well known how much the military dogs sacrifice :-( 
USERNAME but i heard she moved school so now i'm even more sad 😞 
i'm nauseous ! i'm soo sick ! ! ! i feel like passing out yet i'm off to the studio ! i hope i make it through ! :( 
hate the fact that i have a huge window in my room , and its always cold now im sick :( 
#in6thgrade i was really tall ... then everyone else grew :( 
#in6thgrade getting a left you with this face all day -----> :'( 
USERNAME i know ! i like saw you fr a good 5 seconds :( 
i miss him :-( but i have to get caught up in my class ... 
random israeli woman (in hebrew ): are you single ? me: yes . her: looking for a woman ? me: no . 
USERNAME to bad kayla called me up ugly lol :( thought was my friend . 
i just love the stories USERNAME tells me on the phone ! ssiikkee . they suck . 😔 😔 🐻 
wish i could drive all the way to nyc just to stalk the boys :( 
USERNAME i know ! but i don't want you to be mad 😞 
my crush ain't been on twitter all day really :( 
can someone tell me how to jailbreak my phone ? :( 
#in7thgrade i got my first c ever in home ec . #depressing 😰 
USERNAME it's true . i miss you ! ! ! 💔 
#oomf used to be really sweet and quiet freshman year . now she thinks she's fabulous and she's kind of a bitch #whatashame 😔 
damn can i get my dick back you had a little to long :( 
but seriously we cant lose harrison before the biggest game of the season . #steelers #fml 
USERNAME sounds like fun wish i could i drink i have to work in the morning 😔 
i hope i'm not sick the days i'm with him ... that would mean no kisses ... 😣 
(515 ): i hear fucking christmas music . i'm going to find fucking santa and tell him to suck a dick and shut up for the next month 
she said she ngnw .. but she did <|3 :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME no worries . gonna pull out the carpet and shampoo i t.t here was a lot of beer spilt in my car this season 
i hate going to sleep late on a school day 😠 i always regret it in the morning .... 😞 💤💤 
i'm a double tomorrow , logan's then show mes and then on wednesday it's show mes then logan's ... jesus these next few days are gonna suck :( 
USERNAME no longer has service , my face will be permanently 😭 😩 😔 until i can talk to him again . #sad 
USERNAME you should talk to me again :c but in a different way .. hahaha 
USERNAME i wish i could have a convo with elena so i could put a amazing personality with that perfect face 😣 #fangirl #inmydreams 
watching stepinac's poto . ❤ ❤ 😘 😭 😭 😭 
you know your life is depressing when your top three most recent emojis are 😔 😴 and 😢 
finish cookin ... :'( holidays arent the same nemore ... just another day ... 
i miss the adventourous adventures if USERNAME & kalene 😔 
“USERNAME #in6thgrade my bestfriend had end of the year party and moved away USERNAME your such a cutie 😢 
it sucks watching other people get proposed to sometimes , and all you can think is ... what about me ! ! ? ? ? :-( 
(561 ): i think people like me is why alcohol became illegal at one point 
baby sounded so sad on the phone . he's basically a lost puppy without me 💔 
wish i drank that contaminated water at school before they shut it off so i had a nice lawsuit :( 
i wish ... nvm it doesn't even matter . 😔 
damn you pandora . on a good day ... sigh ... 😢 ❤ 🌟✨🙌☁☔🌙🍃🍂🌄🌃 
thanksgiving and my birthday are coming up and it'll be the first ones without my grandma here .. honestly not look forward to either one :( ( 
ack .. i don't know what to do/say anymore . ): it's hard to force someone to like something they already hate . 
USERNAME meh :( how's your paper coming along ? i'm here too ! ! 
USERNAME i've got friends over :( i might see you later ? 
#in6grade i couldn't reach the top of the lockers . 😔 wait i still can't #awk 
miss my friend , USERNAME never has time for me anymore ! 💔 
USERNAME uhh ! ! if you had told me like 5 minutes ago i would've had a ride .. but my parents left and i have no ride ! ! :( next time ! ! 
USERNAME ok i'm closing it right now ! ! ! ! :( 
#in8thgrade i had a class with the best bitches everr , miss that class soo much 😔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
don't lie ... it's only funny bc he's fat ! #smh foot in mouth ! 😦 
fuck i was the shit in middle school : / i really miss it :( 
USERNAME i miss you too boo :( you fell off 
USERNAME i will always just be that weird kid who could grow a beard 💔 
i just noticed that i forgot to text USERNAME back today :c 
i will , i'm almost out of absences anyways 😭 
USERNAME i miss you more ! i wish i was going home for thanksgiving :( i better see you over xmas break ! ! 
so damn tired and facebook is so not user friendly tonight . or ever ! goodnight . back to the real world tomorrow . #fml 
when i told my mom she was sleeping then she jumped lmfao and asked me questions every single day :( 
to the announcer ... the chiefs haven't thrown the football w this awesome field position because their quarterback sucks . wr's too #fml 
no one seems to get that about me ... words hurt me ... a lot :'( 
USERNAME miss you too 😢 girls night soon ! and i won't get food poisoning and have to leave again😷 😨 😨 
i just want something real and i just want to be happy . is that too much to ask for ? ? ? 😔 
USERNAME yes i got some homosexual issues :( (( URL 
USERNAME nah i can't bro .. i work saturday 😞 i'm gonna try to ask off if i can though ! 
omg my brother just put in insidious i'm going to have nightmares for a week ! ! 😫 😱 😥 
wiz khalifa on thursday and still don't have tickets 😔 😔 
seriously just want things to get better <3 #syria #god #please #heartbroken :( 
#in12thgrade i cried because twitter invaded my mind with horrendous middle school memories 😥 
#in8thgrade the last day of school i got i . s . because of isaiah dem damn i was pissed ... i could've got away with it . :( 
i hate workin mondays ! ! please no ticketing issues ! ! 😞 
i actually had a good day ice skating . mostly cause i saw my bf which happens once a week . 😔 who knew brooklyn was that far from manhattan ? 
can't believe my daddy's birthday is so close and it's almost been two years . #misshimsomuch :( 
i'm stuck outside my house till my parents get home from nickelodeon :( 
#in8thgrade i got made fun of everyday 😔 ....... #notfun 
came to the old house with my dad . first thing i thought of was #bruno . :'( 
USERNAME i heard riverton or some elementary school . but i did see her over the summer with her fiance but i didnt get to say hi :( 
USERNAME i want hawthorne tea room scones and tea with you right meow :( 
USERNAME yeah and then you broke my heart and made me 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
aww USERNAME takes cute pictures but she's ugly in person ! :( 
wish i new sooner .. it would have hurt less 😰 💔 
i wish USERNAME would come spend thanksgiving and christmas with us 😔 
USERNAME that's what i would do if i was cool enough to own a pair of glasses like yours , but i'm not :c 
i got 2 i . v drips going they done poked my arms six times ... ! ! ! ! ! *screaming* 😣 😫😫😫 @ summit medical center URL 
trying to see the beautiful things in life are hard to do when those things aren't there anymore .. #sadtweet #fuckmylife 
USERNAME thats very true always haha i love u :( 
can't believe i used to pop 6-9 coricidin just to get high . that shit is so bad for you . 😣 
haven't had early morning sex in a wild :( ... 
i miss my sis USERNAME she don't ever hit me up or nothing smh 😢 
USERNAME woo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! <3 love you ! miss you ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME last we talked u two could not stand each other now ur both fine but bri doesn't like me :( 
USERNAME lol noo ! i wish . 😔 i meant for like hair stuff . 
i miss my daddy , he's in afghanistan . he's my hero . love you daddy , be safe & come home </3 
USERNAME USERNAME i can't come :( i love you both though 
USERNAME flavia says that all the time ! ! i feel so bad 😥 😓 😔 
i fall for you , and you hurt me .... 😞 
#in8thgrade i tried to snap on asya for no reason , mind you i had no reason to snap . sorry asya . i was being immature as fuck . 😒 😞 
s/o to all the girls i ever played or left you for your bestfriend . im sorry . :( ((( 
USERNAME pretty sure this is the last week to buy them :( 
USERNAME trilogy comes out tomorrow , but .... #nospendnovember 😔 the struggle ! ! #whatdoido 
i'm so pissed . i'm like , starving but i refuse to eat . i can't taste shiit 😔 😞 😒 
USERNAME sorry i got twitter hacked ! :( that was a fake message 
i kinda added another body paragraph in my essay derived from my notes ... i hope she doesn't notice :( #fml 
i wish USERNAME was coming with me this weekend :( 
USERNAME you could always add a little chicken🐔🌈 haha ! ! please do it ! .. idk , i'm not good at public speaking . i hate this stuff . 😔 
USERNAME fuck your imojis i have a droid lol & i dint see you either i asked liddo les les about you :c 
random thought: just because mb doesn't like your picture on instagram , doesn't mean they haven't seen i t.t hey probably be like , “damn ! " 
mine would be to see my grandma one last time 💔 
USERNAME i know ! i miss youu so much :( (( 
USERNAME :-( i dunno , but i at least got the one for my personal fb page right ... 
4 hours and counting .. still not done studying 😞 
#in9thgrade all the 12th graders would 12th grade walk you .. 😢 
i bought nicolaus cologne for his birthday two days ago & he hasn't even worn it yet , ok :( 
#in6thgrade i went out with deshawn 😔 it's all USERNAME fault ' i can't stand her 😒 
#in7thgrade i met my sis , bestfriend , lifesaver , other half and allthat USERNAME and i wouldn't trade that for the world👭 💛 💙 💜 💚 ❤ 💔 💗💕💓 
#in6thgrade i wanted to be in high school soo bad ! ! ! now i wanna be in 6th grade again :( #sadtweet 
i never knew feeling like this would get me so far in the dumps ): #sadtweet 
#in9thgrade i learned people aren't the same as they used to be 😔 
USERNAME can i get a follow back please , if u dont you'd made this lil boy cry :( <- le me 
fixing up my room . i don't want any furniture :( 
up until like the end of 8th grade i was as awkward as awkward could get 😞 
queria poder dar um abraço de feliz aniversario na minha nena :( ((((((((((( 
USERNAME i'm so embarrassed ! ! ! ! ! noo ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME you will never notice me . i love you tho 😔 
i didn't even see it until now . #omg #imsorry :'( 
can't believe i just spent a whole hour scouring out krogers with plantain chips because everywhere is sold out #epicfail 😔 
#in6thegrade my cell got stolen in from the locker room at cameron 😢 
i miss my brother .. it ain't the same w/o him 😒 😔 
why is it that when i lay down to go to sleep the pain starts ;( #fml 
nope :( phil is a guarantee ... d'antoni just brings more uncertainty ! rt USERNAME y'all like the lakers coaching decision , holla back 
i feel so sick . but i can't miss school . :( #fml #help #prayforme #rip #pusey2012 #dead #kissme #dateme #jk #actuallyyeah 
USERNAME edeh . lupak ndah . jaik berik kat aku sorg ou . :( 
#in8thgrade i made a huge mistake , tht i still pay for til this day 💔 
#in9thgrade my heart was broke for the first time 💔 
#in6thgrade i thought USERNAME was the love of my life . #fml #dead #history #puppylove 
reading by #damienechols how horrifying to spend 18 years on death row for a crime you're innocent of ? USERNAME 😔 
every time i think of when you were supposed to be here .... i just can't take it anymore 💔 💔 💔 
worst fucking news i could receive at the worst possible time #fuckk 😔 😣 😰 🔫 
USERNAME well you don't need a lot of staff if they don't work :( ! 
i get so bored when cali goes to bed 😔 #entertainme 
USERNAME i know right ! haha aww i still love him but we don't talk anymore 😔 
#in8thgrade i got swine flu , and that whole year alec would call me piggy .. 😔 🐷🐽 
feeling to tired 😢 and i got 4 hours to go 😔 
USERNAME omgg so happy you got a date ! ! ! waiting on mine 😾 
super glad big ben got hurt . there goes my fantasy season in both leagues . #sarcasm #fml #mnf 
im finna pray an go to bed im just angry & need to cry thats all taking a walk before i sleep ... :( but i will never be bak again 
crying right now , because i'm yours , but i don't feel like it . </3 
#in9thgrade i lived all by myself ... i wish i was still in 9th grade </3 
showered & laying down . feels so weird without boo right next to me :/ shea only around the corner but still :( USERNAME 
#in6thgrade USERNAME USERNAME and i almost got suspended 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 #fuck #dirtyminds #damngame #myfault 
USERNAME same ! i'm not here enough to go to planet fit . 😭 
a anniversary on thanksgiving was to much like perfect spending it like a family and everything else butt it won't be perfect . 💢👊🙇 😞 
it hurts soo much that your own boyfriend parents dont like u ..... :'( i never had that hapoend be4 :'( #sohurtrightnow 
#in6thgrade i waz so hype i could almost touch rim and niggas didn't belive me and i waz like 2inches away and i still didnt get credit :( 
USERNAME damn .. nd all u can do is laugh at me :( 
USERNAME 😥 😕 👎 i hope everything works out lisa ! ! ! call me i you need me ! 
manee when ' i lost my nigga daquwan i lost a part of me ! 😔 😪 😭 
my boyfriend either goes to bed to early on my or makes me stay up forever 😔 
USERNAME i knoow , i tried hanging out with you but you never texted back hahaha 😔 
#in9thgrade i lost a friend near and dear to me ... 😢 💔 #ripalicia 
hopefully you won't be in my dreams tonight , because i know i'm not in yours 💔 
#in8thgrade i had the best class with the best bitches ever . miss that class so much 😔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
what the eff 😱 only in my dreams 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME ah , dammit . i wanna go see my future wife kristen stewart . :( 
USERNAME me too , i was even more upset when my mom told me we were coming back , but not to belpre 😔 
lookin to the right , becuz u left :( ((((( </3 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ok , so sad cause i'm missing teenmom2 & everyone's tweeting about it ! ! ): 
USERNAME ugh ill actually miss it . i don't even want to go but i guess you make sacrifices for the ones you love 💔 💜 😕 😥 
USERNAME lmao everyone tells me to sell it to them but its not up to me . 😔 
i don't have anymore pictures of the fall 😞 all the trees have lost their beautiful colors . 
USERNAME yes omg ... i just wanna be skinny :( lol 
thank you for bring back past memories > :( #fuckyou #bullshit #gothefuckaway 
USERNAME shut up i actually have to try in that class ): 
:'( i need help with this ducking paper ! ! ! ! ! 
how can i mean nothing to you , when i'm over dying for your heart . 😞 
i wish USERNAME had an iphone so i could use emojis when i text him :( 
USERNAME nasa kalahati pa lang ako ng skeletal . nagtagal ako sa digestive . ff . :( (( 
that cough medicine has me sick to my stomach , not cool . 😷 😣 
USERNAME ok👌 but i don't think i could play with anybody cause my gamecenter don't work 😣 
i'm just goin go to sleep before i start 😭 😭 like a baby smh #nite 😢 
i wish me and USERNAME talked to eachother like how we use to but now we hardly even speak to eachother :0 :( 
USERNAME lol i disagree i was a faithful as they came 😔 
USERNAME no i just wish people would subtweet about me :( 
i just wish my mommy was here and not in spain :( 
USERNAME i've been tryin but i dont think ill be able to get my shifts covered ): u could find another ride down &i could bring u back ? 
USERNAME at the doctor ? ? me too so sad :( 
annoyed , upset , irritated all at the same time .. 😒 😔 😤 #badcombination 
the cold is making my couple of noodle scar red again 😐 😢 
rip cartilage piercings ... see you again next summer 😢 
it's like no matter how hard i work at getting a job , it just ain't happening ... never been so stressed out in my life . can't stop cryin :( 
USERNAME had another consert i couldnt go to :'( i wish he came to california i want to see him so bad 
not watching the voice cause i'm still upset USERNAME is gone 😭 
leaving USERNAME tonight <<< #besafe #missyoualready 😭 😕 😐 😧 😟 😰 😥 😩😫 😞 😁👎 
USERNAME i miss you come see me soon please ! :'( 
i honestly need the love of my life to be home now from he duty ): 
USERNAME USERNAME i do remember that like yesterday my tushi still hurts 😥 
USERNAME aww this makes me so sad :( i wish i was there but i'll def be going to watch the last one ! #nerdalert 👽 
lovee teen mom 2 but i miss USERNAME and bently 😞 
omg i can't even keep my food down ...... 😢 😷 
i swear he hates me 😤 😔 always on his phone 📱 URL 
i think im going to die .. i have been sick for the past 3 weeks .. #fml 
#in8thgrade i lost a friends that meant the world to me . can't go a day without thinking about her . 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME we can do it still .. i need to get my flow back though . we dont free style at my school :( 
USERNAME aw :( i really wanted you to come ! 
#in6thgrade i cut off all my hair and still regret it . </3 
USERNAME i feel like i wouldn't look good with a sock bun i can't even do my messy buns anymore my hair is too long :( 
#in6thgrade i had my first fight & honestly i got my ass beat :c lmfao 
#in6thgrade #in7thgrade and #in8thgrade i was the new kid cause i kept changing schools 😳 😔 lol & i was horrible at making friends 
USERNAME frankie never got a sucker lmfao aww :( we were all such assholes 
#in6thgrade i wore size 0 and i still wear size 0. #smh #skinnyproblems 😔 😣 😞 
kristen & rob look gorgeous tonight ! ! so sad it's the last movie in the saga :( #breakingdawnpart2 #twilight #premiere URL 
why can't someone do this mini essay thing for me ? #sadtweet 
USERNAME awhh i missed you too :( i missed everyone , it seems like i've been gone forever ! :o 
#in4thgrade i got in trouble everyday cause my raccoon looking ass vice principle mrs . damon *tweeted by quaasia* 😞 
USERNAME and i didn't even get to work late . :-( 
#in6thgrade i was just about the tallest one . then everyone caught me after that . 😔 😔 😒 😒 
#inelementryschool i was the tallest kid in my class . #whathappened ? 😔 
USERNAME it's literally going to be hell . 😱 😧 😟 
USERNAME always that actually . to me at least . :( 
none of my first tier friends are metal . :( 
#in10thgrade i got soo drunk and past out by 6pm . pissed my pants in bed and my parents found me and hated me for a few months 😭 
#in10thgrade i was in math class and my cuz pretend to be driving over a speed bump and said it was my tits cuz they where small :( lol 
USERNAME yay i haven't seen in almost 6 years 😔 
the one year i actually get a flu shot , & i actually get the flu . 😞 
USERNAME well , please tell jesse to try and find a way to get in touch with him ! and i hope he is gonna be okay ! omg . i'm so worried ): 
bout to hit these sheets , i dont feel to good :( 
going to sleep early cuz i feel dead anyways :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME miss you to zach :( 
#in9thgrade i met USERNAME but now he is in 9th grade again .... #confusingshit 😔 
USERNAME haha no i knew but i wasnt sure of it , im sorry </3 :c 
i think i might be getting sick :( someone come take care of me and make me feel better lol 
USERNAME aww i miss angel ! & yeah it sucks :( 
USERNAME :( i remember that ! ! ! ! me and eliza were so upset . /: 
no heroes allowed fits my mood so well right now . </3 
USERNAME i know ): she called me and adam dirty rotten crumbs .. 
#in6thgrade i created my own chain text messages 😔 so embarrassing 
oj&vodka with USERNAME before she leaves me ! ! 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME whitney hasn't followed me yet so i couldn't tag her :( #roadtrip #beachmani 
i'm jelly i want a hug :( *sighs then hugs pillow* 
USERNAME i guess we will never knoww :( haha ... ill hopefully be brave enough to ask one day ! doubt though lol 
i miss how early i got out of my old store when i closed :( 
#sadtweet ” i love you bestfriennd ! 😊 💙 💙 ” i love you too best friend ! 
#inmiddleschool nothing exciting enough to tweet about happened #goodietwoshoes #fml 
USERNAME i have 2 different USERNAME posters waiting to be framed 😔 
my night went to shit :-( great ! oh well tomorrow is a new day 
#in8thgrade my dad always made me go to my kickboxing classes and accidentally broke his nose while training 😔 
i wish someone would text me .. can't sleep .. lonely :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME aww ! i can't i have school tmrw ! :'( hate my life now . 
when USERNAME breaks my heart by wishing bad things upon me <<<< #crying ;( </3 
USERNAME this story gets brought up entirely too often :( 
ugh i really want hot chocolate ! with extra whip cream ! anyone willing to get me one ? anyone ? yes ? no ? no ..... okay ): 
just took down my picture wall 😔 😭 📷 sosososo many memories ... 
the fact that anthony said he was ganna hurt mee <<<< :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME oh lawdd ! hahahaha ! the times we had ! i miss being young 😭 
okk is seriously need to close my fricken eyes and force myself to go to sleep ! #school #early #fml #hate #4moredays 
i didn't get my first kiss til 8th grade . i wanted to save that for marriage 😞 
#inmiddleschool i never had the balls to ask USERNAME out 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME true ... haha those were the good days 😔 
#in8thgrade was when i got pretty :'( last year lol 
i hate when i chew on my straw so much , i'm no longer able to drink through it :( 
7th and half of 8th i played for teams . but i had to quit cause of surgery ... yeah i was sick all the time :'( ( 
car battery just died ): luckily my jumped it right away ! i need my own jumper cables doe . 
USERNAME sorry my phone died earlier and i forgot :( pwease dont be mad at me <3 love you ! 
making a trip to the gym tomorrow 💪💪 i've been slacking 😔 
i can't believe this freaking out ! 😢 #areyouserious #whyyouhere 
in11thgrade i have long hair and still pull no bitches :( #badlucknik 
and 😒 😞 😔 again . hearing this is killing me ! ! 
#in6thgrade i received head for the first time , and it was amazing , s/o to t.t . from camac st out in philly if she still on the block 
even doe he's not allowd bac n gause st ..... :-( 
i was pee pressured to do it 😔 i was so scared ! 
#in6thgrade im in .6th . i . don t.t alk were . a . little . bit of makeup fight with the boys who call USERNAME and one . direction gay etc . 
i wish me and #oomf could actually talk about our problems instead of this small talk over text ... 😒 😔 
USERNAME fuck youu , im so hungry 😞 im justt laying down next to my dogg , im lonleyy .. lol 
#in6thgrade me USERNAME and USERNAME were always together . #missthat :( 
fml i'm not gonna be able to sleep tonight :( 
USERNAME i miss you oh so much . 💔 💔 💔 💔 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME thank you ! if he gets one text mee the number ! & girl , i can't believe it ): 
don't be telling me that i changed , no no my attitude or mentality hasn't changed one bit , what changed are the feelings you have for me 😔 😒 
i taught a great social media workshop tonigh t.t he ladies were so enthusiastic and eager to learn more . thankful for all these opportunities 
wish i was able to say that i've already been to worlds 😔 
so sick :( can't even imagine getting up for school tomorrow :( #toobadihaveaphysicstest #sick #feellikeshit 
#in9thgrade i had to move out of people's way again 😔 
miss my friend USERNAME never has time for me anymore . 💔 #shitidontlike 
don't feel good wish he was here to rub my tummy ): 
- i was lowkey sad that USERNAME was being fake towards me << :( 
seeing everyone on facebook all .. makes me feel even more #lonely 😔 😒 #fuckit 
i'm about to order pita pit cause i'm hungry again 😔 
#inelementary i never got to go to mill hallow . :( 
USERNAME hollyy shit that was like hell🔥 😧 having satin himself as a teacher😈 bitch was crazy ! ! 
well obviously you don't miss me enough to let me back into your life , 😭 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! & oh i know ima cry ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME this is jut a bad way to meet us all :( 
my parents got rid of our home phone . we have had that number all my life and i am sad over a phone number . goodbye 638-6483. 😭 ☎ 
USERNAME USERNAME aaron ? respond to the man's question 😧 
#in7thgrade when me and USERNAME were close , lol look how much we changed like look different . 😘 😔 URL 
#in4thgrade USERNAME and i got matching eden charms for our dennis bracelets then she moved to falmouth the next day 😭 
#in6thgrade i was a loser ... and sill am . 😞 #nofriends 
my childhood was great i wish i could go back :( 
in 6th grade i was so unhappy 😞 that was one of the worst years of my life .. & now 7th grade is just as bad ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i never seen none of the twilight movies .... soo i don't wanna go 😔 
USERNAME i wanna go back to middle school know what i know now 😖 😭 😫😩 💔 
#in7thgrade was the first time i got cheated on :( 
the awkward moment you realize its illegal to date any of the boys :'( 
#in6thgrade i tried everything to get USERNAME to date me . still haven't to this day . #sadtweet 😔 
i don't really have a grandma anymore ... 💔 😕 
i miss my danielle , i gotta come see you soon USERNAME ! ! :( 
oh don't worry , i didn't want you to text back anyways . ✌ 😔 
teen mom is back ! too bad it won't be the same without USERNAME #depressed . 
USERNAME hahaha i missed it :( idk where i was ! ! ! 
USERNAME hell yeah i love it , had to settle for the regular :( 
USERNAME so many memories , and fun times ! i miss youu 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wait what did i doo ? :( (((( 
USERNAME USERNAME haha cuz he isnt here . but i wish he was :( #friendsofricki 
why does a big mac sound so good right now ? 😢 🍟🍔 #fatgirlproblems 
i'm going to be spending thanksgiving in daytona ... 😔 😑 😞 
USERNAME gah that message i sent you wasn't even everything ): 
so sad there are only #5episodes of #gossipgirl left :( what will i do with my mondays #sadtweet #longlivegossipgirl 
when USERNAME decides to turn off the headlights and its pitch black outside 😒 😭 
i miss you USERNAME saw ur sis today but why cant i see u too :( :( :( :( :( 
USERNAME lmao i know , omg i miss you 😭 😭 
bought nella some new socks today ... but her foot fungus was quick to rain on our parade 😞 USERNAME URL 
waiting in this line to get call of duty ii with some nerds & USERNAME at walmart 😔 
#in8thgrade coach biondi was a dick to me & USERNAME .. 😔 
USERNAME tengo ganas de un abrazo de oso .. 😔 😞 🙇🐻 
USERNAME 👎👎👎👎👎 no r&b cuz have u to hotdamn #sad 😢 
oh my god i miss rainbow so much we were a family #brbcrying 💔 💔 💔 💔 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i wish i had boobs too 🙈 😔 💔 #acupprobz 
#in6grade hatim & john greco fought in the schoolyard & hatim ripped his shirt off 😭 😭 😭 
preordered black ops ii months ago , cant even pick it up tonight 😪 😓 😰 😭 😫😩 
#in9thgrade USERNAME was my best friend .. i miss 9th grade ): 
#in12thgrade i realized how much i loved our senior class and we all got so close ! #missyouguys 😭 
sitting outside the parking lot looking inside the gym ! i refuse to go in :( 
i didn't even need a coat on saturday and now ... well you know 💔 #illinoisprobs 
USERNAME funny , i just watched that on fb . oh and i tried getting tix to evita via the promo email last week - it failed me :( 
USERNAME noo i wanted you guys to win it all ! 😭 well maybe ill see you tomorrow ! ! 
keep seeing everybody talk about girl scout cookies .... where's mine ? ! 😩 😭 😱 
now that i stopped texting you , it made me want to text you even more 😔 #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME anthony says he will take a large order of that ! 😳 😦 
USERNAME haha please ! hopefully the second times the charm ... 😔 
USERNAME hate you don't follow me :( ((( hurts me haha 
USERNAME paris . i am your #1 fan let me ahppy special this hollidays thankingiving or christmasmy is broken give me gif t.t hank 
i feel so stupid when it comes to gold well color :( 
USERNAME you promised me i'd be in your fb one :( 
USERNAME wow . u didn't even get a chance . 😞 
that iphone 5 sitting at work just teases me :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME aww :( wish you could go ! ! ! 
USERNAME i trully love u i cant hadle this i want to have comunication with you :'( 
USERNAME :c aww what i aint nothing but a whore;o 
USERNAME omg lol girlly i miss you ! ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME aww em . no i miss you talking all the time :( </3 
USERNAME i knoo ! :'( i miss youu ! you were the best ! lol are u goin to garner . ? 
#in7thgrade i was on the volleyball team . i really miss it :( 
uh some people should not be allowed access to a dvr ! all my shows are gone :( uhh ! worst mood ! 
i'm gonna study for my psychology test and go to sleep ! this little lady is tired 😔 
USERNAME lol . poor kevin :( i'm really considering it ... hm 
i want to sleep but i didn't like my dream last night so i'm scared to fall asleep now 😔 #prayingforgooddreams 
#in8thgrade USERNAME watch me get bullied everyday in homeroom by angelica rayment :( lol 
#in3rdgrade i got git w/ a tether ball and my mouth and nose was bleeding :( 
USERNAME i don't have my computer with me 😔 maybe later ! ? ! 
i'm going to sleep goodnight twitter don't want to deal with anything else just a bad night :( 
USERNAME i can't ! ! ! 17 chapters to summarize by tommorow morning 😥 tommorow night ? 
USERNAME i forgot ... and wasted it ... 😭 😭 😭 #imstupid 
USERNAME right ? ! omg you'll have to tell me about it ! i bet you're just done with being mcdonalds slave 💀 😔 🍔🍟 
USERNAME we're gonna work hard to sell tickets , they dont deserve to be ripped off ): 
USERNAME we act like we hate each other since we never ever see each other 😢 👎 
my baby not real , he don't wanna come cuddle tonight ): #sadtweet 
USERNAME :( i miss you , im gonna like cry </3 because you unfollowed me ... 
USERNAME </3 i remember the day like it was yesterday . i love you ! 
USERNAME bitch i'm the boss . throwing that bucket like my day job 😢 
USERNAME i was thinking the same thing . i never have someone to study with . 😞 
USERNAME ah okey , pero tu solo buscas de ida vdd ? ! el redondo sale mas , por eso son 400 :( , ya quisiera yo asi poder ir a arg . pero ps 
the kid is nuts lol . soo mean 😳 😔 😕 
nobody to tweet , text , call , none of that 😔 
just finished walking dead … saddest episode yet . 😭 😭 
USERNAME friendship ? ! i thought we were more than that ... 😥 🔫 
USERNAME soo many memories ! we had such good times 😢 
i'm so tired at with right now that i keep telling ppl good morning ! ! #fml 
USERNAME i know ): lol & congrats for what ? 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i miss that . :c ... p . e . was the best that year ! 
no no no no no no no no no no no ! 😭 😭 
#in5thgrade kaitlyn shaved my legs for me for the first time , she promised she wouldn't cut me and she did :( lol 
USERNAME hey bro your # deleted itself :( text me again so ill have it 
#inmiddleschool i was like 2 ft tall . i still am like 2 ft tall . it sucks 😔 lmao 
did glee first listen , the only thing you should listen to is . the songs seem slow and boring not upbeat @ all . sad ! :( 
my brother #andrew is gonna kill panchito im nervous :c 
USERNAME oh hey kellie ! why'd i let you go ? :( 
USERNAME USERNAME omg . why does everyone still hangout but me ..... :( 
why can't i have hair like USERNAME ? wahh :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss those days when us 4 would hang out at my house & ride an just everything we used to do 😥 
finally had to take out my neck piercing :( what a depressing day 
why is almost falling in the shower so freaking scary ? 😣 #mylifejustflashedbeforemyeyes 
my phone is getting no type of play tonight :( 
USERNAME i know & i need free apps man #fml 
#in7thgrade while everyone was watching christmas movies i had to do work all day ): fuck you ms . mugrove . 
USERNAME 😢 😓 😪 😥 😰 😭 i wish i could leave tonight but i have gauge .. so come see me tomorrow ! :( 
USERNAME haha oh maybe i dunno when i'm gonna come back i have like two tests and a project due the week i come back :( 
i seriously miss my best friend ! ! ! ! ! ! ! </3 USERNAME 
USERNAME dude thats like valentine's day ... so yeah i'll be free #sadtweet #wherethememobitchesat 
i'm ready to crawl in to a corner and just cry . i want to be home . :( 
#in5thgrade i hated my class , got bullied and cried everyday ! i was actually quiet ! i was ugly and way too tall ! it still burns 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i don't even know ... i felt so bad though ! ! 😔 
USERNAME im not going to slleep until harry follows me ... so that means im gonna stay up all night :( 
USERNAME you're funny lol i would've given you one for free ! ! ! only problem is i work in baytown so it's a little far ): 
the one night i don't have to work or do any homework .. she falls asleep :( #ohwell #videogameshereicome 
wish i had money to get another tatt over break 😔 💸 
i didn't get to see oomf due to the drama i was in this weekend :( 
#in6thgrade me mercedes and koya were bffs ! <\3 i miss them ): 
USERNAME USERNAME 😭 👏 😭 i love you guys 😘 💨 
i feel like i get sicker & sicker each day ! 😞 
really need to paint my nails .. but i'm too lazy . 😔 
dam my drug dealer got arrested theirs so many cops at his apartment complex :( 
soo i got black nail polish in my hair .. and my nails are wet soo i can't get it out #fml 
#in6thgrade USERNAME made kevin act like he was in love with me .. #hecalledmecupcake it was so embarrassing . the high schoolers laughed .. 😞 
USERNAME that is sadly true :( man i was an awful child haha 
USERNAME reno every time words come out of your mouth . they make my day . but me too :( 
USERNAME i obsessively keep checking the application statuses online :( there's still time for us to join the army ... 😔 
at least i still have my cat ... 🐱 😔 
USERNAME di naman nya ako pinapansin love . 😔 😔 😔 😔 
focused intently on everything except what i should be focused on 😞 🔫 
i have so much going through my head right now 😣 
i can check my instagram , tweet , and reply to a text in 5-10 seconds #sadtweet 
i never get invited to six flags by victor :c 
really hard to leave sd this weekend :( miss everyone already 
USERNAME best friend i am going to ! ! ! hopefully tomorrow if i . get rid of this headache ! was going to today but i slept all afternoon :( 
USERNAME sorry to hear it . they’re such a part of the family . :( 
mike yelled at me so bad i didn't wanna look at him i was so so scared :( i'm terrified when ppl yell like that :( i'm still crying over it ! 
#in8thgrade my ny accent went away at the end of the year :( 
USERNAME haha yayy us , lex & bran have some friends lol .. i swear i miss being younger though ! :( 
#in6thgrade i hustle with energy drinks and principal found out and took them away :( 
watching 108 hours: a father's trip to iraq ... so sad . 😔 😪 
#inmiddleschool i had the smoothestt razor #teamflipphone ! but no one else would text and i ran my bill up 😔 
i'm so overwhelmed , frustrated , upset , and stressed tf out all the time :( 
i just can't do my math homework cause i don't know how 😞 #algebra2 #wheremytutorsat 
USERNAME tell me about it . your on your own next wednesday tho . :( 
USERNAME use to hang out with USERNAME and i then became to popular to recognize us #humph 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i was there earlier today :( should have waited 
USERNAME thank u and if u and mark push through whatever is going on y'all can out last us :'( :'( 
USERNAME my mom won't let me stay home ! ): < 
just unprotected my tweets and now i feel very unsafe ! ! :( 
USERNAME oh no :( i'll talk to my bank , they usually wave every fee i've ever had . 
would appreciate if everyone made dua for me tomorrow , i have a really difficult calculus exam :( #prayformoaz 
missed my lift today because i was sick ): thats really no excuse though /: 
it's funny how i live with my love USERNAME and i haven't been able to hang with him at home since friday 😔 come home ! ! ! ! ! 
#in6thgrade i used to be one of the tallest kids , now im one of the shortest ... 😔 
fuck , finally done working out and playin ball and now i got this fuckin homework to do when i get home 😣 😲 
im craving taco bell ! ! ! :( on this fucked up day ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! #annoyed #justwannaeat 
the things these people are tweeting make me feel ... 😣 
#in8thgrade i lost someone that meant the most to me .. my grandma 😥 ! & every time i think about it i get teary eyed ! 
USERNAME me too ! stupid work . 😔 but you're not causing drama . josh is just being dumb . haha . 💁 
USERNAME i miss you too 😔 & yeah it was . it's been so long since you guys have seen me . 
now , going to bed . goodnight 😣 😴 i hope tomorrow works out good .. #wishfulthinking 
USERNAME i love you too ! i miss my home girl 💜 😥 
#in4thgrade i moved too riverside 😥 i was sad too leave all my friends from l . a ! but i got over it . 
USERNAME USERNAME ... i'm not even sure what you're talking about . now go to sleep , your computer's light is bothering my eyes ): 
USERNAME i miss you 😢 // the summer crew 😭 😭 😭 😭 
when USERNAME tells me to snap chat him and he doesnt chat me backk ... #sadtweet :( 
#in8thgrade there was a lot of ugly girls there :( lol 
USERNAME USERNAME if you hate it then it'll hate you too :( 
my USERNAME headphones keep breaking .. i think they’re beyond saving this time . 😔 
USERNAME lmaoo omg ! ill call you from the pod :( phone is cut . 
when i want to help someone feel better and all they is im tryna help :( 
i uunderstand thay you will never talk to me even if u was famous </3 
now i don't think i can sleep tonight because of this credit card thing :( 
omgosh i'm still thinking about the question about either never shave your legs or tweeze you eye brows ! cant decide :-( USERNAME 
USERNAME cause of you ! i'm not going to 7th hour ! 😭 
#in6thgrade i didn't talk to the 'cool' people . 😔 
USERNAME yea yea of course ... and omg sho dawa , i miss that :( #olddays #shodawa 
too many ghost bikes . :( mt USERNAME sad news: cyclist fatally struck tonight in allston URL 
USERNAME lol goob . i know , it saddens me :'( hang out sesh soon ! 
i can't believe my brother is leaving to kuwait tomorrow 💔 #gonnamisshim 
USERNAME reno everytime words come out of your mouth . you made my day . but i feel the same way :( 
your not a good friend anymore , i feel like i lost you ): 
USERNAME i guess the 2 that are opposite are going to be the action-reaction pairs ... i'm not sure 😔 
#in6thgrade i got my hair cut super short and everyone called me alex 😔 
annaville needs a fucking starbucks ! i would go everyday ! it would make so much money ! -_- i want some right noow ! :( 
i miss USERNAME spending the night at my house 😢 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME come back you sexy piece of meat :( don't get mad at erin i stole it mwahha URL 
USERNAME yes retail sales are down but sad :( ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME right ? ! the price tag is hefty as shit though . #sadday 
we all get to regret next 4 years with dems . :( 
twitter wont let me change my name to erika fucking calvert #sadtweet 
i miss USERNAME ... come visit me . :( ( #pweasee 
#in6thgrade i used to always wear sweaters ._. like and shorts; and i hated shaving . #yuk #fml 
USERNAME i'm not comin back , you're mean to me 😣 
i told julian guess what ? he says you got a job ? . noo . i was just gonna tell him about my paper now it doesnt seem that great anymore . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME fuck ya high scool changes ppl 😞 
damn i think i'm catching a cold . 😔 😖 
#insecondgrade i always got my teeth pulled out by claudia ): #scary 
USERNAME , awwh . :( , she having them back to back ? ? 
USERNAME i can't believe you :( ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME no i've been walking around for about 2 hours 😥 
every test i've been raped so far in orgo .. i feel like romney won after-all 😭 
USERNAME aww i wanted to get some lessons from her :( 
USERNAME are u sure ? ? how do u know ? :( 
#in6thgrade i cried for like 3 hours at school the day after USERNAME broke up with me bc she started dating alex hearn :-( 
USERNAME i know . i was think sam stahp :( but it's all good now ! hahaha . 
USERNAME thanks jenna ! miss you too :( you will be seeing me at like all your games tho ! #loveyoumore #goodluck #nhspanther4ever <3 
USERNAME dang it . that decreases my chances of winning something :( 
#inelementaryschool i cried my eyes out bc the kid i was like inlove with told me i spelt study wrong and he laughed at me .. 😔 #iseeyou 
time to go to bed = when all the thoughts run threw my head . things i wish would happen :'( 
#in6thgrade i got braces and cried all day because i felt ugly and people laughed at me ! 😔 
my breathe is gone . . . 😔 😪 goodnight 
when anthony says i can't go to sleep <<< #butimtired 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
it's 8 pm , and i'm just getting home from a 10 hour shift of free labor . this is going to be my life for the next 6 weeks . #fml 
i'm sure this week will be such a drag .. 😔 
ugh imma just quit before i do or say anything i'm going to regret #fml 
i have the worst headache in america right now :( 
USERNAME that's what i was going for . my friends also hold me they only hung out with me because they were afraid of me :( 
my phones at 4% battery . no charger until USERNAME brings his to work tomorrow for me ! :( #sad #goodbyeworld 
i hate that my mom has logo tv , and i don't ! :( 
USERNAME omg , i miss him 😔 i remember i cried , when he came back & i saw him . 
😭 😭 , i hate people now ! that why i'm on my own ! i'm done ! 
USERNAME niice ! i'll figure mine out soon , also trying to decide where it will all fit… most wall space already taken 😔 
thanks guys ! i miss the good ol' middle school days ... :'( 
#in7thgrade i would edit my facebook pictures with picnik and add a bunch of hearts and sparkles bwahahaha 😱 😣 
USERNAME i hate you ! ! i want this deal so bad but my new debit card hasn't came in :( ((((( ugh fml 
USERNAME he is a shepherd hound mix ! i don't want him to grow up though :( he's too cute ! 
USERNAME noo :( and come over i need your helpp 
that always makes me want to cry my eyes out :'( 
#in8thgrade everybody wanted to get me in trouble when we had study hall w/ mr . kearsey 😔 😒 
USERNAME thank god we didn't or we would've been fraands 😔 
“USERNAME i just really miss USERNAME already . and USERNAME me too 😥 
even after all this time has passed .. there's not a day that goes by that i don't miss you or think about you 💔 
USERNAME hahah i need to pack now ! #slacking :( #notcool 
i hate it when i get home & my dogs are barking .. i get scared and run like a little bitch 😔 
leavin this week to colorado can't wait but gonna miss my babe :( USERNAME 
i'm already tired of and it's not even halfway over ... </3 #hairyboyfriend USERNAME 
#in8thgrade i met one of my best friends USERNAME i miss you bb 💔 
USERNAME dude me too we need a family reunion and we all split up after that :( remember skipping class going to mrs . mitchell's class . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 ahh i want 6th grade back 
USERNAME hey ! i miss you . i ate asparagus yesterday from long horn but it didn't taste like yours . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME same it's sick how fast time flies :( 
the new show #catfish comes on next ! pretty excited to watch it . these people are idiots , but i feel bad for them . 😒 😔 
USERNAME i can't find your channel :( can you write the name again ? 
horrible ending to a great weekend 😔 😔 😔 glad my family is so strong to get us through this one .. 💔 
wtf is luck . all i know i'd i have none of it . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME might have to give up dee/castellanos/pederson or something 😣 idk just random trio guess 
oh onto old volleyball videos ... here come the tears 😢 #missitsomuch 
depressing ass moment when you realize there is no late start tomorrow 😭 
i haven't gotten a full nights sleep in 2 weeks 😔 
can't turn back now , i'm haunted . 💔 😣 
#in7thgrade i liked USERNAME while she was dating USERNAME 😔 #sorryalejo #idontthinkievertoldyouthislol 
USERNAME omg , i'm remembering everything he did for me now 😔 
#in9thgrade i met the love of my life . 💔 #gonnamisshim 
USERNAME jealous ! i tried transferring to bakery all year , and i couldn't :( i should re-apply & we should work in bakery together ! 
it's so hard when someone close to you loses a pet . it's like losing one of your own :( you were a great cat , peppy . 
would much rather be laying with my baby right now :( 
mom jokes don't work when directed at your brother :( 
was working 6days , then 5 days , now 4 days a week 😧 #thestruggleisreal 
USERNAME breaking dawn part 2 but are we drinking friday then :( 
last year went past soo fast .... i dont really remember nothing from last year 😔 
i forgot i'm ugly & therefore i get no love . 😭 😭 😭 
forgot to turn the heat back on before i left this morning ... aahh ! ! ! aahh ! ! ! 😦 ❄⛄⛄ 
i could really use some cuddles right about now 😔 #lonelynight #cold #noonetowarmmeup 
i used to be soo skinny minnyy . :( (((( 
USERNAME look at me when i was younger though ! :( ((( URL 
this is why i never do durastic things to my hair :( people are mean . 
USERNAME i do too ! ! ! i jst went thru old pictures in my photobucket and his face was everywhere :( 
thought that if i opened a checking account i'd be a lot better at saving money . so not the case . #helpmeimpoor 😔 
USERNAME it's not like i wasn't in trouble anyways :( 
who am i kidding ? there's no point in tweeting you . you never reply; you never have & never will . ): 
i cant believe its been two whole years already . alex forwerck you will forever be in our hearts . ride in peace </3 
#in8thgrade i went out with isa & was the proudest moment at that time , then she broke up with me after a week :'( 
why can't things just work out for everyone ? :( life is hard for us all . 
damn i aint even got no boots winter coat or nun yett im lackin ... i just aint ready for this winter #fml 
that bath did not help me feel better ... i am not up for getting out in this rain to go to the airport :( 
USERNAME i'm sccuurredd . :( but on the bright side you're gonna be oldd ;) 
USERNAME i hate living out here , nobody wants to do deals . :( 
#inmiddleschool i moved a lot and just kept all my boyfriends 😔 #teamhoe #sorry 
boughtt this hella cute pair of red leggings & they're too small :'( 
without a doubt , the thing i hate most about #t1d is that i absolutely cannot workout if my blood sugar is too high or low . :[ 
i thought i would wake up at like 4 am but it's 11 #fml 
#tweetamemory when i backed into USERNAME the first day i met USERNAME 😳 😣 
USERNAME me too actually 😔 i wanna be at the gym . i hope you feel better love . just keep your head up 💜 
USERNAME aww i dont have anymore strawberries :c my other sister lol got a chocolate covered bannana & it looks like a you know(/.\) 
my head hurts and i got drunk before 6pm :( now im sober and dead . bye . 
next year shantae will be half of 30 :( ( 
worst pain i've ever felt ! ! #fml #killme #toomuchpain #cry 
USERNAME awe /: i really wanted to meet you guys :c 
#in8thgrade i saw my first naked lady ... walked in on my grandma in the bathroom 😭 
"rt USERNAME when you see it URL so much for sleeping tonight ... :'( #scared 
USERNAME please don't tell me you a pittsburgh fan . smh 😔 
#in9thgrade i had the best time on poms it went crazy after that 😒 😔 
the struggle to find the right indoor gloves because your hand is so big . 🙌 😔 #fockeylife 
USERNAME yep . 😔 we were so so so stupid . 
USERNAME still makes me wanna gag hahaha but #truth 😢 glad you're okay ! ! ! 
#in8thgrade al my teachers hated my guts for no reason . bitches told me to shut up and im annoying and gave me detentions up the ass #fml 
really wish i had someone to take care of me .. : 😔 feel like death .. 
trying to pack but i can't get off my bed .. i'm so warm ): #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME ahww poor me :( lol i still dont remember o; 
USERNAME me too i'm sorry :c . you and vicky are fighting now though ? like all that beef on social networking is with you and her ? 
USERNAME i have to study or ill be in college forever :( text me juicy gossip guys ! ! ! 
movie and pizza with my baby before he leaves for pensylvania ! ! :( trying to enjoy every minute of our time together ! ! 
USERNAME and ms . simpson 💔 💔 i would trade everyone i've met for 6th grade back 
USERNAME USERNAME oh okay ... you really are cheating 😔 
such a bad picture ., thanks USERNAME ., but i wish i could go back to this and tell him what he means to me . </3 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME no i don't want to get rejected once again .... 😔 😳 
#in1stgrade i feel face down , ass up off the stage during a christmas concert & everyone laughed . 😳 😔 
my lower back is killing me ! ! ! 😔 #ineedamassage 
5hrs later ... back at my room from the library with nothing accomplished . it's gonna be a longg night 😔 😞 
i said i miss you , missen you insane </3 
watching a bugs life and wanting to cry cause its exactly what we used to watch </3 
wish i had money for the rva tattoo convention . :( 
USERNAME because of stupid shit its a long story :( 
USERNAME :( first time i ever do it and i know people are gonna talk . 
USERNAME i don't do aau anymore so all the meets are far away ! :( if i do sign up for one i'll let u know ! 
so the best date of all time would be to go get black ops 2 tonight with USERNAME and stay up 24 hours and play , but we got school :'( 
feeling a bit on the lonely side . i miss the feeling of family :-( 
take me to another family pasta dinner :( hahaha USERNAME 
#inmiddleschool i weighed as much as i do now :( #fatkidprobz 
holy moly i can't handle my life right now :( 
USERNAME damn i was gonna say we could be bus buddies :( 
to blow trees by myself , or to find someone to tag along ? 😧 
#in6thgrade i use to get freshcutted every 2 weeks :( 
growing up i was fatty patty ... oh wait i still am ! lmao #somethingsneverchange :( ahaha 
i wish i didn't have to go go work tomorrow ! :( but i need a new pair of shoes .... #nuffsaid 
me too 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i go to retweet you all the time then realize that a can't 😣 
i don't know what to wearr tomorrow . :( USERNAME 
USERNAME no no lex ! don't grow up ! :( ( loll 
he's probably going to a magnet school though 😭 😭 i just have that feeling 
damn , i was really hoping it would read 1k instead of 1,000 ... :( 
USERNAME lmao yeah man all the way up to freshman year your locker was next to mine but i don't use them anymore 😔 
i have never been kicked out a house until last night when they kicked us out and told us harsh things 😔 😥 😤😤 
just saw another caterpillar outside :( saw one last week too :( #uglyworld 
#in6thgrade i didn't make it to any of the brave buck incentive things :( i blame it mostly on phil and kyle massey gettin me in trouble 
omgg im at work tonight and im gonna miss #gossipgirl x_x USERNAME :'( 
great ... a tv show about relationships starting online :( 
USERNAME where have you been ? ! i used to see you everyday . :( 
USERNAME tell me about it , now a days itks all drama ! he was so tiny now he's all big and shit :'( 
USERNAME u should just be quiet .... :( lol ! 
i just hate going to hospitals all alone . 😢 🏥 
i had some limited edition elites that i loved wearing to bed , and i lost them . :( 
USERNAME wahh :( ( don't worry i'll be there soonn ! ! 
my son is going to be 8 months old tomorrow . which means in 4 months , he'll be a year old . excuse me while i cry . 😭 😢 😭 😢 URL 
leah does look depressed and super skinny; ugh hate stress it really does take a toll on your body 😳 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME sii ombee con ete bajo a mieldaa no le qutamo a nadie :( 
is it weird that ... i so badly want a baby .. ? #sadtweet 
USERNAME hmm ! ! idk lol :( we will figure something out lemme think :/ 
USERNAME i'll tell you on thursday . long story . you hear about mike ? :( or did you not know him ? 
#in7thgrade i dated USERNAME ... then i broke his little heart 💔 
#in6thgrade i asked the teacher if she ever gave someone a blow job 😭 😭 
USERNAME if telling the truth is rude then i guess i am 😔 
i did a lil bad on one of my quizzes , im erked lol 😔 
i miss everyone i chilled w in middle school , like i talk to only about five people still ... #sadtweet #inmiddleschool 
so tired , not even in the mood to communicate . 😣 
USERNAME me and you both ! i know that's what i'm missing the old times 😢 when we all hung out all the time .. 
USERNAME you broke my heart .. goodbye :( lmao ! ! 
peace out epcot :( #foodandwinefestival #2012 #redzone @ epcot parking lot amaze URL 
didn't take my nap and didn't fall asleep before 9 #fml 
i miss when mah car slept in mah bed with me #missmahcuddlebuddy 😿 
USERNAME i'm back home :( on my next days off ! 
#in7thgrade me and USERNAME took a picture in math everyday . 😢 📷 
USERNAME i can't even remember ! we need to hang out though :-( 
USERNAME she is 12 will be 13 next month 😣 
let him know it's so cold here without him .. </3 
i can't stress how stressed i am 😞 #onemoreweek #biology #calculus #work #labpractical #death 😷 
#in6thgrade my best friend lost her mother and moved away #sadtweet #missher #secondmom 
new max today 265 on the bench 😁💪 that means new goal trying to get 275 by the end of the semester #goodgymday now back to hw and studying 😞 
i don't like watching scary movies by myself i need a cuddle bug #shitineversay #ineedsomelove 😔 💔 
USERNAME i was gonna give you my famous bear hug 😞 
USERNAME dam bro i applied but they never got back to me :( 
i just wanna cuddle and sleep . #wah :( #girlproblems 
i lost my favorite pair of sweatpants . #waah :( 
wahh , why won't this headache to away 😰 😥 😭 
i hate when i don't get goodnight texts from USERNAME #sadtweet 👎 😔 
USERNAME me too , all because i rode your bus on accident the first day of school , caused me 2 years of bullshit 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME crying :( i love you all so much 
USERNAME you haven't contacted me either and sorry my stupid life consist of nothing but work and sickness :( 
i'm gunna miss my dad this week 👎 😥 #annualdeercamptrip #lonesome 
that sad moment when you have to break down and take out you comforter :( 
i want black ops 2 so bad 😔 i just don’t have the monies right now 
USERNAME i thought i did :( sorry i suck :( 
kelsey will never let me live it down either 😭 
USERNAME wow thanks for replying to me ! ! ! :( 
i'm so mad at myself right now because i spilled a whole bottle of water in my bed and everywhere i lay is wet and cold fml fml 😳 :( 
USERNAME haha , she knew her feet were terrible ! i sat in the front row :( 
tomorrow is my last day of driving freely for 90 days . wahh :( #fuckyoupenndot 
blahh . saying i don't have much stuff to do tomorrow before work would be an understatement . 😕 😣 
#in2ndgrade ; i had my first surgery , on my mouth , & i had 7 stitches on the roof of my mouth , & 9 on my top gum :( 
and i missed booster bars and girl scout cookies 😭 
no being able to be with your girlfriend ... :( florida is so for away ! :( 
getting my waves rubbed >>>> it's just so comforting & soothing & makes me sleepy 😣 
USERNAME i really tried to make it happen :-( vo may be going home tho . miss you too 
i want to hear all about USERNAME 's interview but i don't think she's receiving my texts ! ! ! :( :( 
#in5thgrade marjory camp me & USERNAME were bestfriends . i wish we still were .. :'( 
hahahaha USERNAME snapchat >>>> god i miss that girl 💔 
USERNAME no cause i've always message her ong fb and i got nothing back . . :( 
#in3rdgrade we use to play silent speed ball with a soccerball i was the first one to get out or lose the ball or talk :( 
#in8thgrade i got suspended for ... we all know what :( 
where are you when i need you the most :( . 
USERNAME ahh , thanks for reminding me ... jelena ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 
#in6thgrade i was the new girl at seton . everyone that i was weird and a nerd . #fml 
i hope i can get a new laptop on black friday i haven't had one in 6months :( 
USERNAME USERNAME lies . i say hi every time i see you which i s like twice a day :( 
#thingsthatsuck the fact that u treat me as if i don't exist . </3 
getting an ultrasound as if i'm pregnant or something 😔 👶👶👶 
my writing genius is just not flowing tonight . 😞 
one more thing couldn't possibly go wrong today 😢 #sostressed 
i wish i still lived in north carolina with USERNAME 😭 #missher 
USERNAME USERNAME i have nothing to do sorry jakey 😢 
stayin off facebook for a bit .. i didn't get to watch the new #teenmom2 yet & everyone's ruining it .. 😭 
i'm gonna enjoy tomorrow as much as i can because in basically carmike's slave from wednesday until sunday 😔 👎 
USERNAME USERNAME i am so glad you all had a good . how is ari handling justin and his girlfriends breakup ; :'( 
i miss USERNAME so much . come back into my life dudee 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME omg you guys :( i miss you . 
the new cod is coming out tonight . yay ! i'm sleeping alone tonight . 😔 
not having coffee in the like normal is killing me #headache 😔 #sleepygirl 
USERNAME i don't have a iphone to see that </3 
USERNAME im pretty sure you did last time too :( 
USERNAME awh we were inseparable , bestfriends ! i miss that :( let's all hangout soon ! love you hals <3 
USERNAME awh stop i'm to sensitive 😭 i love you so much no matter what we'll always be friends . 💖💖💖💖 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME not mine :( my mom is sketch about more than 2 people lolol 
i don't understand how people sleep without socks #myfeetwouldfreezeoff #amiweird ? 😥 😳 😶 
anything by gary alan will always remind me of a special summer . 😊 💛 ❤ 💔 #memories 
i need a girlfriend so i can triple date with USERNAME and johnny manziel :( 
awe i miss everyone from jefferson and mckinley 😔 😔 those were the days 
ugh USERNAME won't wake up for shit 😒 knowing i gotta go to the gym 😑 😞 
#inmiddleschool :c lass of 2013 was cool af until everybody left & went to high school ! 
USERNAME oh no :( im so sorry :( you're gonna feel like you're dying for a few days 
USERNAME haha yeah :( (( havent done it yet ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME im dyinngg i miss us all hanging out ): 
#in6thgrade i hung out with the kids and got kicked out of their lunch table :( ((( 
i will pay someone to hospitalize me right now 👊💥💢 😵 🙏 😣 🔫 @ ezra lehman memorial library URL 
USERNAME no please don't i'm seriously begging you . i'll do anything :( :( :( :( 
USERNAME i know it's crazy i guess i was just one of the unlucky ones who got uglier with age 😔 
USERNAME miss youu . we've grown apart ): we seriously need to hang out . my mom asked about you the other day , lol . 
USERNAME oh . yaa ... and the time you smacked me in the head with the basketball at andrews :( #abuse 
USERNAME boo whore . is it friday yet ? :( #missyou 
it's setting in . daniela is leaving . ugh 😔 
USERNAME lol but we can't use a calculator :( ((( but yes . i will be seeing you soon ♡ ♡ 
i could have sworn it was only 7pm or so :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i think when they said you should become a better home maker they didn't mean being an architect 😿 
i wonder if gma still sends USERNAME lucky slots game requests while he's gone ... 😔 
#in8thgrade every female took pictures from way up highh , or doing the duck face with the peace sign 😭 
life is what you make it .. i don't feel bad for some of yall no more :/ #sadtweet 
i miss 3 person aboo m7meed n ofcourse papii :'( 
i need to have a long talk with my lord , so much on my mind .... :( 
USERNAME i did too ! but it was only tuesday and thursday :( 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah cause i'm leaving for seattle ! you did too :c 
lol i guess i'm not talking to #oomf tonight 😔 😒 👎 
USERNAME osea , si uno tan guapo como greg se fue a enamorar de una sudamericana , q nosotras no peguemos chicle por alla , dudalo :( haha 
#in6thgrade i would get bullied by USERNAME everyday at recess :'( 
i hope USERNAME doesn't unfollow me when she plays professionally and get a check mark by her name :( 
USERNAME noo ! ! all your tweets are so perfect ! 💔 
gonna try to sleep ... dunno if i can .. t.t if i get this carpet pulled up tomorrow anyone wanna help me paint the floor thrusday ? lol 
i hate crying this much , i feel like i'm gonna puke 😔 😪😷 
USERNAME don't worry , i'm getting my share of being bullied right now :( 
i do not want to go to school tomorrow . ): 
USERNAME did that show start tonight ? damn looked funny :( 
USERNAME idk ... i'm sure your burning crotch didn't though 😞 
USERNAME all of us niggas done grown up ... 😭 we thought we was fine af too ! 
USERNAME it's the best ! i hope i can get off one day this weekend .. i need to see your face .. it has been way to long :( :( :( 
rough sex , slow sex , dirty sex , love sex i wanna do them all :( 
i wish i could stay home from school but i can :( 
#in8thgrade i wore the same size clothes and shoes i do now . i've rocked my 8th grade graduation dress a couple of times this year 😔 
USERNAME stupid high school separated us -_- how could we let that happen ! ! 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME fuck you drea it's all your fault we couldhave gotten married . lol jk i miss the whole crew ): 
USERNAME lol ik kell ! :( plan on a weekend filled with e and kell time ! 
USERNAME well sister i know your gonna go far in life , but i just hope you don't go too far away ! :( 
USERNAME love you too ! & it's only gonna get harder :/ i thought it was gonna be easy too ): 
worst part about losing your voice is going to a drive thru and they can't understand shit #fml #edcaftermath 
USERNAME just wait until next year ! we'll see each other like neverr ! 💔 
in all of that i dropped my phone on my face and i'm now bleeding #ouch 😢 
people on pinterest are full of crap . i never got my perfect snowflake :( #sadtweet #craftprobz 
#in6thgrade candace ortiz was my first friend i made at school . 💔 😞 
USERNAME now all i get is a random hand grab in the hallway :( 
twitter keeps texting me , & all i want is to talk to baby ): 
my blades of glory is skipping 😭 😭 😭 😭 #noo 
my boo is playing basketball . i have no one to text 😔 
USERNAME welcome to muhlenberg .... where crappy professors teach mandatory classes #suckstosuck :( 
i didn't bring any warm clothes to sleep in 😭 
#in8thgrade the last day of school was hell for me ! i was too sad ! ☹ 
USERNAME eek ok i'm gunna try my hardest to be there but i might not be home til wednesday 😔 
there's a dog in ny on death row in a shelter because his owner died in sandy and was found laying by his owners side 😭 😭 😭 😭 i am bawling 
died my hair 3 times in a row 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 
#in6thgrade i found out my first love was moving to tulsa and i cried for days :( 
in kindergarten i ran away from the black kid and got a red card ): 
miss workin out at the gym 😔 fuckin concussion #hatethis #missit #cripple 
USERNAME i know ! :( & it has still been forever now ! ! 
i sound so ugly when i talk 😔 this cold needs to go away like , asap . 
are you serious ? i thought i was your favorite fagget ... 😭 
USERNAME one of those moods if you know what i mean 😔 
USERNAME should come over tommrrow i miss you . ): 
USERNAME me too :( i wish you would have came to saks when me & USERNAME left ! 
USERNAME when you just can't go on any longer 😢 
USERNAME its at my friends :( i'll get it tomorrow ! 
tryna move forward but feels like i'm going ten steps back 😔 
#in6thgrade i would always answer in class until USERNAME called me a nerd so i stopped and became stupid ! :( 
USERNAME exactly except first grade for me . ugh </3 
maybe one day you'll miss me , like i miss you </3 
#in2ndgrade USERNAME was in my class . he was my bestt fwiend and then he moved to another state :( 
USERNAME ha dang shoot mine got ugly 😣 he was a senior so i'm glad i didn't have to see him anymore lol 
“USERNAME #in6thgrade ... i cant explain . lol URL USERNAME look at boochie 😭 
USERNAME oh ! ! cause i was gonna be like umm jealous ! lol wish i was too 😣 
gotta call about food stamps tomorrow , i hope i still get them :( 
USERNAME i know ! we called each other like 55 times a day ahahah miss ya :( 
when USERNAME tells me to snapchat him .. and he doesnt respond #sadtweet :( 
USERNAME but i'm an impractical human being :{ d #isacrificelookingnicesometimesforcomfort #thatmostlyhastodowithfacialhair #andgloves 
having to read at home b/c my 6 period is loud & dumb . :( USERNAME 
USERNAME haha right ... me too .. :( shit used to be poppin sometimes lol 
all these memories are making me sad ... miss my #auburn #friends :( (( 
never thought i'd say i kinda miss riding that smelly bus with her everyday . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME we would always be dying for no reason .. i miss those good times :'( 
time to bundle up ! ! ! #fml #onlyintexas smh 👎🙊 😐 😕 😒 ❄☁ URL 
USERNAME i found our journal that we wrote notes to each other in the other day .... i wanted to cry . 😭 
USERNAME please don't hurt me ! 😢 i don't have the answer to level 12, i swear ! #factory96 
#in7thgrade me & USERNAME never spoke to each other in school , he said i used to be ugly :( , i hate him ! lmao . 
USERNAME when's the next #amchat i missed the last one . 😢 i love you ... ! 
watching USERNAME with USERNAME just isn't the same without USERNAME though ! 😔 
lol i ate the cake my mom made for her graduation tomorrow lololol #yolo #sorrynotsorry #jkimsorrymom :( #fatgirlprobzz 
USERNAME me too :( i wish you would have came to saks when me & USERNAME came ! 
umm .. i hate sushi . why are we here ? ! :( (@ kaizen fusion roll & sushi) URL 
on the realz .. i got my freshman 15 before thanksgiving 😞 
i just realized i took advantage of someone really special lastyear who actually cared for me . fuck now its over . #fuckup #sadtweet 
so many embarrassing pictures from 6th grade 😭 😭 😭 
#in6thgrade USERNAME struck me out in my first ever tournament team at bat . :( 
USERNAME and 7th and 8th 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 
#in9thgrade i lost a lot of friends i used to have . 😐 😔 
he was gonna fall & i wasn't gonna be there to catch him 😔 
i hate when people i care about are sad 😞 😔 cheer up babe it will all be okay 
#in6thgrade i had very long hair 😐 😑 😮 😦 😧 😵 😲 😶 URL 
i need to go shopping ! i have no winter clothes 😞 ✋ #pronto 
baby no you're the only one that i love 😭 
how you day you hate a let but bitch you lie your damn self come correct :( 
kaanen would favorite my tweet about zacs closing 😞 #fuckwimpys 
USERNAME i kno i seen that asshole i know u miss me i miss by besty love to i have to tell u something your gna be sad :'( 
USERNAME 😢 😢 me a 🌊 justin timberlake #whimpering 🐴 jk love u cuz 
#in6thgade i tried to do a cool flip on the bars and fell off .. in front of my crush 😳 😔 😣 haha #embarrassing 
well , the christmas lights on my kitchen cabinets were a good idea for 30 seconds , until i shut the door and shattered one in my dessert . 😔 
USERNAME please :( lol . no one else understands haha 
what do i want in a career ? #travel #experiences #education #growth ... why is that so hard to find ? :( 
i wish i went to the same school as my biffle . :( 
have a strong feeling he not gon call me :( 
"USERNAME manal's birthday party sweet 25 URL i wish my bd party was like that ! ! gorgeous ! ! :'( 
#in6thgrade dance was my life and i was a straight up b0$$ #missit 😔 
another reminder of why 2012 is easily a personal worst year ever . can we fast forward to 2013 already ? 😔 
i wish cristian didn't have a job so then i can talk to him all day ): #sadtweet 
i seriously hate how all my family is scattered . i wish we all lived in grayson or in huntington . :( 
#in9thgrade : everybody change -_- , it not the same ): , act different 
USERNAME you needa text like more ! cause i kinda miss you 😔 
USERNAME i know 😭 you better be going to the game next week ! we'll catch up there 😘 
USERNAME lay off he's mine 😾 😾 😾 😾 😾 😾 
it's one of those nights where i wanna hurt myself again :c i know u don't want me to baby but its hoe i feel 
#in2ndgrade people made fun of me at my new school because :'( ( 
#in4thgrade i played football for the first time bt stop cuz i thought they in the middle of the field thought there were gonna tackle me 😔 
#in6thgrade i had my first guy bestfriend ... and he was the best ! ! 😭 
those who are in a relationship 😒 lucky asses ! 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME better things , soon it'll be all memories 😔 😥 
#in7thgrade i had my heartbroken for the first time . 💔 
mrs p always asks me why i don't do her homework and i always tell her it's because i work too much but i really just don't get it 😢 
i can't bowl to save my life or anyone's life for that matter ... 😔 
USERNAME hahah i loved my lamb ! ! i got matching slippers and everything 😞 back to the cat shirt ... 
#in7thgrade colored skinny jeans were in but my mom wouldn't buy me any cause she thought they were bad 😒 😔 #wantedemsobad 
#immiddleschool i was smart af all as but left middle school and into high school .. rude awaking .. 😞 i felt dumb af ! 
rest easy , adrian l . johnson <3 i love & miss you so much baby boy .. i wish i could have one last day with you :'( ! ! ! ! 
so tired ! ! but i need to shower and do homework ! :( 
when gossip girl is over , my mondays will go back to being pointless .. 😭 
i want to be able to talk to you about this kinda stuff but i can't ... :( #wishfulthinking 
11:11 make a wish .... wish you were here right now :( #misshim 
our friendship is falling apart and it hurts me more than you know 💔 😢 
USERNAME i was planning on doing one last mass download , but i never got around to it :( 
coming home to all my cap'n crunch gone like why dad why are my dreams ruined who does that 😭 
USERNAME yeah she said those are the main ones lol 😔 you should see the list she gave my dad haha 
just woke up from a 3 hour nap . oh goody this should be good 🙈 😯 😏 😔 😴 
i'm seriously never gonna find a guy . i'm supposed to be 6'2 by the time i'm 18 :c 
the george foreman broke ! ! ! noo ! ! thats my life 😩😫 💔 
USERNAME it makes me sad that we don't have any whataburgers :( it's by far the best fast food place ! 
she doesn't kno how bad it hurts 😔 to hear her say things like that ... don't get it .. but ok 😒 
USERNAME god damn it how do they know :( (( 
#inmiddleschool i really ain't care how i looked , i was a fat kid , raggedy clothes , never wore lotion or chapstick lol 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME his allergies are super bad and he keeps getn sick so their gonna do a ct scan , then allergy text , then surgery for tonsils :( 
i wish u were here to hold me while i fall asleep in ur arms . i need u right now :c 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😔 😔 😔 i miss you guys and chanlee you know ill always love you ! ! midgets for life . 😽 😽 
#inelemntary school i had my very first best friend , the first day of first grade , USERNAME . then she moved to rossview in 6th grade :( 
just when i thought my headaches and fatigue were ok ... it rears its ugly head . :( 
i hate when people have more fallowers than me ugh :( or tweets 
& USERNAME is passed out at the other end of the cali king 💔 
can't hate you enough , rhode island . :( (@ kingston railroad station) URL 
USERNAME i'm missing you too girl #sobusyylately #letshangoutthough #missyousoomuch </3 
#in12thgrade i partially tore my acl , tore my meniscus , shattered cartilige , and was on crutches forever . #fml #cheeringkilledme 
USERNAME i do too , those years were the best :( (( 
i want things to work . idk how else to explain that . :( 
“USERNAME 'undeniable , so incredible , simply wonderful , you're beautiful .' USERNAME remember this ? ! " USERNAME :( 
USERNAME ik 😔 its okay tommro ! but i went bck to the mall nd got the good deal at cr bc it was buggin me tht i forgot my money earlier 
#in8thgrade USERNAME and melinda were my friends :( and ana lol but she doesn't count 
USERNAME well .. then i am sorry . 😔 😳 
simone don't never facetime me anymore . it's b/c i'm black 😔 
…cont hsm3 extended edition & there was soo much taken out , & the extended edition had it all in & then some , prob in the bonus features:| :( 
#in6thgrade i got my first detention because another student told the teacher i flipped someone off ... i didn't 😞 i cried because of that 
USERNAME awe ! ! i know where loners ! lmao ! ! i miss you . :( 
seriously why can't i be in ireland and represent my culture ? ! :( 
i feel a lil better .. i was soo sick today 😔 
#depressing people get boring to be around . cheer up hun , it's not the end of the world kae . ? 
its been almost a year since i've posted music . :( so , here's a little something i'm working on: URL 
USERNAME jk , i don't own a bathrobe . 😥 
</3 ... <3 hopefully tomorrow/night is a better one <3 ... </3 
tonight i raise my tall nonfat , no-whip hot chocolate to myself for being the world's shittiest best friend . 😫 #fml 
my next 3 paychecks are mainly for christmas presents 😥 
#in6thgrade all i wore were tye dye clothes from that canteen store #fml 
i feel bad my plans with USERNAME didn't go through today :( 
USERNAME aww thanks but if only i lived in texas that way theres a better chance :c 
USERNAME USERNAME i tagged marina in for a reason 😉 😁 😭 
i gotta get my mind off disx pain ... ii jusz hope im not tryiin tweh get sick .. ppl dhat yuh alwayz do for wiil not do for yuh .. #sadcase :( 
about to head to sleep lts on mi mind :( 
#in6thgrade i was onee cake loving chubby kidd 😣 😒 
i think my actual brain hurts from studying so much for finals :( 
i remember when we were best friends and talked all the time , and now i'm lucky to get a text from you 😔 
USERNAME called me an idiot :( #ilikedit 😏 😈 😶 
i wish i could cuddle up to my baby sister right now i'm so lonesome . :( 
i want someone to watch this show with . 😔 
i was so sad when i didn't get to run in my last meet :c 
USERNAME sorry boo i got it but i feel asleep and forgot to text u :( 
USERNAME #waitwhat ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! #confuzzled # :( ( chins 
USERNAME same here girl :/ we were no good :( 
USERNAME it really hasn't effected me this much till now :( 
i love little things by USERNAME too bad i'll never meet them :( 
USERNAME i know i know i don't know what too do 😔 not anytime too soon this has to be thought out for a while haha 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm a bum ass nigga with no kinda money though :( 
USERNAME i know :( i'm giving it a 9% chance that i'll actually be able to . #stillachance 
USERNAME ahh miss you too dangit ! ! :( ( havent seen you in forever ! i was just thinkin about puppy nuts the other day . lmao such children 
you were so tall , now you're not . 😭 
USERNAME haha ! atleast you go to the gym 😔 😒 
i've tried changing my bio on twitter 10 billion times and it just won't workk 😣 😠 👊💣 
USERNAME all of my tubs tweets were about me 😢 
#in6thgrade i was cheerleading with some of my best friends . i miss it :( 
USERNAME it was horrible lol . i wore 2 color polos too at the same time ahaha :( 
USERNAME USERNAME dawhh soo long ago . #missyall # :( 
#inmiddleschool i would always get super sad when USERNAME wasn't on the bus 😔 😑 😏 i had to sit by the two fat sisters who never would stfu . 
#in4thgrade i had a major crush on this white boy so i secretly put a pack of m&ms in his book bag lmfaoo 😭 
i just want my boyfriend ! :'( is that too much to ask for ! ? USERNAME 
#in7thgrade i would fight with USERNAME every other day & cry myself to sleep . #bullied #sadtweet 
#in8thgrade i would had never thought some of these girls would be how they are now 😧 
ugh , work at 7 is going to suck :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry i guess i shouldn't have lied to you 😞 
when everything feels like the movies you bleed just to know you're alive 💔 
#inmiddleschool all my best friends went to the same school , but then we got split up for high school 😔 
i really wanna join the military but i can't handle getting deployed and there's no way i could be in for 4 years and not get deployed . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME nope . we just have corn . :( 
lmfao omg max keebles big move was my shit back in the day makes me wanna cry growing up sucks straight uup :( 
to bad my nigga #scoob can't go into battle with me #rip :'( 
USERNAME thanks joric ! naiiyak na ako :'( (( di yata ako matutulog . 
i wanna talk to #oomf .. i swear i do </3 
USERNAME my order is $348.49 and the code is not being applied when i hit apply . :( 
i miss my gee baby :( never seen him in a whilee . 
USERNAME why dey kick me out doe ? 😭 😔 😒 
i need someone who does magic , i wanna talk to my uncle kevin . 😞 
need to put my phone on the charger , but the charger is clear across the room 😞 #lazyproblems 
i wish that we could be together forever </3 #ifonly 
USERNAME was right there watching me get beat up :( sike 
worst news ever & i can't even do anything . 😔 😥 
USERNAME hahaha you cry too much ! ! ! remember how i complained about my knee ? well i think i tore my meniscus 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME sammi* lol .. & i don't hope no more .. i just kinda say fuck it 😔 🔫 
voting for my replacement tonight made me way more emotional than i thought i would be #graduatingprobs 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME idk , in the ice cream truck ? 😦 
it's like a part of me is saying go , but another is saying stay .. 😔 
#inkindergarden i got my 1st referral for cutting the sleeve off a girls jacket , then later on i got the class clown award & got grounded . 😞 
USERNAME please follow me ? you'd make me so much happier . my day has been pretty crappy . :( 
drews mom told me we need to pray , so plz do fellow drama members ! USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #thurston :( 
#inmiddleschool i blew my chance with an amazing girl 😔 
siempre q miro el reloj son las 11:11 pero asta ahora ninguno de mis deseos se an cumplido :( 
#in6thgrade i had no friends cause i moved to livermore :( 
that moment when you accidentally like some random persons status about some random crap not even worth liking for on fb ! #fml 😑 
#inmiddleschool i never went to a straight a picnic or straight o ice cream party 😔 😡 
USERNAME last show :-( but the lead singer will still be doing stuff under his name USERNAME 
USERNAME they sent me an email offering URL for $100 once , but when i went to buy it they wanted $5000 :( 
the line for caribou still has not gone down . come one people , i'm fallin asleep here 😣 
my wish is to meet USERNAME you kniw talk to him on the phone , fall for each other in have a fairy tale <3 #imadreamer :( 
USERNAME :-( that's weird ! annamarie's coming later too :-d 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME d . c . <3 remember when you poured ice water all over me . </3 
who would like to be that person i txt day and night without getting bored ? hmm none okay v.v 
no ... i don't want to walk from the bus stop to my house :( 
USERNAME busted ... 8th place . :( ty for believing ! 
around this time of night it never fails for me to get sad ... :( 
USERNAME no you don't . come back at the end and say hii to mee :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i might go to denver for christmas this year ! ): 
talking to USERNAME made me miss my el campo friends . ): #sadstory 
ahh why did i have to leave :( i miss niko like crazy . 
#in7thgrade my brother left me USERNAME 😔 😒 😣 😫 😢 😭 lol 
today has been the longest day ... and it's not even over 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME ugh i miss you guyss ! ! ! 😪 💔 
USERNAME ah maria i miss you too . lets make this happen again before we graduate . 😔 
USERNAME morgs .. we met in kindergarten . on the bus . 😔 
i seriously broke my glasses .. i'm gonna have a heart attack . i can't see shit without those damn things :( 
on oovoo :( first time i had a sad face about that because their no conversation and because of the argument 
nights like tonight is when i wish i had a tv in my room :( 
brother is coming tomorrow thank god i need his advice :( 
USERNAME boo dat n tikl is da only ish i got twerkin for me rn :( 
i hate feeling so sad 😔 anyone wanna text me and cheer me up ? 
praying for my best friend ... hate it when he's sick :( <<< 
USERNAME USERNAME hahah happens to the best of us 😣 all the boys fault really though 
pray for my bestfriends granny . 😔 🙏 ❤ USERNAME 
wish i had someone to have late night convos with 😔 
in so much pain , gonna cry #owwy 😭 😫 
i was listening to trust and believe & that shit just change my whole entire mood , :( im soo mad right now 
trying to eat some soup but its just not happening 😞 
USERNAME and like 12 others lets just add him to the list 😭 
USERNAME don't hate on huffy ! lololol he's my only friend 😔 
#in6thegrade . me and brooke stoled some candy from my english teacher 😔 
i can't stop thinking about when he yelled at me ! :( i hate it ! ! ! 
if only #oomf was actually ready to be in a relationship , i would so wife her up ! 😔 
missing teasley moscato kittles so bad right now ! #cuddleykitty #bestfriends 😿 😿 😿 URL 
eating an unhealthy dinner tonight because the food my mom made is already cold now ... 😔 
it's not me . i know it isn't me . and it kills me that it's not me . it absolutely kills me ... #sadtweet 
“USERNAME i feel so bad for ssa girls . those poor doves never get any likes on there photos . ): 
is it a full moon ? so freaking loud , all i want is a little sleep :( 
aww we miss you too rt USERNAME USERNAME aww , i miss him , i miss you . i miss everybody ): 
no , but the brick i slipped on fell on my head . 😕 😢 
#inmiddleschool ; i always had the bottom locker because i wasn't ever tall enough for the top lockers ... 😢 
USERNAME i feel it and it doesn't feel very good :( 
USERNAME lmao that's not even right 😣 what did he want lol 
USERNAME it's 57 now but suppose to be 46 tonight . 😔 
USERNAME mrs gubers turtle neck lmfaoo ... chi chi the turtle aww :( omg remeber you & diamond fought holy guac ! 
my dreams of being a pornstar have gone down hill ... these hoes stay acting up 👎 😞 
i mean , used to look like this so clearly i didnt have a boyfriend :( URL 
pray for my friend adrian srom havin a seizure ! 😞 🙏 😓 😪 😥 😔 
all these tweets make me miss highschool & all my friends 😔 
i'm just trying to find someone that i can be myself around and go places with and bake cookies with and play in the snow and spoil .. 😔 
not even gunna lie i wish i could still go to school with all my friends 😔 
i feel so bad ... i didn't mean that .. 😢 
#sophomoreyear i met the boy i thought id spend the rest of my life with .... #alwayswrong #sadtweet 
USERNAME "USERNAME hr at henry schein (richmond , va ): so much of our company's success comes fro ... URL 
lesson learned today is not to ever text&walk down steps at the same time ... you will miss a step & twist your ankle ! #notfun #cantwalk 😔 👎 
you will never understand it but i did it for you 😢 
i suck at writing conclusions , someone help me :( 
i know because you usedto look at me that way . 😔 
USERNAME yes . 😖 😞 all i read was blahblahblah 
USERNAME hahahah its okay im sad too :'( but it was kinda funny . ily tho ! 
#in7thgrade mrs . tracy yelled at me and made me cry 😞 and then she apologized because my dad called the school hahah bitch ! 😏 
sleepy af ! ! but dont wanna go to sleep ! ! :( 
i seriously want to be closer with my family </3 
i will only have 27 hours this week . i'm never calling off again 😭 
throwing up is a b**ch ...... :( ( ugh .... 
😦 rt USERNAME we made a kid at the beach eat a jellyfish and he started puking and crawling in circles /: 
getting shit from USERNAME for not going out with her this weekend ... our friendship is over ... #sadtweet #mybad 😁 
USERNAME USERNAME αισχροι και οι 2 ! αρκουδεϊδεσ ! πειναω λεω γαμω τι καθεστε και τρωτε; :( #de _me_ponese_kaneis 
still trying to take a shower but i don't wanna leave twitter :( i'm pathetic lol 
i told mariah i want a ounce for my birthday , but she wont get it for me :( 
#in8thgrade i had to switch school and leave all my friends :( 
what is everyone talking about #catfish ? ? ? ? i'm so confused . 😔 
USERNAME wow what the hell :( what eyeliner do you use ? 
so i had this friend , USERNAME and i kinda like miss him like a whole lot . 😢 
USERNAME i love andraes ! ! ! ! ! i miss you guys :( let's go bowling this weekend , but like for real bowling so brianna & andraes come ❤ 
ya i miss u too :( rt USERNAME i seriously hope my mom says i can go out this weekend it's been to long with out seeing my boyfriend ... 
treadmill usually makes me feel better :( . maybe sleep will do . 
i miss 6th grade . we're all growing up to fast . </3 
USERNAME ill always answer if i can -.- i thought you were mad at me or something :( 
USERNAME just lowered the tvs to make us feel better about ourselves - backfire: confirmed the delay will be longer… no update on why . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME now , there is no gossip . 😔 
laying in bed and it finally hit me . 😢 ima miss you grand daddy 
USERNAME i got it next semester 😔 i really don't feel like doing extra s*** next semester . 
y'all seriously don't even understand .. i'm blind a'f .. now i'm gonna have massive headaches until i get my new ones #fml 
my boyfriend is buying his first new car tomorrow #soproud 😭 ❤ 
tito is no longer my sugar daddy 😿 those days are truly missed 😼 
im so exhausted that my eyes actually hurt to be open #fml 
USERNAME pois é, mas 2 semanas é pouco :( quero um ano kk 
#in11thgrade it was the best year of school of my life <3 33 :'( i miss it . 
#in12thgrade i fell in love for the first time .. that relationship was legit . 💔 
i should be used to going to bed like this by now ... but it still #sucks ): #night #youpromisedd .... 
thinking about us< thinking about what could be us 💔 
#in6thgrade i swore i'd never do drugs . i really wish i lived up to that . #sadtweet 
i'm getting sleepy doe ... mumford & sons hasn't even started playing :( 
#in7thgrade USERNAME and #twitterlesslindsay were my best friends , we did everything togethaa </3 miss it 
#in8thgrade everybody called me pubes 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 
before 21: all my friends are 21 :( ( after 21: none of my friends are 21 :( ( 
wtf that aint koo . my bestfriend leaving me :c 
#injuniorhigh i still had USERNAME and USERNAME by my side 😭 😔 
USERNAME know she lame , we fell off with in a day ! ! 😑 😭 😭 
dear USERNAME i didn't think i could get more sad :( URL 
berry just called me and hurt my feelings :( USERNAME punch'em ! 
i'm just waiting for christina to text me out of the blue one day ............... andd waiting , and waitingg hahahahahah 😭 👎 💔 
literally just saw you the past couple weekends and your gone now 😥 
USERNAME lmao i do ! she's like nonexistent due to soccer . 😔 
i can't wait for this semester to be over . i miss my life & my friends ! :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME hahaha he sucks ! i won't even see my cousin in law no mores ? 💔 😭 
please pray for my brother ! ! he just passed out flat on his back right after having major spine surgery ! ! ! ! going to the hospital now 💔 
i miss the shit out of rick jeanneret :'( :'( 
i drank too much red bull for the tournament . my shaking got me :( couldn't aim straight 
i used to be really into power rangers so i yelled out fire the torpedos ! ! ! and i got in trouble cause they called my parents 😞 
USERNAME hahaha i know ! i was like mayn ): lol ! 
USERNAME now that's a sad face :( can't believe you forgot ! i'm trying to make it this week though . so if he says no u won't have to 
#in8thgrade going the wrong way in the hall way was a crime :( 
#im6thgrade they looked though my shit cause o said i . ead finna cu t.t his girl i had ball till i got in that car 
#6thgrade i use to have a change of clothes in my bag for the skatium ... 😔 
USERNAME lmfao , seriously ! i miss those days so much 😔 
oh man ........ this girl is about to be crushed ! 💔 
#in9thgrade USERNAME and i had special talks in spanish . #misshim 😥 
USERNAME and yet you don't come here and cook for me :'( 
bitch tits ! ! i just burnt my finger :( smelled somethan burnin' looked in my dishwasher .... smh poor spatula got all hot an melty 
since the beginning of october , i have gained back 6 of the 16 lbs i had lost . 25 lbs to go until i am at my ideal weight for my frame . :( 
#in7thgrade i was convinced that USERNAME and the rest of her group hated me 😭 
vegas was hella dope but now back home what a drag :( 
USERNAME your retweets are off . 😥 ima be reppin my viking jerz everyday . it's weird how different everything is from last season .. 
if i told you i missed you would you even care #sadtweet #imissyou 
freezing and can't sleep . where's my boyfriend ? oh wait i don't have one ! 😔 
#inmiddleschool i was chasin USERNAME && slipped & fell on a bottle cap in the cafe .. skinned my knee .. and cried . 😔 
USERNAME but that would require going out into the cold and driving somewhere 😣 #toolazyy 
#inmiddleschool i lived in texas ... i miss it 😒 😔 
#in2ndgrade i got in a fight with a boy named damien and almost punched me 😢 
#in8thgrade me and USERNAME were boys , now she like hates me . 😒 😔 
missing someone + no texts from them = worst feeling . :-( 
#inmiddleschool i saw the world trade center go down 😭 😢 😔 😔 💔 
USERNAME no time for your favorite cousin i see :( 
well my phone wont charge ): yeah , im about to give up on it #cellphonessuck 
#in10thgrade i received my first on my report card 😒 😣 
#middleschool we had late start every tuesday . i miss that ): 
#in6thgrade USERNAME was soo mean to me ! ! ! 😥 
USERNAME i know ... sorry . you didn't even know my name back then :( 
#in6thgrade i still had my grandpa with me 💔 😞 😔 
USERNAME hmm maybe i'll be ok to do it- just hate driving ! wish i didn't have to :( 
going to bed sick :( feels horrible ... just wanna hate life ! #nightquillplease 
hardest essay of my life: 10 page research paper using only book #fml 
me too🙋. then i dropped it in a cup of milk 😭 
USERNAME u there ? ? ? miss heather ... :( 
tech days are so plain . :( ( only few people can change that .. 
#fml tho , been working on this paper since 7 ... 
its a good thing im at work and leave at 3am because how i'm feelin right now i would be wildin out #hard break my cycle b4 we all go up :( 
USERNAME USERNAME nothing on tuesdays and thursdays work for me .... remember ? :( 
missing my nala way too much right now 😢 for real when does it ever get better ? 
USERNAME i know ! like its been too long bb :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( i've been a busy busy bee lately 
USERNAME but por qué señorita ? 😭 😭 😭 URL 
USERNAME idk i've had it for a few years and it got infected and looks like shit and its starting to ruin my tattoo so i took it out :( 
USERNAME i know ! ! lol i thought i was going to jail i had never been in that situation :( lol all my friends acted like it was nothing 
so you are laughing at me since im a make a wish kid . :'( 
USERNAME people i'm friends with on fb were posting about it . and i follow one of the pages on here and it said that it was canceled :( 
i just said goodbye to someone in a text . worst feeling ever :( 
#in8thgrade me as USERNAME laughed until we cried when mr . west would flip over the activ-board pen . 😭 
#in1stgrade my bestfriend died , and i was devastated 💔 
USERNAME awe thank you ! that means a lot ! how did dinner go with ur dad ? and sorry for not coming over today :( 
i wish grandma could be with us this thanksgiving . :( but i'm thankful for all the holidays i did get to spend with her . i love you . 
USERNAME USERNAME for real the best team i was ever on ! miss that :( 
all of these middle school tweets make me feel so old . those times were forever agoo it's so weird . 😞 
#thisyear some pretty embarrassing stuff has happened to me 😔 
daaw . i miss texting USERNAME & USERNAME everyday , all damn day , freshmen year . 😔 😥 
USERNAME il tell ya tmrw cuz i'm going downstairs to bed and i don't have any service in my room 😥 
my nephew is in the hospital 😪 😥 😱 😨 😫😩 
USERNAME USERNAME without us ? ! ? ! ? ! > :( 
for some reason i feel really incomfortable . :( ( 
trying to smoke before bed and not being able to find a 🔥👎lighter🔥👎 😔 #weed #bedtime #lighterproblems #followback #retweet 💤💤💤💤💤💤💤💤💤 
wow ... its sad to think about how time flies :-( 
USERNAME no seriously you would ! you have horrible luck ! lol poor kaylers ! :( 
USERNAME awhh :( damn ! me lol . you missed the bus and i though you weren't at school then i saw you an u were wearing yellow sweatpants 
i haven't had a home cooked meal from my mom in i don't know how long 😔 
i can't get what we had off my mind </3 
that's if the world doesn't end before then .. :( 
USERNAME yay ! ! ! ! i'll be here all break by my lonesome :( lol 
#in7thgrade i fell in love with my bestfriend , never should have done that 😔 
USERNAME half down my toilet and i think two bottles somewhere in my car . -_- i've been sworn from taking them ever again :( 
#in9thgrade i slowly started realizing everyone else was growing , but me :( hahaha 
USERNAME i miss you :( and haha that's what i miss :( 
USERNAME lol noo barrian flowers .. i got beezed and it hurt my lil feelings :( 
USERNAME idk when i'm going to work hope i don't get fired 😭 😢 😓 
i've been looking at youtube videos for the past hour ... #procrastination 😣 
i miss him sleeping next to me , 😔 #summer #bestlove 
just ate my weight in oreos and now i have the worst stomachache ever 😭 
don't even know what to do anymore 😔 #sad #confused 
why do we always argue it hurts me more than anything ): #why 
USERNAME look how many times i tweeted you today ! i went on tweet limit ! ! you'll obviously never notice me ! ! 😭 😢 😖 😫 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME boo 😢 i know ! it will be fixed tomorrow ! ! promise ! 
kudos to the many places of worship n memphis working to reach our youth . we all shd b involve d: - ): -) ! ! 
dreaming with a broken heart , waking up is the hardest part 💤 💔 #johnmayer #truthofmylife 
i just miss my snuggle buddy right now :( USERNAME #butt 
oomf gonna try to kill me 😨 😱 😥 😥 😰 
ugh :( whhyy do i gotta miss these parties ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME and my ass got ace for the first time ever :( fucking amanda lmao ! 
turns out the really soft nice organic soil for the garden is not great for the dog to walk through once it starts raining :( #fb 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME anyone remember when i grabbed taylor's boob .. ? #accidental #fml kayleighs party ? ? 
#inhighschool i slowly started realizing everyone was growing , but me :( lol 
tomorrow not gone be a good day already knowing :-( . 
#in12thgrade i regretted all the shit i did on all the previous highschool years 😔 
goodnight ! :( mom called and said go your as* to sleep ! my response : kim you ain't my momma lol her: don't play with me girl ! smh kim 
wish my sister wasn't so far away all the time #sadtweet 
#in4thgrade i dated a ginger with a fro for 2 years ...... 😞 
USERNAME lol .. ill admit i was scared of you then 😔 haha 
#in9thgrade i got high for the first time :( (( 
i wish i could but i can't :( rt USERNAME USERNAME sleep on it . 
USERNAME i said im fine ! ! im not being a baby 😔 just not trying to be seen lol 
“USERNAME petition for texas to secede from us reaches threshold for white house response URL no ! i don't wanna go ! ! :( 
#in6thgrade i wasn't allowed to go to camp cuz i made a burn book 😔 
it's gonna suck waking up tm for my 8 am which i haven't had in like 3 weeks ... 😭 
when youtube refuses to play kesha = worst feeling of my life 😭 💔 💃💀🌟 
USERNAME off to bed desperately wishing for a follow from you ! :( 
USERNAME i guess everyone did ! but not anymore 😔 
USERNAME i mish yew tew :( we used to be to silly together ! 
> :'( ((( go to hell with all your fucking lies .. 
aww . this kinda breaks my heart .. :( URL 
why are you taking forever to load c'mon now :( 
USERNAME lol it's k , but yeah i feel you 😐 i was gonna wear fuzzy tights . but not anymore 😔 
i never complain about pain but this spider bite is kicking my ass ): #burns #itches #nofun 
my son so cute wen he bite his bottom lip ! ! #heart </3 breaker 
i don't wanna go to pe mañana 😒 😒 fml for failing freshman year 😞 
USERNAME right ? ! :( but its okay , i still love him 
when i lived in wny my parents had so much fuckinn money bro lmao 😞 😞 
missed the new teen mom 2 cause i fell asleep on the couch :( looks like its gonna be a late night cause i have to see it before i got i bed 
swear i'm just going to go my depressed ass to sleep now . 😞 😔 😒 
USERNAME i do </3 i really need to see you like soon <3 
#inmiddleschool my best friend zach payne used to knock my books out of my hands and run away ... leaving me there looking like a retard 😔 👫 
USERNAME doing pretty well . working hard . enjoying life at the moment . but i know how it goes :( 
#in8thgrade i fell in love for the first time n found out 8 months later how it felt to get a broken heart ! 💔 
USERNAME i'm pretty sure paul sold mine ... without my permission :( 
USERNAME you should probably just be thankful they didn't involve you for a whole two and a half years #fml 
#confessionnight : i miss those nights when we use to be high &d watch movies &d cuddle 😔 
6 months and 1 day until i am 21 😔 
i wish tomorrow was thursday . i wanna sleep in so badd . :( 
it's so nice seeing my whole family these past few days , too bad it's under depressing circumstances . uncle max you'll forever be missed 💔 
i remember this ! you remember me jerking ? 😭 rt USERNAME #in8thgrade jerkin sessions popped off during passing period 
i wish there were younger people at my office 😞 
USERNAME but i can't use xmas emojis on facebook 😞 
#inmiddleschool i was one of the lame kids that didn't have a phone 😔 lolol 
i'm in everyone's old memories , they just pretend i'm not #sadtweet #stopchanging 
USERNAME i left it in my other pants :( ( 
USERNAME yeah . :( hahah i knew it wasn't meant to be ... 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! :'( (((((((((((((( my baby is having a baby . i wish i could be there on saturday . 
they said my face is going to look worse tomorrow 😣 
USERNAME i miss you too my love ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😫 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME go die in a hole with no friends :( #lonerboner 
how did i end up in tears ? 😔 😕 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME just because they hurt my boyfriend ben roethlisberger ... :( 
i wish USERNAME could have been my teacher :( URL 
tired of the games and lies .. so how bout do neither and just say goodbye .. ! </3 
USERNAME like last winter :( miss you too ! whatthefuck . i wanna chill like old times .. 
USERNAME mm leighton was my bestfriend lol remember i dated miguel ? ? hahaha now everyone is so separated :( 
USERNAME awe man :( same here when i drive down oracle i just wanna keep going till i get to mammoth lol 
USERNAME yeah fix it ! haah yeah they're actually kinda serious over here , but it's not the same . :( are they any good ? 
#in8thgrade i got into my first fight , & was a bully ever sense i knew my strength #sorryguys 😔 #peoplechange 
USERNAME and i miss my mama linda :( ((((( tell her josh won't go to longhorn with me ! ! 
in three days i get to see my beautiful stister USERNAME 😭 and oh USERNAME of course 
USERNAME yeah , but that's sad how you're putting it . :( 
#in7thgrade i came from dr 😭 i wish i was still in dr 
i've never been on a date before like even ice cream with a boy ... am i pathetic ? ? 😭 😭 😭 😭 
but i left clark cuz ian do my science project and i lied and said ... a lemon made a lightbulb come on ... 😔 
sleepy and not feeling well 💜 🐶 💔 #mypoorbaby @ le chateau de troll balls URL 
it's so nice seeing my whole family these past few days , too bad it's under a depressing circumstance . uncle max you'll forever be missed 💔 
sorry ! didn't know you texted me ! 😳 😔 
USERNAME you should have gone with him i didn't like the idea of him going by himself , at night , and plus its deer hunting season ! ! ! ! 😔 
USERNAME aw . cool . i wish i can come :( 
#insixthgrade i had forehead bangs , glasses , and played the flute . and now when im intoxicated i brag about how musically diverse i am #fml 
USERNAME that's sad ! if i was you i would take medicine & go to sleep ! 😔 
i think this weather change is making me a sickly 😿 
USERNAME i don't have a car or else i would ! :( 
good thing i dnlded USERNAME app for my cell i'm in sopas , ca w/o cable so no #raw :'( but updates via app n youtube sub USERNAME #thankyou 
USERNAME i seen our neighbor once it was super awk :( 
USERNAME we missed you too my love ! 👭 💋 💗 💔 ❤ 💖 
i really don't want to wake up tomorrow just to spend another day in inschool suspension 😞 #suckstobeme 
#in8thgrade USERNAME and fees always made me choose who i would give my amp too 😔 😔 #sadlife 
new york dog on death row following death of owner in hurricane sandy URL via USERNAME someone help this poor baby :( ♥ 
ugh , i want someone to pay black ops 2 with tonight ... wish you didn't have to work ): 
ommgg my back pains right now 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME omg idk mike's my main man ! ! ! ! :( :( :( 
USERNAME i don't know what even happened honestly . i think freshman year you quit cheering and we just stopped talking . :( 
missing my body pillow ! ! wanting to cuddle up to it tonight #lonely #hasnocuddlebuddy :( 
i guess i can say goodbye to my boyfriend for awhile since all his liddoh friends are gonna wanna play stupid #blackops2 😞 😞 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME oh ... o thought we were friends :( 
USERNAME oh just some stuff . 😥 ill be okay though 
that one friend that moved so far away that you'll never see them for a long time :( 
USERNAME 😞 i still remember that ... y'all were mean 
this song makes me think of how much i miss you 💔 😥 
USERNAME we need to change it ! ! imissyou ! :( 
i'm still bitter about #burgerking taking away their chicken fries .... #cantmoveon #grindsmygears #wahh 😡 😭 
i miss you more lacy lynn roberts ! ! ! ! 😔 💔 
#memorylanemonday when keith and i first started talking we used to constantly bake together lol now we never do 😢 
i miss USERNAME so much i could cry ! i need my friend back dublin ! stop holding her hostage ! 😫 😢 😲 🔫 💙 👭 
tomorrow is the day i finally clean my room ... and my car ... and do my homework ... and study . #fml 
USERNAME yeah , bricks will usually do that to you 😏 😩 😭 😭 
didn't go to the haunted houses this year once again like i said i would #depressing 
i wish i had arias this year too 😔 i could be in there all day and he wouldn't tell me shit 
#in6thgrade #in7thgrade USERNAME made the bus rides home very interesting 😱 😭 
get well soon bob :( i 'll pray for you ... 
#in8thgrade mrs peraino hated me & took all my silly bands :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm still bitter about #burgerking taking away their chicken fries .... #cantmoveon #grindsmygears #wahh 😡 😭 
USERNAME i'm sorry we love you guys so much :'( 
USERNAME uh yeah ! ! i feel so bad for this girl ! 😢 wish i was with you girls watching it ! ! 
i hate it when i am talking to someone and they don't tell me good night 😣 😠 
nothing is better than being alone in a group of people #forveralone #depressed 
:( , lando had to get off the phone . guess ama be bored for the rest of the nighy 😔 
USERNAME would you guys ever come to maine ? i think you should ? please :( xx 
i smiled at her .. but she didn't smile back :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME i see me and USERNAME aren't in this # :( we see how it is 
christmas can't come fast enough . it'll have been over 4 months since i've been home 😭 . #🎄🎅🐶🎉❄🎁 
#in5thgrade my mom read me to sleep because i had sleeping problems . 😔 
USERNAME it is man . it's also sad that we only have five more weeks together 😞 😭 
snugglin with my best friend , taking advantage of my last month with ashton_rach ❤ 😔 @ burt hall (umhb) URL 
he's literally gonna be 12 #justwatch i feel bad 😔 
USERNAME i miss you guys so much though :( it sucks 
all i wanna do is cuddle with my bf and watch movies . #longdistancerelationshipproblems 😥 
USERNAME i'm not sure why i try with you . i'll never be nearly as witty ... 😔 #neveragain #youwin 
i am now single nd idk wat to do i guess its wats best for me time to move on i guess :( 
USERNAME those girls are so lucky :( i love you liam 
USERNAME i wanna come see you but i'm broke . :( 
he asked me , omfg i thought i was about to get kidnapped holy shit i was terrified 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i didn't know i could cry this hard omg 😭 
USERNAME i can't :( her seat is broken so i can't move it up and i'm not on her insurance .. 
USERNAME me too ! we've had some good ass fuckin times :( 
USERNAME scaryy noises in my room 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 i'm just gonna stay still ! 
when i have a great night .. then you pop in my head and i can't stop thinking and thinking mad you have no idea ... #sadtweet 
hate not feeling well , but i hate taking medicine too < 😔 
i have a problem with buying beauty products :( nail polish hair stuff nail polish make up cleansers serums lotion perfume nail polish 
#in10thgrade aziana left me and moved to las vegas ! 😔 
USERNAME :( no 10.5 ? fit like a 10 though ? :( 
i've been 3 times in this christmas monopoly game #fml #poorbitch USERNAME 
#in6grade , & in #7thgrade & , #8thgrade USERNAME was always there for me no matter what ! she used to be my love ! we drifted tho 😔 
whatching the person you love , love somone else . 😔 
#in6thgrade me , allie , kelsi , and amanda were bffls . we would have never imagined being so far apart now . :( USERNAME USERNAME 
all i want is a text message or a call . 😔 ✌ 
#in8thgrade i found out the most devastating news of my life 😔 . 
my prom date didn't fwm today for my bday USERNAME - :( 
ahahahaha i'm so pathetic it's sad 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😓 😩 
USERNAME i know i realized i messed it up as soon as i posted it :( 
USERNAME nun bae studing for this testing for tomorrow :( shit dead wonna go get casa tomorrow ? me u & moma USERNAME 
#inmiddleschool me and USERNAME would get kicked out of class together everyday 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME we were scared wtf you coulda died :( 
USERNAME do you think you could take pictures and send it to me ! :( 
she pu t.t he phone down ! ! my time to out tweet #gogogo USERNAME 
USERNAME this must go down . i hate it had to be him :( 
enjoyed my day off from class . now off to bed and class in the morning . :( #week12 
eww my dog just came in the house with some dead bloody animal bonees . omgg :( 
USERNAME lol whatever haley ! that's bs ! you stopped talking to me lol 😔 😞 
nights like these i wish my big sissy still lived with me :( miss her so much USERNAME 
#in7thgrade i hid in every corner i could find to hide from the :( 
i'm gonna be in florida for black friday :( (((((( #thatsaproblem have to go midnight shopping with my babe again USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME me too ): like we need to start hanging out again ! ! we fell off l: 
wait ? no , jk . i have math class tomorrow , poop ! :( 
#in8thgrade me and my friends were inseparable and now none of us are even close 😥 
USERNAME it was embarassing ! i tried like walking it off but some worker saw me & was like ill go get you ice ! now it's swollen&hurts 😔 
so mad my cod won't be here till tmrw #fml 
damn it i forgot how to finish beating mr freeze on batman arkham city .. 😞 
#in11thgrade i put up a slap upside down 😔 lol 
#inelementaryschool they had the best lunches ! i miss the snack shakes :[ 
i need to have a fun weekend this week i've really had a bad couple weeks 😔 
#in3rdgrade i had a crush on a little black boy but he was in love with my best friend at the time 😣 😣 
yuh knoee what i miss USERNAME when yuh wud bite my cheeks with your lips and pinch my thighs wih your fingers ♥ :( #bestie 
karlee didn't want to play 20 questions anymore cause i'm prude :( 
out of work . going across the street to wait for black ops with trevor . 😭 
the nicest text i've gotten all day was from my dad 😔 #fml #loner 
USERNAME wow . we had to put zoey down btw 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME ..... :'( the one time i mean to type spoon . :( 
whyy 😔 😔 😔 “USERNAME #inmiddleschool .. i know yall remember this , lmaoo URL 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! and yes , for sure this time ! been too long 😥 
USERNAME wow #disappointed :( will you be at the rink ! ? 
#in8thgrade USERNAME & i had beef for about a month over a boy 💔 
just got kissed by a stripper 😭 😵 😷 #holyshit #fuckmylife 
USERNAME important appointment :( ever since their tour with envy on the coast i've been hooked 
forgot my charger for iphone 5 😔 😔 lol (at apple store) — URL 
#in6thgrade i had my first big crush ! .. on my cousin lmboo .. yes , i was heartbroken when i found out we were related lolol 💔 
harsh . can someone give me some bandaids 😔 i've just been burned . 
USERNAME i defently miss it so much ! wah :( 
USERNAME get me a new phone sis i’m finna cry over here 😔 😢 ! ! 
#in6thgrade my mom dressed me in an all white outfit and a pink cowgirl hat for picture day . i had no friends all day 😭 
USERNAME lmao like the minute u leave i get depressed typical 💔 
USERNAME seriously i love it too but USERNAME isn't here to cuddle 😔 
USERNAME it was alot harder for swimming though . #iunderstand and i wanna play halo over break with you guys :( 
USERNAME i feel like i'm never going to meet you ... :'( 
USERNAME your less than 8k followers away from reaching 7m followers , now ill never get noticed :( 
USERNAME ahh good old s t.t eresa ! do u remeber when ms . dempsy brought us into the church to talk to us about bullying 
when my best friend won't reply 😖 😩😫 😢 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME 
USERNAME soon we have to hang out not lying , me you anthony hell whoever else from mansfeld oh and khy ! :( 
USERNAME i miss you so much more , we're at hookah right now . i wish you could come hangout with us :( 
#in6thgrade i had no sense of how to dress 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sigh , whatever; i'm over it 😔 😒 
i thought he was my bff but it was all fake 😢 
USERNAME lmfaao , mayne thos faces are cute :c && noo because im on a diet & my mom only feeds me fishh lol 
USERNAME hahaha i miss you and talking to you so often ! and USERNAME 😭 
you doin this on purpose now"USERNAME yarimar is growing up on me . 😥 URL 
boy do i miss jerome bettis . 3rd & 2 & we can't run for a first down . :-( 
USERNAME :-( yeah ... it messed up my jaw too ... thats how hard i hit . just last night i was able to bit down again . it happened fri . nt . 
agh eff the middle school days . i just want thanksgiving to be here ): 
USERNAME thinking bout some crazy past memeoried tonight morg :( 
i want someone to play black ops with me on ps3 :( 
880s @ fremont bl (ala ): :roadwork dumbarton bridge 7 pm - 5 am (was: sj arpt 30 min menlo prk 16 min milpitas 24 min) 
omg i feel so bad for this girl . :c 
USERNAME i miss your chinese/mexican self ! ! etah bayan ! wahh 😢 💓💓 
i wish i still had my cartilage and four bottom holes pierced . 😞 
30 mins left of my birthday . 💔 😓 😩 
echo de menos a mi nick ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( (((((( 
too lazy to even read the chapter summary on sparknotes 😞 
:( soo lol i thought i should lie a lil 
when you've lost so much weight that even your stretchy pants are too big . <<< :( #ineedtogoshopping 
today kayleigh wasnt in class , i was so lonely :( 
i wish i had the time/motivation to draw like i did in high school . 😔 #imissit 
USERNAME thank you . and ya . in about an hour or so . he's gonna be super early but i'm just too sick :( my body is like rejecting him 
perhaps the 5 hour nap earlier wasn't the best idea . 😞 
also , i'd like to get coffee before midnight . 😣 
you know something's wrong when the teacher asks who runs your country and pop out in your head 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME awe we all use to be so close :( #goodolmiddleschooldays #bffsthatsgrewapart 
USERNAME i know :( i have a surprise guest for you ! ! ! ! 
this poor girl is about to get her heart broken ... #catfish 💔 
i'd much rather be taking a calc test than out celebrating my birthday tomorrow ! #shitnobodysays #mylifesucks 😞 
USERNAME is it not going to well for u right now in your relationship :( 
in conclusion , i miss 6th , 7th & 8th grade 😔 #bestyearsever 
USERNAME facepalm not by pretending to be my grandpa 😣 🙈 
when i am doing work that i completely don understand i just want to give up forever 😞 
no one will ever know what it's like or how hard it is to be me .. 💔 😔 
#in8thgrade i met USERNAME and then he left a year later :'( 
so much stress right now :( i can't handle anymore :( 
all theses things are making me depressed . 😭 😨 😔 
it's crazy how much has changed just from freshmen year 😔 
USERNAME well ill probably be in ttown for the iron bowl weekend ! 😔 
a cold with itchy eyes plays havoc on trying to write code on a computer screen . :( 
USERNAME lol burgan was the best english teacher i had and it was definitely 'cause she a cutie ! i'm sure if i had yours , he'd be best :c 
USERNAME it would mean the world if you followed me ! . i hope for once you see this :( 
#in7thgrade me USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME tried to skip class and got caught within 10 mins . 😔 
:'( rt USERNAME #inmiddleschool i always walked to my grandma's after school and watched (cont) URL 
ew . this lounge now smells like feet . #gross :( 
i'm jealous :( my sister on ha fone wit ha lover nd mines nt talking tu me :( 
#in9thgrade i lost my innocence and the first people i ran to was USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME hahaha i was a baby :( 
USERNAME i know this only by bouncing on it , by myself . 😢 
USERNAME when i switch it to the front camera , it's just a blank white screen :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry ! got home and you had already left me :( 
USERNAME i didn't want to show you this , but ... this is what we missed :( URL 
USERNAME i know ! 😔 but i have to take it out for the job at hooters . 
#in2ndgrade i made the otters softball team , but i wanted to be on the badgers and i cried about it ... then got pneumonia and had to quit . :( 
feels like sunny is about to get her heart broken ! #catfish 😢 💔 
we ride together , we crash together lol jk 😔 @ downey regional hospital URL 
i wanna sleep but i have to shower still . 😭 no wonder so many people are swanky , it's easy . 
i'm agreeing to get one of them as a christmas gift :( theyre so cute “USERNAME bahahahaha this is hilarious ! URL 
USERNAME i got your chicken parm but mujo ate it :( 
USERNAME omg ! ! ! yes ! ! ! miss the old days :( (( 
#in7thgrade my last week at south was spent in iss :( 
the fact im not camping for black ops 2<<<<< 😭 😭 😭 😤😤 
USERNAME </3 i text her once in awhile ! aveces me pela aveces no /; 
USERNAME USERNAME i just wanted to chill with u before justin got here so we'd have one more best friend weekend 😔 😊 
7yrs old though , damnn .... these years have flown by ! 😥 😰 😪 
:'( sunday will be 2 years for you little buddy . watch over us and especially your little sister . miss you everyday . URL 
and go see christmas lights with someone 😔 ok that was my sad/lonely holiday tweet for the year . 
USERNAME sometimes anxiety can be chemical/physical instead of logical :( 
lool u didn't tell me u wanted nw ! ! ! USERNAME USERNAME haa my own nko :( ” 
USERNAME did i miss another hollie tp ? :( #worstluckever 
my dad got married when he was 18 and my brother was born .. i'm 21 and i don't even have a girlfriend 😔 lol 
USERNAME i hate when that happens ! ! 😭 😣 
USERNAME i know i failed that class :( did she lock you in there for the whole class period ? ! we were .. 
#in8thgrade i never wanted to graduate 27 was like my family 😔 
USERNAME i will ! but i really don't go up even 1/4 as much as i used to . i have only been there for halloween this year . :( 
i wanna sleep but i have to shower still . 😭 no wonder so many people are skanky , it's so much easier . 
i swear every time i'm driving we catch this damn train coming and gotta wait . . . 😔 😔 
USERNAME idk what to about you sir . you keep ignoring me n won't follow . #sadtweet 
USERNAME i'm sorry 😔 i mean , they make candy penises so i mean ? technically it could be that . 
i really want to go to the rodeo this weekend 😔 #yeehaw #notgonnahappen 
USERNAME i got to yvcc . u surprised rachel but not me :( 
when his mad at me i shutdown completely and i just feel like its my fault because it is im not a good girlfriend :( 
i am so glad i don't go to mcc 😥 
USERNAME is my idol he will never tweet or rt me or follow me :( 
USERNAME this is depressing :( yeah cause we had good times ! we always did stupid stuff haha . i miss you haley 😞 
really wish things would fall into place & work out for once in my life 😔 #doubtful 
#in2ndgrade sebastian correa caught a peek at my purple undies & from then on yelled whenever he saw me . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME stop ! ! ! i'm so emotional your gonna make me cry 😢 
i cannot let myself start watching these basketball games . otherwise my 8 am will not be attended . school ruins everything 😔 
just remembered i have a big test tomorrow #fml 🔫 
thanks ! ! great way to ruin my night :'( 
USERNAME </3 .. i'm gunna be so lonely . damn . 
USERNAME i was heart broken thank you very much ! :( 
seriously in tears and so sad with the text i just got . 😢 
i don't want to go back to work tomorrow 😣 this day off spoiled me ! wahh 
USERNAME that was seriously awful and dumb . i remember mrs . frey waiting for me at the door after a field trip and she ruined my day 😢 
i was doing really good until that too . 😥 😭 
💔 i hate nights like this . i just want her back and my life to be ok again . . . 
ever wonder how someone truly feels about you instead of going off what they tell you :( 
we were so close #in8thgrade 😔 😢 USERNAME USERNAME URL 
USERNAME :( so mean to me when i was nice to youu 
all of this #inmiddleschool and #inelementaryschool makes me miss being a kid :( 
USERNAME tryin to get a follow or a tweet out of you kinda makes me sad that i give up :( its hard 
i never snapchat people back cause i can never take a good picture 😔 😔 😔 
don't ! i work all day ): i wanna see ! 
i've never made a boy feel the way i just have in the past 4 months ... ❤ 😞 
USERNAME hahaha me too ! i hated waiting in line to play ! i don't think it's even around anymore :( 
USERNAME 😢 😢 sweetest thing i've heard all night after your mom calling me beautiful ❤ 
i'm in pain :( why is my stomach acting like this ? ! 
USERNAME my name isn't mariah ! >:/ hahaha . no tengo tu numero :( 
this steelers game is stressing me out . 😰 😭 
#in6thgrade mr . miller cried because we were his favorite class and we were leaving him 😢 
USERNAME i have mine too ! omg . i miss you ... :( 
"USERNAME missing my bbyg 😢 URL she is soo pretty <3 
i love the fact i can nosegrind but i cannot get out of it ... :'( cry me a river 
USERNAME i just saw old joe the other day ! now i can't find it ... 😥 those were the days . #loveyoumore 
USERNAME liam liam my mom changed her credit card number and now i can't buy take me home on itunes :-( :-( follow me please ? ? 
USERNAME i am so sorry 😔 we will figure something out😫 
first day of my new promotion ! woot go me ! off to #bed . i #hate that i'm not rolling over next to my #boyfriend . waa :( miss you baby <3 
USERNAME nick broke his leg ? ! omg ): how ? 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm kind of upset nick doesn't remember this ..... ): 
i would do unspeakable things to not go back to boston . #depressed 
i murdered yet another laptop 😡 👿 😡 👿 💔 😢 😢 😭 😭 😭 #mehh #imgonnagocrynow 
can USERNAME just come move to the boro and live with me ? 💔 #ineedher 
rt me too girl :( like sorry i'm educated ! #getalife 
USERNAME tweet me please niall it's my bday ! ! no ... ? okay :( goodnight .. 
omfg i bawled so hard whenever this episode came on :'( URL 
someone that used to be a big brother to me but now i never hear from or see them ? ? USERNAME 😔 👎 
USERNAME i've never seen #thevoice :( no cable but i'm a big fan anyways ! 
i wish i could fall next to you and not have to leave :( 
when all you want to do is go to sleep but every noise is like nails on a chalkboard <<< #shootme #sick 😷 😢 😴 i miss living in the suburbs 
taking baby wiz for her second vaccines tomorrow , spaying , and her rabies shots . she's staying there for a full day& nite . 😔 
USERNAME noo ! i don’t want one :( is your wish list current ? 
i love twitter nights like these . 😊 even though i would of been asleep an hour ago ... 😞 💤 
i really wanted to go work out today , but car troubles preventented me from goin :-( 
USERNAME thanks booboo ! haha what are molly's anyway .... 😦 
i wish i was sipping cider and singing covers with USERNAME #miss her 😢 
the only time i get a text is when it's from twitter . #sadtweet 
these #inmiddleschool tweets got me tearing up a little . i miss dickinson days . :( 
can't sleep . i really want to sleep though . 😿 😿 😿 
seeing an old man cry on tv breaks my heart ! i will definitely cry with him .. 😭 
USERNAME lol yeah and i bet it's a girl ! ! ! 😧 🙀 
USERNAME liiamm :( you'll never notice me but i just wanted to let you know i love you & you're so special . 
i'm sad af .. USERNAME is ignoring me 😔 😢 
USERNAME but who knows when that'll be :'( wahh i miss the good ole days of team slumber parties and your dad getting facials lololol 
:( i am going to be so miserable this week ...... #productivityfail #procrastination #allnighters #midterms 
lol just now randomly heard USERNAME screaming down stairs a t.t he dog .... poor doggie :( 
#in6thgrade my hair was a little bit past the middle of my back ! ! 😔 #regretcuttingit 
#in12thgrade my favorite teacher died :( #r . i . p #ms . smithers 
knowing that she's not suffering anymore doesn't make losing her any easier ): 
although i finished the essay , can’t say i’m proud of it . 😔 
USERNAME aww . i'll be just waking up for school when you go there :( i wish i could skip school and just go but i'm in new jersey 
no i don't :( you suck at it too lmao ! & you suck at racing games ! #subtweet 
don't feel well :( want to be home right now .. #missmydad 
USERNAME lol , almost all of them are irritating though :c 
USERNAME #swollen ... and mommy won't let meh call you ): 
i miss staying out late looking at the stars and never wanting to leave . or watching movies :( . blah the little things mattered to me i miss 
USERNAME cannot believe ben is hurt ! ! ! ! ! please not be serious :( get better , we need you ! ! ! ! ! 
"USERNAME “USERNAME right in the pokéfeels :c URL me right now URL URL 
my heart is shattered . 💔 💔 💔 💔 . 
help ! ! i havent got some in 4 weeks :( (( 
my head is pounding and i have a fever :( #hatebeingsick 
#in middle school i got my first crush he was a cuteass nerd .. but then he turned into a pothead ): #sadlife .. 
USERNAME aw , i'm sorry to hear that :( i hated middle school , haha 
i suddenly have been getting in a bad mood every night since friday 😞 
think mom shut down the internet because i was being too loud with halo :( 
i hate the heat , but then again i want it back because i hate being cold . 😣 
i wish i had a tv in my apartment 😔 
#in7thgrade we were a family 💔 USERNAME and USERNAME and USERNAME URL 
USERNAME i know .. poor thing :( lol she's oblivious 
USERNAME how many tweets do you get cause i try hard , and still nothing :( 
USERNAME oh how i wish that was me :( i'm crying . la fans got no pics tho bebe 
USERNAME ik :( i miss seeing your sexy face everyday ! ! & bad news i won't be in al tomorrow :/ we need classes together ! ! 
#in8thgrade i said i wanted to punch dre in the face and we had beef for like a month 😔 #nowwerebrostho 
do i seriously have to meet with nikki batt for the 3rd time in less than a month ? it's going to be a long 4 years #fml 
i'm tired of all of this , i'm just going to stop talking to everyone & cry . #done ): 
i wish jordan was awake so i could cuddle w . him :( he always makes momma feel better . 
should probably take my ass to bed if i plan on getting up for school tomorrow . . 😒 😁 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah i wasn't able to be a part of that memory 💔 #damnwork 
#inmiddleschool i was the awkward girl with boobs ... #fml #fatgirlprobs 
USERNAME not when he told me no to a kiss :( . lol 
USERNAME why couldn't senior skip day be tomorrow ! ! poo :( 
USERNAME i was just thinking about you the other day and i told myself to remember to text you but obvi that didn't happen 😭 
having to go to work at 6am << 😣 🔫 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss it so much too , everything was so easy then haha i miss you girls so much 😔 
got to wake up at 7 on my only day off to take my baby odom to the vet for his first shots . 😢 
you changed out of nowhere and it sucks because i'm stuck on the old you . 😕 😔 
#thereach rt USERNAME ur boobs are mini too tho rt USERNAME my cakes are kinda mini 😔 ” 
USERNAME as soon as you come on i have to go to sleep :( 
#in7thgrade i meet this pretty girl who i miss so much USERNAME me n her were always science parents <3 3 miss those times </3 
this poor girl is going to get her heart broken 💔 #catfish 
it looks like my classes next semester are gonna look about the same as mine now 😭 fuuck 😨 😩 
really wish i was wasted instead of sitting in capen trying to get hours of homework done . #depressed #not gonnahappen 
i get bored while my sis is sleeping 😔 #nothingtodo URL 
i honestly just wish that everyone could meet the boys because everyone deserves it :( #makeithappen 
USERNAME danielle does :( we're supposed to be the three amigops :( 
went to get my favorite jeans and remembered i ripped them 😢 #damn 
i'm heated af right now . people post some stupid shit on the internet . that nigga need his dick and head cut off ! that's ashame 😾 😤 😡 
USERNAME i didn't get to see you :( i hope i will soon 
USERNAME seriously though you khy and trey and cassy are the only one who really left us :( 
USERNAME i couldnt come today so i couldnt see u im leaving ma at 1 so i winter be there till later :( 
for the last 2 nights my dinner has been pasta salad nothing else 😔 
when you finally get comfy in your bed and you have to pee .... 😒 😣 😩 
@ gamestop w/ aus #blackops2 #xbox #fml #hes gonna be on all night :/ #wah 
no more purple hair all of them fell out very very pissed ! ! ! ! ! :( 
i love how the week after i leave newyork , USERNAME is there . #shootme #fml 
USERNAME i didn't get to see you i love on the other side of the country ! :( ((( 
USERNAME well u aparently dislike me too u always ignore me :( i just want a follow n an i love u is that too much :/ 
#in9thgrade i had my first boyfriend ... and he turned into the first major regret . i can't believe that i wasted my first kiss :( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 yu walk like this 🚶🚶🚶💃🚶🚶🚶💃🚶💃🏃🏃🏃🏃🏃 
dear mama - 2pac <3 3 :[ >> i love you mommy ❤ 
USERNAME :( ugh i miss you all so much . there is no one like you who shares my love of harry potter and my odd sense of humor . 
USERNAME USERNAME i think carlos is mad at me ): #sadtweet 
i feel horrible . stay outta my way or ill punch you square in the face . i seriously don't even care . i wish mom would let me stay home .. :'( 
USERNAME and if he isn't wanting that then i think just it's time to find someone that does :( i don't wanna see u wasting time 
USERNAME 😳 😳 😳 really though ? ? 😔 😔 
lmfao , everyone cheated off of me it was sad 😭 
squats before bed because i'm psychotic and i want USERNAME ass . 😔 
#in6thgade me USERNAME and USERNAME were all bestfriends #artclass #goodtimes #missyouguys 💔 
my bestfriend is sad 😔 and there's nothing i can do ... great 
USERNAME so i just saw your tweet loll btw i went to clock out today and it didn't work ! :( you or val need to fix it for me idk how lol 
niggas really confessing to eating ass 😒 i thought that shit was a myth 😔 
it's out it's out it's out . #brbhyperventilating #noticemeniall #1dfieldtripbusride #sohappy #lif @ heaven 😭 😭 URL 
USERNAME oh yea . that lil deet about being a grown up :( bleh #imabouttotextu #twinproblems 
USERNAME i wish i could be there ! but i'm 9 hours away :( 
i'm not going to get to go hunting at all this year . 😔 first year i haven't went since i was 10. 
i miss my elementary friends : natia harris & kayla mackey #sadtweet 
USERNAME i dont even try anymore i lost hope </3 
guess i wasn't cool ... 😥 ... 😣 ... 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME ingat ka today bebe .. have a great day godbless mwah mwah tsup tsup hamisshuu so much .. :( USERNAME 
staying up late to watch #teenmom2 since i missed the premier at 9 :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #cantwait 😘 
a bottle of loritab would be of great use right now . #somuchpain 😭 
USERNAME i was singing it over and over it again you're doesn't make sense 😔 
USERNAME but the fans at the la hotel were so quiet and chill the whole time ! ! i don't get it :'( 
ima dumb ass . i cant stop shoppin 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME oh my gosh ! ! that was so long ago ! ! i miss you too girl :( #comehome 
the restore the shore commercial seriously makes me just wanna cry 😥 we can . we will . rebuild ❤ 
USERNAME bugging me while i'm trying to watch a movie . i can't ever watch a whole movie without being interrupted > :( & you like the show 
im trusting my life in the hands of USERNAME soon :-( pray for me 
i cant take this . i need to go to new york now . this is so unfair . #fml 
noo my tl won't load 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME hahaha aw i wanna go back :( can't wait to see u over thanksgiving 😬😬 
USERNAME so u need to come back for new yrz :( 
USERNAME omg i wish i would've heard the phone call ! ! :( (((( like i kinda hope it works out , but then again this is just fuckin weird 
USERNAME once upon a time we were best fiends . now what are we ? step-brothers ? #sadday 
USERNAME USERNAME i just forgot to say the 😭 😭 
it's like a little piece of me dies everytime i look in my bag and i don't have a liter . #stoneprobz #fml #butreally 
USERNAME it's mind blowing . i just had to get a new paper bc i cried a river . 😭 lol 
a good time that shit didn't matter . we had fun just being our selves and being goofy . thats why what we had was love and real . not fake :( 
USERNAME duhh . i need a slushy pronto .. i haven't had one since summer 😔 
happy veterans day papa ! ! ! i love you and miss you so so much :'( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
that moment when microsoft word decides to quit on you when you're in the middle of a care plan . #awesome #fml 
😔 a nigga is real salty bruh i wish my baby was here right now neva n my lif hav i felt lik this ! 😩 
USERNAME oh my gosh .... this makes me miss it like crazy :( 
actually i just want to travel and forget all the horrible things that i faced and of course with my parent . just let me be already :( 
when will it all stop ? i'm running out of tears . 😪 💔 
USERNAME thank you ! ❤ i had to call off today 😞 then a few hours ago jordan started to throw up and have a little diarrhea , too . #sucks 
USERNAME USERNAME sorry home girl ... i want tim's too ... i've been showering and losing my purse and findin it . #fml 
USERNAME afraid it has to be because of how you do me 😔 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ahh yes we had so much fun :( reunion soon ! 
mann i won't feel right comin home on a bus ..... :( 
getting five hours of sleep so i can get to the school and hour and a half early to do my whole project . look for me in the library studs . 😢 
i know :c stupid school . why can't we atleast have class or lunch together ? >,< 
#r . i . p . charlotte 😪 😢 # littlethings USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
never felt like this before , are we friends or are we more ? #changemymind #onedirection :[ 
USERNAME naaw nvm ! :( i'm going on saturday just give me the money on friday , cause i cant play in the torneys or tomorrows game 
#in7thgrade mrs . thomas screamed at me ngl i think i shat myself 😞 
i'm beyond jealous of USERNAME and her pre-order awesomeness of #paradise . :( 
please , please come after me ... i'll save you , like you saved me ... ❤ 😔 
USERNAME i can't go because i have class at university ): this is the worst ! i hope you have a good show though , love xx 
USERNAME & then you got arrested for paint balling a house & your parents made you cut your cute little curls :( 
#in12thgrade i had the best school year of my life . i want it back so bad :( 
half my room is decorated in surfing posters and i can't even surf 😭 curse my non athletic body 
ugh i should be finishing cleaning my room but i got lazy after i ate my turkey meatballs :( 
USERNAME i've only scanned it so far ... that's sufficient . but i hate it . already . i hate reading . why can't i just be illiterate 😞 
and the insecurities , doubts , and assumptions all kick in now ... great .. 😔 💔 
that 40 bucks that got stolen from me would be in great use right now for many reasons 😔 
ain't even have to put me out like that :( lol rt USERNAME #oomf gotta big ass head 
USERNAME i love you so much , downloading #takemehome now 😭 😭 #alreadyknowallthewords #noticemeniall #oneday #realityruinedmylife 
if your not snapchating me then your life is so sad ): 
USERNAME why couldn't it be thursday ? ! i have thursday morning off ! :( USERNAME 
😔 why over time . too tired to keep watching lol 
i hate when my mom knows i'm drunk when i come home :( 
sigh i fucking lose :( day after day goes bye ... ain't shit gna happen . well have fun with him idc 
USERNAME we're never gonna be able to reminisce through old pics . 💔 
someone tell my go catfish ends ! ! ! ! since i don't have any cable :( 
flipping back and forth between catfish and the game . both making me nervous af 😣 
USERNAME mee neither . ima finish it tomorrow . she just gone have to accept late .. :( 
USERNAME i don't know any young kids who r going 2 school . :( lol i'm so stinkin old ! ! ! u have 2 teach me how 2 recruit ! 
USERNAME regardless , we still need to catch up :( 
played my brother nba2k13, i lost 😔 score 71-68 not bad for my first time playing the game ! 👍 
what are the odds . i'm really upset with my bad luck right now . 😔 
seriously pittsburgh ? overtime ? against the damn chiefs ? really ? really ? steelers are better than this ... way better than this . #smh #nfl 😒 😞 
i really miss everyone i went to elementary school with . and all the fun we had together 😭 
missing my baby crúz while he's at his first sleepover with USERNAME 😿 
USERNAME i know . i havent seen you in like a year ! 😢 
when there's absolutely nothing you can do but cry < #rip 💔 
moment of silence for the teacher that's still wearing gaucho pants 😔 
jevohn nim don't want to get me one either . :( 
USERNAME waa i'm gonna miss you so much these next few weeks :( take me to mexico w you ! 
from day one , july 30 1998 to this day , november 12 2012 i have never ever ever missed ayla so much </3 333 
#in6grade i used to (and still do) love to watch the rugrats . :( i'm sad they don't show it any more 
USERNAME gotta do whtcha gotta do . and i was gunna go get it to tonight but i realized i haven't even payed for it . just the 5$ 😭 
USERNAME trust me i did as soon as i got to college i'm below the nobody's 😔 
i just hit my dog priscilla like 243145 times hella hard af on her back and i feel so bad now 😔 😣 😖 
at least don't tell me you're busy with school & work when you're clearly not > :( 
USERNAME aww i miss you and everyone from southwest so much 😭 😩😫 
USERNAME i love you soo much ! wish i could see you ! that would make my night ! but i live in trinity al and yall don't come here :( 
USERNAME i miss you too i can't find girls like y'all at lhhs :'( 
i really wanted to c u but i got caught up doing things at my grandmas house :( 
why doesn't the score app have the ahl in it :( ? ! #sadtweet 
USERNAME would you guys ever come to maine ? i think you should ? please please :( xx 
when i'm about to fall asleep i have a coughing fit 😞 😷 #sicklife 
super sad cant relate to anyone's #inmiddleschool tweets 😥 😫 
USERNAME same ! ... i had a pair of checkered pants :( hahaha i'm lame .... 
it's so gucking cold ! ! ! ! it's gonna be even colder in my room too , .. 😣 
USERNAME it's my last game as a student so i'll probably be in the student section . :( but thanks for the offer ! 
noo ! ! ! dammit ! ! ! dwane bowe just beat my fantasy team by 1 with that last catch :( lost another close one . congrats USERNAME 
USERNAME i have an 8am 😭 thank god it's not a test day . i knew this was going to happen 
i wish i could fall asleep next to you and not go home :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME this was the worst time of my life #shorthairproblems #dykeproblems 😭 😭 😭 😭 🙈🙈🙈🙈 
USERNAME i come monday night and i leave sat morning :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME honestly me too , and i remember you had glasses lmfao ! and you were scared to run down my stairs 😭 👏👏 
USERNAME you can come stay at my house and you don't have go back :( 
#inmiddleschool me & USERNAME was bestfriends .. but then we fell off . </3 
my dad doesn't wanna go get black ops 2 😭 😭 😭 
i still haven't got a james avery ring . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME it shows up on my news feed late 😔 
USERNAME literally wasted $600 for plane tickets to the winter classic to fly back home to detroit .. it was cancelled . #broke 😭 
i really hate when people don't text back 😣 😔 
major headache . i think i slept wrong ! ? 😣 
USERNAME these are the longest 20 min of my life ! ! :( 
USERNAME i can't stay up late :( will have to span at least a day . heh 
:( rt USERNAME i'm not a stranger ..... i just don't fuck with you . 
USERNAME USERNAME idk just said bunk bun .... bunk 😭 i'm pathetic 
USERNAME haha , that's what i'm saying ! ! oh well , it's gone now ! 😔 
#inkindergarten i got a red card everyday and never got to play in the kitchen 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
id rather listen to nails on a chalk board than to chris tomlin .... his music follows me everywhere :-( #automaticearache 
USERNAME don't you already know i love #takemehome but i needed to see you in la :( 
i think if i didn't move we'd still be together 💔 
i miss my middle school friends , they all went to wilson 😔 
i'm so hungry and there is nothing to eat :( 
#in4thgrade i went out with USERNAME for like 3 days also and she also broke my heart 💔 USERNAME 😁😁😁 
#in6thgrade my boobs were the same size the are now 😔 😞 😭 
#inmiddleschool i didn't know jalen . my life sucked 💔 💔 
this hot iraqi muslim blogger on tumblr .... must you live in la , son ? >_< #sadtweet . 
USERNAME dido ... i've done that so many times this year ... 😔 
i hate tuesdays ! ! long day at school :( 
#in10thgrade the school was at its best miss that year :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i never get texts from carter ! ! #unloved # 💔 
having an especially difficult and stressful time with all things school related this year :( 
USERNAME 😳 😳 😳 😳 that's just wrong of me ! 😔 😔 
USERNAME pshh more like 3 hours and 20 minutes 😔 
the roommate got a twitter USERNAME now everyone has to stop talkin crap on her 😔 
not having a computer nor tv sucks :( i just want my mac and my tv fixed and i will be happy ! 
USERNAME well then , i’m so sorry for your loss . :( 
USERNAME rightt , wtfys ! i spent time on that letter too ! instead i got a fuckin hamster . like wtf ? aha . nah but my hamster just died </3 
USERNAME boo ! i though you forgot about me :( 
i juss still want her to call me at night ! i really miss it :( 
he sure is but yu not gone bless em wit that breath 😖 😲 😣 😥 
USERNAME ... the fat girl dancing on the table 😞 
i miss USERNAME already ! :'( thank you for visiting me this weekend ! 😘 #atl #missyou @ house of blues URL 
i want to be held by #oomf ! (shrugs] sad at the fact that it has to be this way . 😔 😞 
ugh , why am i so different than everybody ? #ifeelsoawkward #leftout ): 
godd damnn , this is awkward . this poor girl , :( 
USERNAME would you ever come to maine ? i think you should ? please :( xx 
words can not even describe how wonderful my life is right now . cheer is going amazing , my boyfriend is great .. but school is awful .. 😞 🔫 
in 8th grade mr schiro made the whole class throw paper balls at me and then made me pick them up on the first day of school </3 
lol why do i pick 1130 to start my homework ? ? #procrastinator #isuck #lazy #bum #fml 🔫 
#in7thgrade USERNAME brother told me she got hit by a bus :( but she really just transferred to hickman lol 
busy at work it doesn't look like i'm getting off at midnight #jfklife 😔 @ agi 23b cargo b URL 
#in8thgrade adam moodt farted in mrs hallets class and everyone blamed me .. and it stuck with me the whole yr . 😞 
USERNAME i haven't done noranjo's essay ! :c i'm scared . and i haven't done the sbs . so don't be mad -_- 
ooh . :/ thats so upsetting . how do people lie like this ? ? :( #catfish 
i don't think i should be laughing this hard ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 lmbo ! ! 
USERNAME , i was ! but then my mom said no ): 
learning the immune system is just as painful as being beat multiple times in the shin with a baseball bat . 😭 
USERNAME whatt how so ? i haven't seen :( lol 
all my hours are gone to shit this week :( 
aud was right , it ended up being a fat chick 😣 this is soo sad ! 
6th 7th 8th 9th 10th grade i got no bitches . #sadtweet  
USERNAME i just told her havent retweeted because she is sick :( 
i want to watch the chiefs , but my bed is calling my name . 10 hour shift tomorrow ..... 😣 
USERNAME de brazil creo , pq habla portugues la canija :( , haha .. obvio ! ! pero digo nosotras algo bien como lo q agarro ella no como lo 
USERNAME :( i will tuck you in boo . 😉 
i want to go to bed but noo the steelers have to go into overtime #fml 
lookin at old pictures . bringin back memories , i miss it 😢 #goodtimes 
#in6thgrade i was about as tall as i am now . maybe an inch taller now . 5'5 1/2 forever 😔 
USERNAME are you too cool to follow me jared ? ! is it because i never let you eat my food in math ? i let you have a dorito today ... :( 
USERNAME lmaoo ! i knew this was coming . i got the big ole pink highlighter x 😔 sowwy paigeyy you know i love your hairy self ! 
seriously ? #creepylesbian on #catfish . i am sad ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME shit jay , you were right ! ! ! oh my god 😧 
USERNAME garbage though -- it's sad really . it seems like things keep getting worse with every generation in that regard . :( 
i'm never gonna get married . 😒 😔 😔 😞 😞 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME love her vocals , not a fan of the song becuz of some of jay's lyrics :( ( 
USERNAME we were gonna ask you if you wanted to go to the casino ! but then we got too lazy :( 
i hate to see people i care about sad :( 
i can usually hold everything in but tonight i broke . #sadtweet 
#iam influenced by what ppl think of me :( #waytomuch 
USERNAME awhh jim jim i miss you ! ! ! ! ! 😔 
getting up for advising is always a process 😞 URL 
that girl is so beautiful . why would this butch girl do this ? i feel so bad for her :( 
USERNAME yeah , that mf was a thugg ! lol . & yeah he died like 2 weeks ago </3 
USERNAME and that's when i finally met you and i miss you terribly ): 
someone bring me popcorn , hershey's almond king size bar and icee please . we ran out of junk food at home 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME but you guys are so precious but you dislike la even tho we were calm #sadtweet 
#in7thgrade mrs . evans made fun of me because i was pitting out and was trying to hide it during choir 😭 
“USERNAME #inmiddleschool i was always with USERNAME i miss that 😔 
i have to be up at 5am tomorrow . fml :( 
ugh c'mon man . i hate me some steelers 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME she broke her finger and has to get surgery :( (( 
everybody talking about middle school makes me miss it :'( #goodtimes 
USERNAME i won't be there tomorrow :( take care of quinn for me 
#inmiddeschool the boys called me lil wayne because i had braids 😔 
#insixthgrade . USERNAME hated me for no reason what a ratchet :( 
it's landing on all the leaves and making loud noises :'( 
please follow me or i wont stop crying :'( please 
i'm soo pissed i can't watch catfish right now :( 
just want things to be different for once , is that so much to ask for ? 😥 
#in2ndgrade i hid in USERNAME and USERNAME garbage can during manhun t.t his was the same day i met them #firstimpressions #goodstart 
not how i wanted to spend my monday night after a 14 hour workday . nope . #fml 
USERNAME yes ! they treated me terribly . 😾 & all i had done was taken a picture & posted it on facebook 😤 
USERNAME by babee , have fun with your game ... see you in august :( 
i really wish i didn't work tomorrow and i could go with my mom to take my sis to her procedure 😢 #poorsissy 
everyone pray for me that i do well on my exam tomorrow ... i need all the help i can get . 😣 
wish the hospital had mtv , so pissed i miss teen mom and i'm missing catfish now ... wtf man ! 😔 
all these cute followers and none of them dm me :/ #sadtweet lol 
USERNAME we were 😔 💖 💔 and id always go to your house & we'd sneak out with USERNAME and brandon bell ! :( 
#inmiddleschool my mom cut my hair soo freaking short it made me look stupid-er ! ! ! #ilovedmylonghair 😔 💇💁 
and now im legit going to cry cuz little things on xf :( fuck 
USERNAME wahh 😢 i'm not getting him any of that . oh well i'll figure something out . we need to plan out presents soon . 😘 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME y'all were making fun of me all night 😭 
USERNAME saw post on USERNAME #wwf fb page that USERNAME about to pass you for days tittle has been held consecutively :'( what to do now ? hope 
USERNAME i wish you can :( i miss u buddy ! 
USERNAME sad :( i partied with your cousin like a couple months ago ... lol i was like tf is randy ? 
nobody wants to believe i'm hood , little do they know 👊💢 😥 🔫 😵 
USERNAME but they have jobs and we don’t so jackets , blouses , and ties all around :( 
USERNAME watch .. the boys are going to wake up in 6-7 hrs .. and they are gona throw u outta bed and ur going to be half asleep :( lol 
i'm gaining weight :( fack i need to fix myself ! ! 
USERNAME hahah , you always call me out on the same thing every single time . :( my badd . 
USERNAME USERNAME when tyler made me lose my first conduct point 😭 
oh no ... nightline is getting ready to skewer michael jackson's character again ! shit thought bashir was gone ! :( 
USERNAME no i don't have it because i have to wait for it to get here in the mail tomorrow . > :( 
#intenthgrade i broke USERNAME collar bone 😳 😳 😳 😔 
“USERNAME hahahaha omg these are wonderful #emailsfrombecca #in4thgrade URL you never forgave me 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i will pursue , but its a 5 member board with 4 dems :( 
extended tryouts tomorrow .... its been a rough weekend :( 
si o si ! but i tried they no let me :c c 
USERNAME me too we had so much fun together :( and i agree ! 
#in8grade morgan beichner told me i was her role model 😢 
i'm not even convinced you exist anymore .. i don't know what to do .. i tried and now i don't have you anymore . :( 
USERNAME no but seriously- forgot to grab brown rice when i was at whole foods :( 
it really annoys me when people complain about a simple headache . trying living with migraines 24/7, then you can complain . #epilepticprobz 😥 
USERNAME please please please follow me ? ! :( x 
i just wanna sleep ... but i still have hw :( 
times like this i wish i had my closest friends back ... 😔 
the new mtv show catfish is something serious .... 😔 
USERNAME please please please follow me ? ! :( xx 
these heating pads better work or i won't be able to move tomorrow . 😞 #oldladyproblems #ouch 
cool ... dry socket ... #hell 😷👎 😢 😓 😥 😰 😫 😞 
what i would do for someone to take me to disneyland for christmas 😔 
good food after a great game . miami baby ......... sorry houston ! :( lol (@ the cheesecake factory w/ 3 others) URL 
why is my english essay on love ? 😒 😭 💔 
#honestynight i wish i could tell you how i feel 💔 😔 
we've been good friends since elementary school and i was really hoping to go to prom with you considering this is basically the end :( 
my nephew turned 5 yesterday and i missed it ... 😞 😔 
USERNAME dude i cryed when my ginni pig died :'( lmao yourr so mean alex . go drink bleach or eat frog legs 
eww i'm disgusted with this episode of #catfish . so wrong ! i feel bad for sunny :( 
can someone shoot me bc a whole lot of sexy celebrity's that i love like 1d cody jayden justin they are all in new york and i'm in fl :( 
ain't talked to my boyfriend all day i miss him .. :( 
my bed is so warm . do i have to go to work ? :( 
gonna be along day at echs tomorrow ...... 😔 ✌ 
against #gaymarriage ? might wanna rethink that (in addition to just getting w/the times & learning true acceptance ): URL 
called my pappy today and wished him a happy veterans day . he slow with his words , can't hear that well , and just seems awful . #hatethis :( 
USERNAME please please please follow me ? ! :( especially since you didn't stop at burbank ! ! 
nate moved to lakota and forgot about our friendship 💔 
#5thgradesummer i ditched all my parkland buddies and went to lms .... :( 
i miss so many people in my life . it hurts me but not them 💔 
USERNAME please please please follow me ? ! :( especially since you didn't stop in burbank ! ! 
USERNAME i just got home from work and am so upset i missed it ! 😔 
USERNAME :( lets do that asap please the weekends approaching . 
USERNAME she was running and fell on the concrete 😥 
a porn addict just retweeted me & dm me 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
#in7thgrade i fucking tortured ms sockaloff and made her cry :( i also had to be escorted to class by the principal -__- 
USERNAME please please please follow me ? ! :( especially since you didn't stop in burbank ! ! babes 
i'm starting to save all my money so i can get a nose job ! i fucking hate my nose ! 😞 
why doesn't snapchat work on my phone ! ? :( 
USERNAME *looks back almost trips* 💪💪💪 i won look at them guns son ! *runs back* 😚 sorry i beat you up ! 😢 
me and USERNAME have some seriously disturbing convos 😳 😥 we are freaks 
there's the cassel we all know and hate ... #turnovercentral #depression 
it really annoys me when people complain about a simple headache . try living with migraines 24/7, then you can complain . #epilepticprobz 😥 😔 
USERNAME not yet ... is that the only thing that's gonna get you to visit me ? :( 
USERNAME yess ! ! i actually might not even be able to go with u guys to get it :( 
USERNAME please please please follow me ? ! :( especially since you didn't stop in burbank ! ! pot favor con tanto amor 
USERNAME oh lol well i’m sure ill catch up on what u are taking about lol (remind me again lol) i’m 20 in jan , getting old :( 
i guess even tho i care if your okay you still aren't gonna talk to me . 💔 👎😪 
i wish it was 5 ... i just want to go home and sleep 😔 #workinggirl 
do i welcome her tramp roots too ? 😒 😣 
it's snowing , & my bed is so warm and cozy . but it's missing one thing ... USERNAME :( 
what kind of idiot brings an infant to a mid night release of cod when it's 45 degrees out ... wha t.t he . fuck 
i don't think USERNAME realized i tweeted about her 😔 
someone please txt me and make ne feel better :( i feel so sick :( 
#in7thgrade USERNAME called me a over xbox within the firs 2 minutes of talking to him 😢 😣 
:( ((((((( told you i was a bitch :( (((((( 
USERNAME good ! don't leave d: you have so many people here that love and would miss you ! :c c 
USERNAME are you ok ? ? ? so sorry to hear this ! :-( 
#catfish is crazyy . i feel bad for this girl :( 
sick and sleepy :( working a double again tommrooww nighty night . 
USERNAME believe me i'm not but i guess i understand 😔 
when your boyfriend tells you he is really trying to get deployed within the next year #upset 😥 😢 😭 #dontleave #usmc 
omg i go outside , thinking my cat is outside so i go in shorts and a shirt with my hair in a bun and there's 2 cute guys outside #fml -_- 
me and bagel head just watched the first episode of this season of dexter so i shall conclude with this comment: 😦 😳 
i gets no love 😔 , it's tough for a young g . 
i miss my baby girl USERNAME :( talk about a bad day ! but i sure look good ! URL 
#inmiddleschool i wanted a boyfriend so bad and now i haven't been single for almost 3 years and i miss it 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm missing out in this whole conversation . but 4 banger neutral bombs sound great ! no more e-brakes tho . :( 
USERNAME i didn't go due to some unseen parental consent . so sorry :( 
home sick with the flu :( this really sucks and to add on he won't text me back :( guess its a crappy night ... 
hitting the pillow and shutting the eyes long day tomorrow school than tryouts can't wait #basketball #season #finally #starting #up 😊 😭 🏀 ❤ 
i can never get away from asking all them questions . it's everywhere :( 
#in8thgrade we had a little group of friends . like it was me kamlia , edwin , rene , raul , eric , justin , chris , jesus , steven . i miss it) ): 
USERNAME it was soo good :&:$-&/ ! &-$: i wish you could of had some :( 
it's real life fuckin ❄❄❄smh was not suppose to come back to this shit 😞 😞 😞 
#inhighschool i am a faggot new girl with no friends 😞 
i'm feeling something strong not gonna like tweet for a few minutes omg :( 
USERNAME drink lots of water . i’ve heard it can be really painful :( 
USERNAME please stop being mean to USERNAME please it makes me cry to fight on twitter :'( 
i hate that i took my whole closet for only two days ): now i have to hang everything back up),: 
it was a good night until now , fuck this :'( 
#in7grade me , karen and britney were all crying in the girls bathroom :( ( 
i don't like when i feel discouraged , when i feel like giving up :( 
what if you would decide that you don't want me by your side that you don't me there in your life :/ </3 
i keep seeing all these #in6thgrade posts :( idk what to say . too many things happened that year ... (horrible things ... ) 
USERNAME i know :( and he's been out around here all the time recently 
USERNAME whatta troll ... i feel bad for the blondiee :( 
2 of my best friends are going to be out of the country when i turn 21. can't help but be sad about this :/ history is repeating itself #fml 
USERNAME why can't chickfila be open ! ! ! ! ! 😔 🐔🐣 😣 
USERNAME i went to almost all of them ! i had no idea you hadn't been . :( 
cat fish is soo messed up ! poor girl :( 
#in9thgrade i should of really cuffed #oomfs ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 🙊💏 ❤ 💔 
#inmiddleschool me and USERNAME spent everyday of the summer together #missthis :( 
i wanna go to the movies ! haven't gone since a long time 💔 
i miss california ....... 💔 @ running springs , ca URL 
USERNAME and USERNAME are making me tear up . #seniors2013 😥 
USERNAME i miss that ! 😔 but okay , i saw that the other day and i was like wait , i don't think i just imagined her being in our grade ! 
i still have a scar on my leg from being too crazy with USERNAME and running around by the lake ): 
i just lost to USERNAME because of shaun suisham's overtime field goal . #fml URL 
USERNAME that's my old seat ! she moved me :( 
USERNAME but ... 😩😩 i thought you loved me 😭 
wish things were like how they were in highschool ! #missit #sadtweet 😞 
headache , can't sleep . what i'm gonna do :( 
well , that ot didn't last long . steelers won :( i feel really bad for cassel and all the crap he is gonna get from this :/ 
#in6thgrade i was a loser .. wait ! ! i still amm .. 😞 
getting pissed , golden girls didnt come on this morning and it aint coming on tonight :( 
some nights i have separation anxiety 😥 😥 😥 #mybaby #heslost URL 
#cofessionnight i've had a crush on #oomf for about three years 💔 😔 #foreveralone 
my heart for out to my cousin tommy & his son's mother angela ... it's never ever fair or right to lose your child . i am so so sad for them 💔 
USERNAME i think i love bennett more than sam but neither have my heart like pepper did #😩 😢 #missher 
wow i should not have took that nap earlier v.v 
USERNAME your phone is a veteran of never being charged :( 
im just so sad that niall doesnt follow me ): 
:( don't leave without following me please i love youu very much 
when he said he gone call me bak<<<<<<<<<< :/ :-( :-( :-\ 
i'm not sure why i hold my breath for the chiefs they always disappoint 😔 
#in7thgrade i thought i was in love . seriously . 😔 
😭 😭 😭 i miss middle school . i don't wanna graduate next year ! where did my childhood go ? 
#in3rdgrade i got my crush a teddy bear and he laughed at me v.v lmfao during elementary school boys were so mean 
oh my god , sunny is gorgeous , she totally did not deserve what that dike did to her . 😔 
anybody wanna take me shopping ? i can barely fit my clothes :( 
mr . ottis on martin 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #weak 
USERNAME it's okay i'm lonely too 😔 😔 😔 and yess i am ! ! 
i just love how all my pants disappear -_- where the eff did they go :( two pairs gone now ! #whatthef 
no hay dudas , el primer amor nunca se olvida :'( #reminiscing 
dito i feel so bad for this girl on catfish 😔 
looks like tomorrow isnt going to be such a good day :( 
#inmiddleschool i wanted those stupid beads girls (and guys) would wear up to their fckn elbows , but my mom bought me some cheap knockoff 😭 😭 
USERNAME i was kidding .. 😭 😢 😓 😪 😨 😥 😰 😔 😔 😞 
USERNAME now if they can get h&m to stop using child labor i may shop there again :( 
i got invited to go to arizona for a few days with a friend ... god fuck work ! ): 
i wonder if taylor will be happy with me now :( #icanonlywishanddreamandhopeandpray 
#in5thgrade i probably farted the loudest i've ever had . on the taks release tes t.t hen i fell off my chair dying of laughter USERNAME 
what a great time to throw an interception ! #mnf #comeoncassel 🏈 💔 
USERNAME omg those were the days .. 😔 definitely missing them ! are you playing this year ? or for highschool ? 
oy ! that was too long to go without a painkiller ! suffering now ... ouch ! ! :( 
how am i supposed to read a 50 page chapter for my quiz tmrw .. shit 😞 
USERNAME neither can i , i'll barely last a week . 😔 #fatgirlprobz 
#inelementaryschool there was always that annoying ass kid saying 1 2 3 that's all you need when you were trying to drink water ! ! ! > :( 
USERNAME i cant sleep or getcomfy . you know i cant sleep on my back 😞 #iloveyou 
i saw USERNAME today at the light ! 😔 i miss you .. 
and i guess it's called wishing for a reason 😔 #goodnight 
this girl doesn't know how to text me lol :c USERNAME 
will boys ever get the memo that a girls heart isn't something to just play around with ? #actuallyhurts 💔 
USERNAME i don't know what ebonics means either ! #fml 
USERNAME w . t . f 😧 i love twilight . 
USERNAME oh i will ! but i just figured it would be easy to start and it's just not easy at all ): hahahah 
really thinking about giving up on school lately ... i know it's important bit it's also a big reason as to why i'm so unhappy ... 😔 
i don't even want to watch the voice anymore because USERNAME isn't on it anymore ! :'( i loved seeing her beautiful face sing ! <3 3 
its sad how ive never recieved flowers from anyone :( before i die ima pay someone to buy me some so in my funeral i can have some atleast 
rmft ! ! ! USERNAME ugh .. i miss you 😔 😒 
USERNAME i miss you too ! it's been forever ! 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME i wanna know where to find the movie , i've never seen it :( 
cheel ! ! i like this show . 😔 rt USERNAME #catfish URL 
USERNAME i thought i was going to have zach but he's at the library :( 
antoinette's coming with ! rt USERNAME 👀 rt USERNAME USERNAME why do you want joi to kill me . 😫 😭 
can you block someone on a iphone ? i just got a new number & don't want to have to get another new one 😔 
i didn't do any of my missing work for mrs'wolters 😔 
lmaolmao i remember ! ! “USERNAME #in5thgrade me and charleene had a candy collection , but her brother gave it away 😥 USERNAME 
USERNAME my whole family in kansas are hard core chiefs fans ! :( lol 
she was my booboo ): literally we would be out in public and we would yell ”booboo ! ! ! ” #nofucksweregiven 
to fall out of love with someone when they still love you is one of the sadest stories to watch :( 
wow this show of catfish . i feel so bad for her :( 
#inmiddleschool that cop that looked like john travolta he was a fucking greeser ! lol and he arrested me :c 
USERNAME i've been downstairs since i left you and have almost nothing to show for it 😣 
USERNAME love youu ! ! ! miss you . :( 
what's on mtv ? ? its good .. but i feel bad for the girl being picked on .. :( 
i would love to see USERNAME in concert . but he come nowhere near me . #k 😔 
all my friends tweeting about 8th grade and i didn't know them then 😒 😔 
i have movie theater popcorn nausea and a butter headache :( 
USERNAME i know , i'm really bummed i didn't ! have midterms all this week :( hope you took nyc by storm for me ! 
USERNAME USERNAME no it's cool . derek you can text her 😞 😭 💔 
i hate him he has a #supreme cap :c ilong94 @ denny's URL 
#in6thgrade i use to rock a side ponytail like right above my ear and had a rolling book bag half my size #tragic 😔 
USERNAME they shot it last year . one of the scenes (1:50) is in my old dorm hansee - i could have been an extra ! :( 
i'm extremely jealous of girls that are experiencing parenthood .. 😔 
USERNAME just lost my week on that final int by 1 ... #sadday 
hopes was up extra high and my phone shut down again :( 
*sigh* the people who don’t understand the hype that surrounds games 😔 
it's so hard dealing with her being so fussy #sadtweet 
#in1stgrade they closed down st augustine's in southie and it was like the saddest end of first grade ever :( #missedthatschool 
maybe i should just come with a warning . :c 
i'm sickk ... and i didn't add the extra letters cause i'm excited about it . 😞 i feel like crap ... USERNAME 
sounds like ben's injury isn't short term . #steelers 😔 
i have absolutely no idea why i feel so ... pms-like ... uugghh ! ! ! > :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME i already have plans to go shopping :( but well have to figure a day when we all don't work and not have plans . 
i wish i never broke my nose ): i feel so much uglier now . 
how can you be so trashy ? you're supposed to represent our school . that's probably the reason people think lemon bay students are scummy . 😞 
i will be happy when this paper is done , however there will be another one right after . :( 
USERNAME i was gonna say me sad then :( wuvv you toos 
i took the longest nap today now i cant go back to sleep 😔 
definitely not going to be able to get out of bed tomorrow 😣 
USERNAME you're not making sure our voice is heard ! facebook app not working . #needtogetmyvoiceheard . :( 
USERNAME dude i miss you . :/ where oh where have you bin all my life ! ! ? :( 
USERNAME i know ! ! how did she not know though ? ! 😭 
USERNAME it was my second semester playing an not this may but next may :( 
i can't handle USERNAME ignoring me any longer . aj , are you going to make me use my gas on a trip to alabama from nashville ? 😔 
i just found my future husband then he said he was married #fml 
USERNAME i miss you :( ( where have you beenn 
USERNAME to see you acting like that :'( cries into tears :'( 
day just took a straight drop into shit town #fml 
#in8thgrade i had it amazing&i never fully realized it , i would do anything to go back , dont know what you got till its gone 💔 #classof2012 
i lovew yu oh so much USERNAME can you follow me back pwease :( ! ! ! ! ! ! 
i wish i didn't have to study for this stupid test so i could go socialize with #poorsports :'( 
USERNAME watever dude u heart my feelings :'( lol . 
i just need to except the fact that things have changed , your not who i fell in love with #sadtweet 
messy lmao :( ((( USERNAME y0u l00k mad cut3 iin diiz pic .... ,,, .. c0mment backk ! ! ? 
USERNAME like i'm still just like wha t.t he . fuck . and i still want to just fight this blonde girl , i don't even know her name . 
USERNAME no 😭 😭 😭 what channel is it on 😔 
also this is making that deep dark rage i have now come out .... lmaoo great sex now = rage for me ! ! ! lord i'm so ruined ! ! 😪 💔 👿 
when he says you'll be a great mom one day >>>> #ihopeso 😔 😕 
i see all these tweets or instagram pics from when people met justin & i'm like , are you only following me to make jealous ? 😔 😠 😞 
all i hear is trains and whistles and people yelling #neversleeping #fml 
USERNAME it can't happen my parents will shun me 😔 
i still have yet to finish my reading for psychology . and i'm pretty sure his is wednesday . 😔 
i want to make music & jam out & write poetry & paint & play sports & lay under trees under the sun . that's too much though . :( 
USERNAME i knoow :( i don't know what to do about it either 
it's almost 12:00 and black ops 2 won't be in my hands . 😞 😔 😩 
i was so excited for this cupcake . it ain't even all that tho 😣 
idk if i should listen to taylor swift on pandora , or j holiday , or 3 doors down or avril lavigne or whatt ): .. my mood right now <<<< 
still can't believe i didn't preorder #blackops2 wtf ! 🎮 😭 😭 😭 💔 
USERNAME yes i told you i would find me lol ! ! ! and he is :( lol 
USERNAME USERNAME you bitch . how did i know you were gonna say that ? ) ): embarrassing .. 
disappointment after disappointment ! #ugh #sadtweet #why #justleavemealone 😖 💔 
someone bring me cough medicine and a big hug :( 
forever worried about toffee rabbit . instagram just isn't the same without happy bunny posts :-( 
USERNAME umm no you were a bully :( i cried everyday after school </3 
USERNAME nahh middle school jacob moved to charlotte and i was left all alone :( 
#in10thgrade i met the most amazing boy , but then he moved 😔 
praying roethlisberger is ok ... lawd let him be able to play again ! ! ! they need him for these next few games ! otherwise the seasons over . :-( 
always the person looking around before they pull off that coat ! ! them when they do ashy elbows and knuckles ! ! 😭 😭 then be like 😱 😱 
USERNAME you never answered my text the other day :( do you hatte me ? ? 
saying goodbye and letting go , hardest things ever ... 😔 
she just totally looked my heart and ripped it right off my body when i first saw her and him kiss right in front of me </3 i'm in tears now 
#inhighschool my world was ripped apart and i miss austin & mr . lockwood & coach wisehart . </3 
USERNAME whatever it takes . but i wasn't trying to scar you . i'm sorry 😔 
was going to write a paper tonight so i could have a little break tomorrow . no motivation . so i'll be holed up in #clublib tmrw . #fml . 
#in7thgrade gabby used to cut her hair like mine because she wanted to be like me but then she hated me after her boo liked me :( 
USERNAME yes , thank you , that's gross . this picture is ruining jared for me . :( 
today has not been a good day all day & all i wanna do is go to sleep but i can't 😥 
USERNAME my first day of middle school at coakley i wore the baggiest pair of jeans i had 😔 
USERNAME lol idk 😭 😔 😩 i'm bout to sell my old ones but check your dm 
USERNAME haha i know lol i was such a bad influence 😔 
this presentation tomorro<<<< ! i'm really shy 😱 😥 🙈🙊 
when you drop your phone on your face #fml . 
USERNAME is mean and keeps talking about me ... 😥 
i still have to take a shower and straighten my hair . omg help me .. 😭 
USERNAME oh that for ap english good luck its hell :'( 
USERNAME hahaha . remember math w/ skylar and elizabeth ? ! 😭 
all these deepwater quotes are making me wish i was back at deepwater :c 
just took a tweeting rant break .. back to animal farm 😭 😭 ✌ 
way past my bedtime but can't sleep :( ( stupid nap lol ! ! ! ! ! 
someone wanna drink w/ me 😔 i don't like bein an alcoholic alone . 
wat do i have to do for u to notice me uhh :'( its useless 
today has not been a good at all & all i wanna do is go to sleep but i can't 😥 
gpa: 3.4 i can do better . i gotta get that b up . 😔 
#in10thgrade i met the most amazing boy , but then he moved away 😔 
#inelementryschool on s t.t homas we used to play find and grind 
USERNAME help me paull :( my class is at 5 ! i need to do good on my quiz ! 
i love my nails but unfortunately the middle finger nail broke last night 😢 lol at my war scar 😏 URL 
i get kisses from my 🐶🐶 in 8 more days . so excited to see my babies and my family and my friends <3 33 three days isn't enough doe 😭 😭 😭 
i don't understand how you talk to someone for 8 months and never think to meet them #stupid #catfish #cantstoplaughing 😢 
this is the most depressing thing ever . 😢 #bringhockeyback URL 
USERNAME last i saw him he told me he had cancer 😔 
USERNAME aww :( you'll get your chance to shine don't worry ! ! 
USERNAME what are me and USERNAME going to do ....... ? 💔 
really bad headache 😣 going to sleep and hopefully it'll be gone when i wake up #nighttwitter 
USERNAME very true but ima gve to watch the 11 o'clock one since we got practice from 8-10 #fml 
i rather be going to school than to work 😔 
USERNAME wish i could stay home from school tomorrow so i could watch you boys :( (( 
USERNAME that's exactly how i felt when the put me back there ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😣 
i guess i'm not getting black ops 2 until 20012 😩😫 😞 😔 lol #blackops2 #gamestop #20012 @ gamestop URL 
USERNAME i wanna see you so so soon though 😔 😔 
USERNAME yeah this is going to blow all night long 😒 😞 
part of me wishes i could pick main campus up and swap it out with au #impossible but the people i met here just don't compare 😔 
im really hoping iget something for my birthday ima be really sad if idontt ): 
USERNAME i miss you too :( i need to come up to kutztown soon ! ! 
i miss all the people who went to crms who now go to antelope 😕 😥 
#in6thgrade my hair was as long as it is now and i cut it all off to my shoulders 😳 😭 
USERNAME 😦 you're almost done 👍. and yeah mine is like informative/wannabe pro . i don't know what to write . 
#in6thgrade i was actually tall compared to everyone else .... haven't grown since . 😔 
USERNAME yes :( i accidentally left it open on randy's laptop 
i love my nails but unfortunately the middle finger nail broke last night 😢 lol at my war scar 😏 URL 
is that trey songz ? ? rt "USERNAME the struggle is real :'( URL 
#in8thgrade i got my bestfriend and #in9thgrade i lost her 😢 
#in7thgrade i thought i met my homie n my best friend 😳 😔 😐 
i'm 99.9% sure hondo went to bed without calling me 😔 💔 
#inmiddleschool i had bigger boobs then i do now #sadtweet :( 
don't have to wake up till 11 tomorrow and i don't have anyone to hang out with :( 
i have to be up so early tomorrow morning 😕 😦 😐 😑 😶 😴. 
meh wish my boyfriend was here to make me cuddle and make me feel better 😢 
i feel so bad for the real USERNAME that girl is crazy . seriously . and fpoor sunny ! :( 
i don't get upset about things but if im craving a certain kind of food & i can't have it within seconds i feel the water works coming on . 😭 
day 2 (butte , mt to salt lake city , ut ): cruise control at 90 is a thing; mountains ! ; everything is closed due to snow or veteran's day . #fb 
#in6thgrade i was really happy . why can't i be happy like that now :( 
omg i hate useing a ipod to be on here v.v 
i miss good shephard where its socially acceptable to wear sweat pants to church :( USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME sundays are boyfriends days :( unless you wanna do breakfast 
#in4thgrade i moved from florida to suck town tennessee . 😁🌴🌊☀🌇🏠🏣🏩🏩🌇🏥👉 😣 1⃣🚦❄❄⛄☔⚡⛺ 
USERNAME its so hard to unlove someone , i cant help it , ive been crying for an hour :( 
my room looks like the clothes fairy got really trashed and puked clothes all over it :( 
miss you toosies 😘 rt USERNAME USERNAME i miss you . 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME :( (( it's okay i was awkward as hell 
... so is the new spiderman movie any good ? ! i bought it tonight ... it wont be the same without sexy mr tobey ... :( 
#in6thgrade my hair was down to my ass 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i would hate to be the one that cause a girl to turn gay ... i couldn't carrying that braden on my chest 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME i felt so sorry for that sunny girl ! :( 
new law: no more musical practice after 10 pm #sofuckingtired #fml 😴 
smoking a bowl right now ... >>>> having no weed .... :( ((( #mylifesucks ! 
#catfish .... wtf , i wanna see it :( wahh . 
#in7thgrade i got suspended for fighting boys 3 times ! lt's rough neck , reason i moved :( 
i wish someone would go and talk to 8th graders and make them understand that skipping high school isn't cool 😔 
USERNAME well i had have teen mom 2 night alone :( :( almost teared up miss you so bad ! 
#in8thgrade i met him and we got close and he left 😣 #fuckhimtho 
USERNAME sorry won't do it again :( haha just kidding i wanna know who this is about though ! 
tomorrow is not going to be good . 😣 i should probably sleep now . 
#inmiddleschool i was a strait a student ! what happened 😢 
i can't believe my ears just heard that ? ! ? 👂 😦 
#inelementary i punched a boy in the face cause he cut me in the lunch line ... then he punched me in the stomach ): 
#in6thgrade is when my family sold our farm . #sadtweet 
so scared for tomro i can't even sleep 😕 😣 
--* help ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i need sleep :( 
USERNAME i was looking at that earlier ! but it's $40 :( 
USERNAME hahah you told your mom i dropped him 😒 😔 
i swear everyone knows each other in kansas 😣 😒 😑 
i wanna cuddle 😔 my boyfriend needs to come home . 
my boyfriend is gettin the new call of duty game 😖 😵 😬 😥 😥 i'm not going to hear from him for a couple of days 
imessage is so great , it shows what time the other person read your message and you can tell they are just ignoring you .. so great 😒 💔 👊💢 
i hv a really bad headache 😖 😭 ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME i am so sad you won't be home for thanksgiving ! :( 
i can't sleep and i have to pee but i'm afraid to get up 😣 
#inhighschool i was so ready to grow up and graduate . now #incollege i wish i was a kid again . :( 
😔 🔫 and then 🔪 😞 . ⬅ i'm suicidal . 😱 jaykay , i just hate life . lololol fuck everyone . 
grasitos regresa :( ( #icarly # imissu #come #back @ jolly roger hotel URL 
USERNAME never will i like him ! hahah gross :c 
omg . you try to be close to a family member and they do everything they can to push you away . :( 
USERNAME hahaha soo annoying ! ! haha i kno i feel bad for her 😔 
gosh i hope bens okay . if he's out a long time steelers are screwed ! 😭 😧 
USERNAME gurl watevaa , but i can't even go to tone party nomoe :( 
next time i rather take a plane that was too much driving 😥 
USERNAME lol when i can afford it . i will eventually - stop making me jealous ! :( 
ohmygoodness . it's freezing in this room . ❄ ima need some thicker blankets ! ! ! ! 😒 😞 
boned doesn't event describe what i am for the next year at uconn #fml #betterbeworthit 
USERNAME too bad i didn't have your shirt for you earlier so we could be twins tomorrow even though we are separated 💔 #ctblove 
#inmiddleschool i didn't go to graduation .... instead i went to texas cause my beast friend moved there 😔 
#inmiddleschool when USERNAME put a thumb tack in baker the law breakers chair and she sat on it ! ! 😭 😭 
#thoughtsatwalmart i need this , i need this .... ima try this , i need this too ... might as well get this while i'm here , total:$xx . xx #fml 
USERNAME the whole $10 minimum wage thing is fucking up ! we were gonna hire but not anymore . now he's letting five people go :( sorry 
USERNAME hay my love ❤ i miss you an you don't talk to me anymore 😭 that's not ok✋ 
it's just not clicking .. 😭 i hate this class 
it doesn't wanna load the rest if my tweets :( i'm barely in april 28 of 2012. i have to go back 4 more years common :( 
USERNAME i miss you too :'( i'll get my schedule some time this week and text you ! 
i can't believe i just lost my keys for like 20 minutes .. and they were in my pocket the whole time ... #fml 
USERNAME liam i really love you to the max ! i jus hope one day i'll get a follow . #someday 💔 💋 
USERNAME USERNAME just stop calling names ! geeshh ! :( 
i miss having USERNAME to see right before i go to sleep & seeing her when i first wake up :( #mybestfriend #imissyou 
USERNAME and USERNAME would always chase me down and beat me up after school .. 😔 
thinking of skipping chem class tomorrow just to study for anatomy . yes i know i'm anatomy-biased , that's why i'm barely passing my chem :( 
mother fucker . i lost my septum ring :( #imsad 
a lot of my friends had screwed me over 😔 
i hate when you just stop replying i want to talk 😔 
all i want is you . there's nothing else i could ever ask for 😔 
USERNAME i know ! i just really miss my dad a lot , that's my main problem . & my friends of course , i haven't seen you in forever ! ): 
my fuckin USERNAME app is still fucked ! can't listen to past shows . anybody else's doing the same ? #fml 
this is something i never thought would happen 😔 👎 . 
long distance relationships suck👎& being strong is so hard sometimes 😔 #alwaysmissyoubabe 
i love how people are laughing at this catfish show . like come on . this is blatantly sad and i feel for the blonde girl :( 
for all i know some of my followers could secretly be fat weird girls 😦 #paranoid #catfish 
home alone .... wishing i had my cuddle friend . :( (@ raintree apartments) URL 
when you finally get the balls to text him & he doesn't reply .. #cool #fml 
then after 2 months it's my farewell party ! yay ! 😿 
cold thirsty nights always get to me .... USERNAME USERNAME ❄☔⛄ 😞 
i just want to cuddle into bed , listen to lady antebellum , and sleep . #fuckschool #myloveofcountry #nooneunderstandme :( #saddness 
my head & eyes 😣 i just want to sleep . 
okay fuck it . i'm parched , im going downstairs . 😣 #scared lol 
USERNAME oh gotcha . i miss going to breakfast . can't do that in college :( 
#in11thgrade shit got real ........ i was never the same 💔 #tobeornottobe #heartbroken #thatteenlife 
i feel like she completely hates me now .. ): 
it's only monday ! ! ! ! 😞 👎 #readyfortheweekend 
USERNAME but wahh :'( he didn't like me back ! 
going back to work after my staycation pretty much sucks . especially since i can't see megan every day now . :( 
reminiscing the past .. >>> i hate growing up :( 
bed time ... im not going to be able to wake up tomo ): 
i love coffee but i told my dentist i don't drink coffee 😔 
my last pic before i cut it all off #memoriez :( 
got to find new planes for thanksgiving👉👉 😔 won't b with my family 👪they know who they are 
USERNAME holy shit she is a lesbian ! ! ! ! 😱 😦 👭 #barf 
i know i am about to sound whipped as fuck but fuck it ! all i want is to be beside my boyfriend & have him to hold me 😭 . 
USERNAME oh , i thought he was meuli , damage . well we were going to come but you didn't answer ! ): 
my pillow is soaked so i turned it over and its soaked again da tears won't stop and i can admit that ... the pain will stop in time :'( 
USERNAME hey lol you have me a tough rating on insta . 😔 
wtff i wish i had halo 4 and black opps .. #sadtweet 
feels for USERNAME i wish you followed me ! ! ! 😔 #wishfulthinking 
USERNAME he really had it out for me :( (((( 
USERNAME we were unseperable ! ! ! ! miss you :( (( 
i can't deal with how much i miss USERNAME </3 
just hope nothing else is going on behind my back :( 
lol . omg that shower i was singing so loud , hally was laughing at me :( 
rt "USERNAME this song makes me think of #oomf frank ocean - thinking about you (official video ): URL via USERNAME 
only 4 left :( — drinking an oktoberfest by USERNAME at USERNAME — URL 
best friend ever ! i miss him so much :( ill never forget him URL 
USERNAME i gave y'all my cookie sheets and USERNAME promised me a cookie :( when i get my cookie i'll give you your present ! 
sometime around midnight would come on as i am driving away from USERNAME 😢 
i'm in so much pain right now :( #hatethis ! ! 
you guys only did one ? ! we've gone to like 5 already :( 
i just don't know what i want my profile pic to be 😔 
i really dont wanna go through this again so soon :( #toohardtowatch 
so USERNAME should get pictures / video of mumford & sons ... cause i'm jealous :( (((( 
USERNAME what happend to you :( where did you go ! ! ! :( c 
lmao lookin at these tweets make me miss my team even more ! shit just ain't the same no more my nigga ! 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
#6 grade had a crush at oomf it didn't turn out right i had hella cockblocker friends 😔 
ughh ... i still have calc hw to do . #fml 
i don't know man i go to a catholic school and i can't get away with anything . that don't make me a thug #sadtweet 
USERNAME omg i stared at my tv for an hour like 👉 😮 😧 
USERNAME i know right ? ! ? ? ! ! ? ! and i'm being genuine too ! ): we'll get our moment one day ! 
i feel sick , my head hurts , i can't eat , or sleep . 💔 
imma dress up for blackops2 tomorrow even though i can't get it till i get my ps3 bac :'( 
im still wanting to know why they took cici's out :( #lovedthatplace 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 stahp 
call of duty in under a hour ! 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁 😔 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁 
USERNAME i know :( hey i like your twitter name #elcabron lmao 
i hate crashing 😔 i end up being sore for days 
trying to hold back tears . i miss skyler . wish i could get a hug right now . #resteasy #missyou #loveyou #ineedahug :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME i am though -.- i wish i let you guys as a baby :( 
there's always that sad cart in the middle of the wal mart parking lot #depressing 
#in9thgrade : i cried everyday and wanted to kill myself . worse year ever 🔫🔪 😭 
i love you :* "USERNAME you don't like me :( USERNAME USERNAME i actually want to see someone beat the shit out of you 
not being able to sleep because of that one thing on your mind 😔 
i want to snuggle but my dog wants no part of it . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME ermagawwd . #10pagepaperprobz for me :( i better see you though ! 
USERNAME about that . god i was weird ... i miss you already boo :( can't wait till next semester ! ! ! ! drunk all day next time ! promise ! ! 
USERNAME we have a busy week . i don't think we have time :( 
USERNAME awe i know i miss you so much ! we literally were inseparable :( 
when i watch ti &tiny it makes me miss atlanta :( 
this puppy does nothing but sleep and poop , we never wants to play :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME can't make it cuz its too late & i have school tmrw :'( yall need to do another one this wknd ! 
USERNAME lets go back 😭 😭 i miss it too much 
i miss how you were . before you started smoking . #missmybestfriend 😭 
not how i expected that conversation to go ! 😞 
USERNAME i'm red after all of my showers , and it hurts too . :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME it's gonna be cold ): and i always wear a backpacklol 
me , no get to see mi crush tomorrow :c nor today . 
USERNAME no you went all dick on me ! :( 
making time to see homeboy ! it's cold tonight :( 
guys i had no idea harry potter dies in the series i might cry 😭 😭 
i really have to go back to my bed 😒 😔 
USERNAME awh shit :( i got it at the one on mcclintock 
USERNAME to bad i never see you anymore too :( 
USERNAME i know i seen it the other day lol i ain't got close enough yet to get a pic 😔 
miss you willie . #twoyearsago best dog ever . :( #missyapup 
USERNAME i was so heart broken in 3rd grade too v.v like who laughs at someone with a teddy bear v.v 
#backinmiddleschool i never gave USERNAME her christmas present . 😔 i probably still have it haha . 
where is the google nexus 4 ? its 12:00a . m nov . 13 :( 
although my birthday was absolutely amazing , there's just one person i wish i could have seen today ! ! :c 
omgg they're giving one of the saddest full house episode : when michelle loses her memory riding that horse omg 😭 😭 😭 ima cry . 
i go in my brothers room , and the first thing he said was like uh i'm not black & i just wanted to say hi . ok 😭 
my phone is on 10% &' my charger is in my room 😣 
USERNAME you can have it ... i don't want it 😣 
omg she finally meet rj the sexy model ! so fuckin sad :( 
i thought leah love me guess i was wrong 💔 😔 😩 
it really hurts when the one u love doesn't love u any more :'( ... 
USERNAME it was all fun and games until you ran over your finger 😔 
my brain is telling me that i shouldn't get into a relationship , but my heart tells me otherwise ... so tired of games 😔 #wherestherealthing 
#inmiddleschool my brother would always tell me how i was guna hate high school , & i would always say no way . now i do ! ! 😔 
USERNAME just when i fell asleep , my asthma came & my lungs were closing -.- :c , im tryna go back to sleep now . goodnight . 
don't even think sleep is an option right now and i am forcing myself to get up early . 1st day unemployed tomorrow since 2009 :/ fml 😩 😞 🔫🔪 
i need a xbox to play black ops 2 😔 😞 😣 😩😫 😭 
USERNAME i was literally in love with him . it was a sad day when it came out that he was gay ! :( 
people probably think i really do praise satan and love the devil thanks to USERNAME 😣 ❌ 
shoot me in the face ain't got time for this 😭 
i hate everyone who watched catfish ! i have no cable , i'm poor ! 😢 😭 😩 😖 😡 🔫 
why don't i feel good all of a sudden ? 😔 😣 😖 
even if the idea of college is entering my mind , it's not going to happen ... not that i don't want it too . but not money to pay :( 
i really want to go to this vendor training tomorrow :( 
i get home and try to cuddle with my cousin ... i was totally rejected so she can go see her boo 😔 ✌ 
USERNAME always falls asleep on me :( #ohwell ... lol 
im not tired . why am i not tired ? :( 
USERNAME i know i really miss you too :( when i come home for christmas break im making it a priority to see you <3 
who is that ? the new girl i hired your probably gonna bang ... can i ? no . :( 
USERNAME yes :( me and taylor don't even know what to do with our life's 
my feelings were hurt when i came home and my room was dirty 😔 . i need a butler yo . 
so hungry that i'm about to lose my miind #nonono 😣 😁 😟 
going through my phone and i find this #bahaha #sweetmemories . #imiss my #bestie USERNAME :( #comehome like now URL 
i miss my brothers red & devon . but when i leave someone i leave their family , & friends . :( miss my bros . 
thanks bro i needed that . my girl wont text me back 😔 rt USERNAME god loves every one of u . so never feel discouraged when things get tough 
#inmiddleschool i got a rock thrown at my head by a man girl 😔 
good dinner but i ate way too much spaghetti 😔 #guiltypleasure 
my brain not small ! :( rt USERNAME USERNAME smh . brain to small . ? ? ? ? but be noticing my mistakes . 
i think i've felt what USERNAME feels in a day 😞 😞 😔 😞 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME cramp in my foot ! ! ! ! ! ! ! #fml . . . hard 
why do i have a headache ? ? ? :( 
USERNAME hey don't say that :( lol i was jk bro , i just wanted you to follow that twitter because its awesome #yourewelcome 
USERNAME i was with you earlier today , crazy ! you don't talk to me either :( 
USERNAME you should turn that :( into a ;) because we are sexting as we speak 
USERNAME i honestly just had to play it and dance after that tweet #ifuckingmissyou #heartache 😭 
teri tobin - lp (via itunes ): URL #soul #indiemusic USERNAME 
USERNAME there wasn't even a good amount of milk in the bowl . :( 
i have a pair of tix for the lumineers up for grabs . it looks like i probably won't be attending after all . :( 
omg saddest episode of full house ever ! ! michelle falls off a horse during a race & gets amnesia . 😔 🙏 
19 n im still getting growing pains in my legs :[ 
i cant sleep :( whoevers still up text mee pleaasee 6316269001 
USERNAME goddamnit -__- but yayayayayay come visit me ! tuesdays are soo boringg at the fitch ... </3 
y do i love you so much ? id give da world to u .... bt i kno its a whole different story wen it comes to me ... :( 
USERNAME i know , i used to know you like the back of my hand :( 
USERNAME we have practice tomorrow so i'm unfortunately not drinking 😞 
USERNAME i don't know , but it does sound more passionate :c maybe cause we're used to ratchet english . 
USERNAME hecks naw ! ! that's like a billion freaking dollars haha i could buy a house , yacht , car all that lol 😧 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME really leave me outta this lol :( 
wahh USERNAME ! ! this is what i was telling u about :( .. another fee hike t_t 
i miss my summertime glow 😔 back to being a 👻 
merp . all these memories make miss brodhead a little bit . :'( 
#myproblem i always think the worse about everything , i stress myself out 😔 
i hate how people tell u your better of without him when the obviously dont know i i'm feeling right now . love hurts 😞 
well i tried but it didn't work , i really need a hug now . who wants to give me one ? #crying #hatecryinglikethis :'( #gonetooearly #missyou 
USERNAME hahahaha see and i'll gladly admit i did the same . now you're all famous and have no time to text me :'( 
hate sleeping in the bed alone so i guess i'll make a pallet && cuddle with a pillow 😔 
😭 😭 😭 #tweetofthenight rt USERNAME y'all ever farted in the shower ? 😷😫 
USERNAME if it wasn't for school i'd party with you :( ( 
USERNAME wtf we all miss u 😢 but i definitely will ! 
USERNAME awe :( if you need to talk you know how to get ahold of me ! ! make his last days the best ! and tell him everything you want to ! 
waking up finding out big ben is hurt sucks ! ! i'm upset ! 😞 🏈 #steelers 
#inkindergarten i fell and broke my arm flying kites for art class . 😔 
it breaks my heart knowing i can't help my best friend right now 😔 
USERNAME lol i can't wait for thanksgiving . but then you'll be there and ruin it :( (((((( 
just looked through my whole instagram ... such memories on there 😒 😔 
i'm tired and want to sleep & now ernie's gonna be up all night with this damn game . #byebyesleep 😥 😞 
USERNAME when your ass in jail & you need a attorney to represent you don't call me . you lil black fuckaa ! #no longer besties 😔 😢 
texting someone and they fall asleep on you ...... ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! #sorryimboring :( 
i feel like shit right now ! ? ? ? 😞 
i'm just gonna turn off my phone , i know there won't be any good morning texts from him ever again 💔 #sadtweet #broken 
abel baby .. if i had the money you already know .. but a nigga is broke 😔 😥 😰 😩 😢 
sleepless nights with no one to talk to :( ugh 
tonight was the first night we didn't talk until you fell asleep #sadday 
USERNAME wish i was with you 😞 but instead i have an 8 a . m tomorrow 👎 
USERNAME aww man :( i'm still in love .. it's bc i'm not in his life 
i wanna cry ! ugh i wish my baby was here :( </3 whatever though . . . goodnight . . . 
USERNAME when i first read that i read it really wrong :o . but i dont know if that will work :c 
USERNAME it's so crazy how old were getting ! but i know 😥 it would be awesome if we met up or had lunch sometime when i'm home over break 
USERNAME i haven't seen whitney reed in a while :( 
USERNAME girl , i just sent it to ya ! don't make me cry :( 
taking my volleyball shoes out of my gym bag finally #sadtweet #cantbelieveitsover 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss you guys :( four days <3 i expect some chocolate chip pancakes ! 
USERNAME tara strong was coming , she canceled . tmbg was coming but for 18. i was invited to a science school but it wasn't very good :( 
everytime somebody ask me do i talk to #oomf i be like 😔 , nahh thats my $on . 
i finished it :( amazing . i can't wait to start reading the second one #teamgrey #future @ home sweet home 💜 URL 
that awkward moment when i say txt me when you want to apologize and then ..... no reply ! ! #sadtweet 
#7grade met USERNAME nerdy ass , sike naw i remember oomf alway picks on him but still talk to him like he's oomf 😭 
smh lord what is going on ... my beats are gone ! ! ! ! and cnt get them back smh ! ! ! 😰 😦 😱 #lordtakeover 
im lonely as fuck . no gay guys in this town . they're either too young , or just ugly as fuck :( #foreverlonely ! 
:( to the boys i'm gonna leave them alone ! :'( they will never notice me anyways ! ♥ 
USERNAME USERNAME omfg ! never speak of it again 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME of course not ! except for the fact i have no chance :( 
#inmiddleschool i was peer pressured into running track which only resulted in me skidding face first across a finish line . 2nd place . 🏆 😔 
#nationalcrushday i don't think i'm aloud to say who ... 💔 
if anybody want and extra person for thanksgiving hit me up 👉 😔 
its 80° in my house nd im still freezing ! :( 
just remembered i don't even have live #fml #brokeassnigga smh 
USERNAME me bateas o te pela todo el riel si fuera cierto o no :'( 
fuck that girl that make me melt like a popsicle when she says hi to me . USERNAME :( 
#in2ndgrade i couldn't do 72639502 * 0 cause i forgot anything times 0 is 0 and was embarrassed in front of the whole class :( 
was about to post how happy i've been ..... then i found out big ben separated his shoulder tonight #whathappnswhenidontwatch #steelers # :( 
USERNAME USERNAME we don't all talk as much anymore .... :( but yes always 
my foot hurts so bad ! ! i think i might have done something to it :( :( 
USERNAME hahahah good times ... i tried to go look at some of them but it doesn't exist anymore . 😭 
someone pick ronnie up and deliver him to my house 😔 
USERNAME yeah it just started to lag a few minutes ago > :( 
USERNAME so i shouldn't tweet ya either ? sorry :( haha have a good night megan ! 
put ur self in my shoes n then tell me how u feel :( 
black ops 2 released and i'm at home studying :( missed the halo 4 launch as well :( 
i cry a little everytime i walk up and down my stairs 😭 
ugh but she's prolly already in a relationship . what a shame 😔 
USERNAME hahahahaha omfg ! ! ! i miss that so much jadie ❤ 😔 
no call of duty for me gave it up :( 
USERNAME our room is deff haunted #shitflying #nojoke 😦 😳 
stuffy nose , cough , headache , sore throat . please go way already #sadtweet #sick 😷 
USERNAME i know . 😔 i'm gonna grow it back outt 
USERNAME trying :( it makes me sad you want this so bad and its not happening . i'm gonna turn into that bitch who dms the shit outs him 
when your sick and your boyfriend wont even come over to check up on you .. or even ask how the doctors went ... </3 
500 word essay down . 300 word essay to go ! #fml #ihatewriting 
#inmiddleschool i don't know how to brake up wid yvonny .. it was so sad 😔 
spending the weekend with USERNAME made me miss her so much :'( 
#in6thgrade austin lilly's student council slogan was ........ i thought he was clever 😔 
miss my baby something awful :( ,,,,, but lately been thinking about the past a lot gets that way sometimes 
okay i'm getting depressed everyone stop now , i want high school back 😭 
i would come into work an hour early thinking in was gonna be late 😔 😒 😠 😑 #fml 
USERNAME i leave tomorrow early :( next time ! i will probably be down here lots . my grandparents have lots of health issues . 
USERNAME sorry you are not feeling well :( will be lifting you in prayer and hoping you find out what you are allergic to . god bless you . 
bridal mask is killing me . i feel so sad for kang to :( 
USERNAME noo :( its okay… i’ll find it later i guess lol 
fuck , i took my boss's keys to the safe . 😣 
i've had the worst headaches ever lately . and tonight i'm having one . #fml 
saddest episode of full house ever ! ! michelle gets amnesia after falling off a horse during a junior jump race . 😔 🙏 
#inmiddleschooi i was so mean to USERNAME i'm sorry :( 
i really want #oomf but he's being weird ... :c 
i wish i knew how to play an instrument ! 😔 😔 😔 
i feel so ashamed of my gender when i see females talk about how in love they are with their boyfriend ... that cheats on them .. 😔 comeonn 
USERNAME gosh we've waited that long for them to come on for 5 mins and doesnt notice us ? ? ? woow ! ! ~> :( 
“USERNAME lmfao this is hilarious 😭 URL sounds like omar ! ? 
well now that my phone is broken i can't even take screen shots :( #fml 
"USERNAME its on facebook and fuck u my cars sad right now :( 
i hate it when people i love dislike each other so much . 😔 
aww you knw i love you to sis 😢 ❤ 
#inmiddleschool i didn't know how to brake up wid yvonny .. shit was horrible 😔 
#summer8thgrade i made the biggest mistake of my life . 😔 
USERNAME going to sob like two big beebee's 😭 👶 
really hope tomorrow is a better day ! ! missing my sweet boyfriend so bad .. 💔 😥 
i hate how boyd hasnt put in grades yet ): 
i took a nap earlier now i can't sleep 😔 
USERNAME omg omg omg 😞 i hope tomorrow is better :( 
USERNAME USERNAME that #awkwardmoment when i don't have an iphone and can't soo your emoji :( 
USERNAME aww i miss it ! ! </3 i wanna go back to when all my friends were always available to hang out lol 
sadly ☹ "USERNAME even u sef no understand wetin u dey think 
USERNAME aww dang it kel pervs r us was better girl lol :'( 
i'm towards the front of the line waiting for black ops 2, & i suddenly have to piss like a pregnant race horse . 😭 😭 😭 #firstworldproblems 
#in4thgrade i met USERNAME and i wish i saw her this weekend 👎 😥 
i want to go see the movie on friday . :( 
#in7thgrade i seen a guy who i now think is a 10. lol before i didn't think so an everybody wanted to slap me . :c 
ugh forgot how sad it was when amy died on the walking dead 💀 😢 
my pet bunny hate my other pet bunnys butt off and it became constipated and died #inelementaryschool #truestory #traumatized 😭 
USERNAME hate you so much right now because you're sleeping and i'm up wide awake . 😔 
wish i was at #bieberinbrooklyn :'( anyway , who ever was there i hope you had fun ! ! USERNAME 💕 
USERNAME i was about to fucking cry ! ! ! they can't be , check ! lol ill 👊 a bitch 😔 😒 
#inhighschool i liked USERNAME but she only liked me as a friend because im ugly . :( lol 
meanwhile , our country is some straight #illuminati shizz ! oh lawd 👇👎 😶 😲 😫 😭 
i never cry , this is the first in like years 😢 
USERNAME its okay :( its just realy upsetting and frustrating hahaha as you can tell ... 
USERNAME yeah i'm sad about leaving everyone behind 😔 i'm excited for a new beginning though . thank you ! 
wahh i left my favorite blanket in USERNAME car :( 
USERNAME i know same here it's breaking my blackhole :( (aka heart if i had one) lmaoo if i don't see u soon i will die . 
USERNAME that sounds glorious . i sucked it up and kept working . i broke an heirloom and needed a quick sob . :-( 
USERNAME ill get in the am i'm at work #fml 
y don't USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME not love me anymore ? :'( no tweet from them in forever ! ;'( 
USERNAME you're not really in love with me ? :/ </3 
USERNAME kinda depressing that you're doing all these cool things in other venues 😔 whatever it was still amaazziingg #staplescenter 
that's not what i wanted to see . literally heart broken . 😞 💔 
i lost a cookie in my bed . :( lol 
i didn't go to church yesterday and i feel terrible 😢 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME i feel like you need a good bottle of wine ! lol :( boy probs suck ! 
USERNAME just like old times <3 no trampoline tho .... ))) ): 
#inmiddleschool i stayed in trouble so i had to graduate in summer school :( 
USERNAME haha we ran perrysville . i miss you too ! 😔 we need to hang out over break 
but you never will bc you don't deal with any emotions ever 😔 
i wish i was a kid forever ! :( URL 
slow songs on pandora always have me in my feelings yet i continue to listen to them . smh 😔 
aw fuck me , i have to wake up in 7 hours 😴 😢 😦 😲 
my pet bunny ate my other pet bunnys butt off and it became constipated and died #inelementaryschool #truestory #traumatized 😭 
please watch 👀✌💓💕💗sorry we look like poop 💩 we have no make up on and we both are sicky :c USERNAME USERNAME <3 333333 
yu hmu on oovoo in the a . m . but when i text yu later on , yu don't wanna fwm ! ! ! be t.t hat shit 
#inmiddleschool i spent a majority of my lunches in the library , because i was scared of people & i had no friends . 😢 
USERNAME lol i don't have anything 😔 i have a rello . that's about it 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! come visit soon :( 
USERNAME lol bitch im sorry ! ! its just one of those nights ... guess im not gonna see u at school tomorrow huh ? :( 
#in8thgrade i got made fun of alot because im puerto rican & so people always called me the banana queen :c 
#in8thgrade i bawled my eyes out at graduation cause i was moving to fuckass ohio and thought i'd never see my friends again 😢 
#inthe10th grade i thought i found the love of my life at mcdonald's truth is that relationship was fast just like the fast food 😔 
realizing that i have class at 8am ruined my night 😔 
idek why i even try with you kid . i can't be friends not anything more . #fml #him 
USERNAME you don't even understand my pain right now lmao . :( 
and the new #callofduty game is officially out .. so much for talking to my boyfriend anymore 😔 😑 
😔 😣 waiting by the phone but i think i'm not gonna get that call 
USERNAME damn sorry brother :( she was a boss ! 
USERNAME i am heart broken . </3 haha . colton and squid were my favorite couple in my graduating . you and teets are a different story . 
my voice is gone ): && my throat fucking hurt -__- ! 
honestly , i think it's my sister that i miss the most . 💔 
why you rting everyone else except me 😢 USERNAME i'm so sad . 
when a guy tells you your not pretty enough .. worst feeling in the world . 😔 
USERNAME can't get black ops 2 ps3 mest up :( 
what am i gonna do tomorrow ? everybody has class but me 😣 
#in4thgrade i didn't want to get a haircut , so my mom made my wear a tiny pony tail to school and everybody bullied me :( 
USERNAME muahahahahaha ! sorry buddy :( this is definitely not your year ! 
USERNAME no come back and take care of me :( #doomedwithoutyou 
i've got a really big heart .. although i never ever let anyone see that . i just wanna share it with someone . 😔 
USERNAME awe that's said yu lol at me :-( .. i was tryna wife yu up boo ... kmsl 
just got inexplicably emotional ... what the hell ? #whydidthathappen #itllbeok 😭 
USERNAME ugh why aren't you here so we can listen to it together 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME yess ! ! we all are having trouble :( 
#in8thgrade wyatt gonzales was my boo . when i moved , we broke up and i swear if we didn't i would've never left him . 😔 💔 ❤ ❤ 
#in6thgrade .... i was a bad seed lol . 😔 
you don't know me , don t.t alk . shit . #kthanks 
USERNAME yep . my birthday . 7 years ago . omg . getting old ! ! ! and not proud of getting drunk @ 11 years old . that's like makayla . 😔 
#in1stgrade i was introduced to the bitch called private school #uniforms 😭 
my stomach is upset from all the food i ate today #fml 
USERNAME yess ): you know what im talking about ? 
over an hour later 😔 really . i just want to shower and clear my nose . 
well ..... this sucks majorly , goodnight . :( (@ the man cave) URL 
USERNAME i won't be able to attend .. i have a plane flight home on thursday 😭 😭 😭 
first time not getting cod at midnight ... or at all . #sadtweet #nerdtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME ahah ya still the funniest thing #missourshsdays </3 
i actually feel like i've been punched 100 times in the stomach 😩 😔 👎 
USERNAME neither do i and he always gets mad at me :( but i never see him gettin mad at you :/ 
i have been hurt way more times then my heart can take :'( 
damn my stomach hurt :( i fucking hate beenin a acids reflux baby my doctor already 2 me i am not goin 2 grow or get bigger i jus get smaller 
dang i remember back in the day when you had to buy a cd burner and attach it to your computer to burn cds ... i feel old 😣 
USERNAME i won't be making racist dog jokes for a while ... 😔 😞 🐶👼 
ughh so tempting 😩 😥 i'm gonna wait though . lana's worth the anticipation 
USERNAME lol i really did think that ! ! :( 
cook for me 😔 rt USERNAME came home straight to cook #struggle 
USERNAME yeah and then you became really good and kicked my ass 😔 
i need a phone .. this is why i have no social life anymore 😔 
USERNAME yeah but that was last year and earlier this year but she's touring in europe now and next year too -.- :( which sucks for me 
USERNAME can you please follow me ugh my life would be made :c 
#in7thgrade i sold drugs for some bloods & that's how i was part of their gang . 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i was supposed to go too remember :( 
USERNAME lol i'm not good at those things 😞 unless it was in person date 
i wana see catfish already :o 45 minutes more /.\ #timeneedstohurry :c 
man i got a shitload of work to do before thanksgiving break 😣 
nothing like rushing back to school while on pain killers to do a presentation on traumatic brain injuries . sure my brain won't work 😳 😣 
my biggest fear , when it comes to drunk munchies , is that the ruffles will get stuck in the vending machine 😧 
ate some of maria's mexican tuna . it was good but then USERNAME told me that i'm going to shit for days now :( #mcdonaldsproblems 
i'm in shock and my heart is so broken right now . :( rip bolin . 
missing the gym :/ one week with out it 😭 ill be back tomorrow i promise #avalon URL 
USERNAME i feel ..... like why would they make it cats .. at least make the cats cuter :( 
now i'm back to bein sad goodnight 😔 😶 ✋ 
i cnt believe it i got goosebumps i prey for u n ur family tonight god will always be there for u bra dnt forget u goin b ok 🙏 😞 😭 😞 🙏 
i'm always late on late starts because i never have a ride 😔 
after a gluten free day , i came home from volunteering and ate a cookie without thinking . now , the worst heartburn i've had in years :( 
#inmiddleschool i hated USERNAME USERNAME & USERNAME all because of basketball 😔 i love them dearly now😁 ❤ 
#inhighschool i have up all my friends for a boy . wish i didn't , i miss all of my old friends :( 
USERNAME it's okay , i haven't gone in over two months :( yes tukra ki ? tu ta pura chand ah mere li ! 
“USERNAME #in8thgrade USERNAME got kicked in the nuts intentionally by USERNAME 7th grade*but i witnessed it all 😭 
i'm so fuckin tired . but i cant sleep :( wtf 
all these tweets make me jealous i wasn't able to witness #bieberinbrooklyn :( 
😥 😒 😠 rt USERNAME still got that l tho 
USERNAME 😭 😭 👆got 👇fucked all the way up , i always had 💵 
i can't wait to be home . i don't like #cities i need some fresh air and family 😞 
i'm so lost without my best friend . USERNAME :( #missyoubaby 
you've probably seen this tweet 1000000 times . but , guys are seriously all the same 😣 
dude i have no feelings for him at all anymore . i just miss the memories . he was really an asshole but also sweet to me . #fml #him 
still in my car 😑 😔 👈it is cold af 
USERNAME is just so fucking cute . i miss you so much ! 😢 
USERNAME 😦 😦 😦 😦 😦 😦 😦 nigga please 
USERNAME USERNAME i'd appreciate it if all of twitter didn't know i was a hoe back then ! ! 😔 c'mon guys ! 😥 tehe 
i have to wake up in 4 hours , 47 minutes 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME omg you're moving ! ! ! :( #definitelyhavetonow 
scratch that , that's exactly what i'm doing . because i have to :( my knee doesn't bend good enough to comfortably sit up and play . #sadlife 
noo they're playing suavemente at gamestop . only on semoran . 😔 
😭 😭 😭 😭 i was that bad ? ! 
USERNAME i know :( we are all flipping out . it had some of the majors wrong too ! idk . i'm so confused :( 
i miss USERNAME so so so much . 😢 💧💧💧💧💧💧💧. 
still feeling another one are you serious i'm like shaking :( 
anyone wants to do my pharmacology hw ? ughh ! #fml 
once upon a time , college was piece of double chocolate layers cake ! #imissfreshmanyear :( 
USERNAME literally no time tomorrow :( wednesday ? this reminds me of you URL #equality #hrc 
gotta get up early for a dentist appointment . ugh , i think i'd rather go to work ! ! ! ! :( 
you guys i needa go to cali christmas 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i don't think she wants to go with me ... :( 
USERNAME their sweatshop suppliers were exposed and they refused to do anything at all to change . :( 
USERNAME idk if they still have the barn . but they changed the house so much 😰 😭 it has palm trees and its blue and white 
USERNAME your tweets are the only thing entertaining me right now . studying for this test<<< 😭 😭 
looking for teaching jobs takes the cake for making me stressed out . #teacherswag 😣 📚📝 
burnt ma little finger with da dumb light 😔 👉🔥 
USERNAME omg bb i'm trying but i have no clue ugh i suck i'm sorry :( 
i really want to like you , but then i don't case you like someone else ): 
USERNAME yeah it ain't goin away for either of us anytime soon lol :( i wish it just went to my boobs i'd be down 
USERNAME but really though .... we had a damn good time ! ! miss it :( 
USERNAME man that's all bad , we need to change this ! 😢 👯 💜 
i missed USERNAME at work today ! 😭 i had no one to laugh with 😢 
#insixthgrade i dated a black girl and she broke up with me cause i wouldn't kiss her 😢 😩 
USERNAME USERNAME hahaha whaahh :( where are u applying ? 
just saw a girl that looked like USERNAME :( i miss my #diapersnake 
gets home from work . vic not here anymore ... bad luck kaddyne :( USERNAME 
i'm going through depression . it had a whole bunch of pictures from this weekend ... :( 
USERNAME i want . :( and i was just happy with good old fashioned spaghetti… 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
#inmiddleschool i got in my first and only fight and got suspended 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME how late do you think this event will run ? i sort took at shift at chick 🐣 😁 😔 
USERNAME haha it was just the professor that cancelled it sadly :( 
USERNAME i know , i just loved it soo much i wanna hear it all the time ! ! and i'm such a terrible person for not making your burger .. 😔 
USERNAME taking care if ill parents n the burdens it imposed would b great topic 4u 2cover . yikes i could write a book :( 
i dnt care about u no more u tend to let me down anyways :( 
#in7thgrade USERNAME dated dathan , and i was upset . like i didn't hate her , but i was jealous cause she got his attention . 😔 
... #law &order :c i . the rest of the cast looks solid . let's see how this series goes . 
USERNAME wow bro i feel no love right now :( 
USERNAME i like you ! i ran into kelly and danielle in sausalito last week and now i miss everybody :( 
USERNAME awuhh ! ! im sorry ! that's terrible ! :( 
i have tryouts tomorrow while everyone has a day ahead of me :( ,. 
that picture makes me wanna die why are you so cute ? ! i wish your sister would delete that picture so i couldnt torture myself :( #missinyou 
#inmiddeschool i thought i was a punk rock/ hip hop / chonga 😞 what was i thinking ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME of course ! i miss you so much omg </3 & you need to go to bed sleep head lol 
USERNAME lmao ! well they did have a saw together . and they both are from houston 😔 😁 
i'm super confused now 😔 i just don't wanna get hurt 
#in9thgrade we had kaitlyn :( i miss you baby . rest with love </3 
USERNAME :( it`s okay , you can always make anther <3 
USERNAME wow , your csrs really suck . i was trying to help a friend out and was like pulling teeth . :( 
man ii haven't been this pissed/ hurt in soo damn long ... im really bout 2 b up all night now :( 
kinda miss the friendship we used to have ... :( 
people i advice you not to hit your heads , concussions seriously suck ass 👎 😔 😭 😓 
#in9thgrade i moved to forney .... i miss my mesquite friends 😔 😔 
i hate finishing a good book cause when it's done it's so awkward like #wah 👎 💔 💌 
i'm that guy . 😔 rt“USERNAME can't get a girlfriend ... 
nov . 11- 2012 restinpeace my lil baby </3 ): 
USERNAME this is what i get for liking younger guys #fml 
USERNAME :( fine fine :( i'll be big dawg and you'll be lil dawg . okay ? good . now that means you gotta give me all yo hoes 
USERNAME the news hugss sherry ! been out so that's why is took me so long to respond :-( the news really puts things in perspective .. 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss that year ! 😔 it was soo fun . so many good memories 👍 
man i wish i was getting #blackops2 tonight with my niggas ! #fml 
i dnt like the fact tht i haven't talked to you at all today ... i guess thts how its gonna be tonight .. :-( 
i don't think i've gotten one text all weekend 😔 
"USERNAME dat boy USERNAME card declined at fat burger 😔 URL lame bro 
:( > fa f . u . n . < 
pandora flow got me feeling some kind of way :( 
USERNAME my mama wont let me she said ion need a job 😔 
i hate smell of fish sauce 😣 fish oil . whatever the fuck it's called . 
#in5thgrade i got suspended for my first time for pulling a girl over her desk by her ponytail . 😞 
had a good weekend with them 😢 💗💘 @ westfield solano shopping center URL 
USERNAME ohhmygawhdd , shouldve texted me ! i didnt do anything all day besides eat :( 
follow me please 😢 😢 😢 😟 😟 😟 USERNAME 
#in6thgrade me USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME lost to bonnie’s in the championship 😔 
USERNAME :( that's not good .. not good at all . check your dm bighead 
season 3 finale of soa was like 😧 , 😮 , 😱 
USERNAME lol i think he's mad at me now 😭 
the voice just is just a reminder to me that i have a horrible singing voice :'( #ineedlesson 
USERNAME i miss you too ! sorry i didn't text you back the other day .. i'm always busy :( 
USERNAME fell asleep on me :( it's cool doe i still love u babes ... 
i miss how my life was in like .. 5th grade . i had two friends , and i never had to worry about anything around them . i miss it #abi #sara ): 
USERNAME i tried to , but the sample broke my kindle app on my phone . :( had to delete the app . 
USERNAME you can't go mia though franklin , television won't be the same without you :( 
iam so freaking sick && i can't sleep ughh ... #pleaseletdisgoaway :( 
i wanna be a nurse so bad 🏥 😔 #chasingdreamas 
going to the black ops 2 midnight release by myself . woohoo ! looks like i gotta make friends :c 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm sensitive about the milk development too . :( i want to consume it , but diarrhea tells me otherwise . too much ? 
please watch ! 👀💕💗💓 sorry we look like poop 💩we both are sicky and have no make up on :c USERNAME USERNAME <3 3 ✌ URL 
when your to comfortable as you are & you don't want to move . :-( #justwantmybed #nocouch 
#in9thgrade i jumped off of bridge for the first time and did a butt buster :( 
USERNAME ik :( i haven't slept in 4 days :( ((((( 
lonely day .... bored ... 107 fever .. sweating it out . watching #sportscenter at #trainstationbarandgrill in cary , nc :-( 
my boyfriend wont let me eat my spaghetti o's . :( 
USERNAME i no :( annoying .. i remember when no one was interested in them and you could get tickets for like 20 bucks haha 
i really need to see USERNAME but i am missing class :( sucks 
lmao i wish ! ! i weigh 180 and its all fat .. :( 
USERNAME them joints fresh tho ... im tryna get me a pair but ion think vera made em in my size :-( 
USERNAME in middle i really liked you even when i dates justin but you were just to short 😔 
USERNAME 60$ on shoes shampoo and 2 socks . and the rest on id even k :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME we really were ! take me back ): 
"USERNAME #in12thgrade ..... 12th grade ruined my life .. 😢 URL ahh man the swagg was all throwed off that's why . 
USERNAME lmfao noo it wasn't even u hahahahahahah ! fuk my memory ! but i do remmeber fighting verbaly with u once .. :( lol 
what is there to do this late ... i have no one to . talk to :-( 
USERNAME why must you live 3,000 miles away from me 💔 
USERNAME uhm idk who that iz but i know i'm a walkin wreck :( ( 
went to look up 1d tickets for the july 13th concert & all the seats are practically sold out . i'll never get to see USERNAME now :( 
USERNAME 😥 😰 i wanted to experience the amish community ! 
be pretty great if i had someone to give me a back massage ... but i don't 😔 #lonelytweet #singlegirlprobz 
ima be up all night doing these clothes #fml #laundrycansuckit 
#in11thgrade i realized how mean some of the seniors could be and vowed to never be like them . #sorrybuttrue 😔 😒 
i hate wen USERNAME is on twitter while we on the phone > :( it gets me mad but i keep quite #sadtweet 
omg we have school tormor i guest hate wakeing up that time man :[ 
USERNAME make me feel worse than i already did ! 😢 😢 
completely disappointed in the way things turned out .. i guess they wernt ment to be #upset </3 
i'm the whitest one in my family -.- and i can never get a tan :( 
i'm frustrated , so i take it out on twitter lol . #fml 
so damn sad that the food and wine festival is over ! :( #family #epcot USERNAME 
damn , i wish myspace was still as cool as it used to be :( 
USERNAME i wish you woulda stayed a senior just onee more yearr 😔 
USERNAME wow , your csrs really suck . i was trying to help a friend out and was like pulling teeth . :( URL 
one thing i know for sure , i saw goodbye in your eyes 💔 
no mames ! ! ! i forgot the huge bag of candy from mexico ! ! my friends are gonna kill me :( 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah i know 😔 text me next time y'all are just hanging out ! odds are i'll be home haha 
having to eat crackers cause nothing else stays down <<<<< :( 
101s @ brittan (sm ): :roadwork dumbarton bridge 8 pm - 6 am (was: fremont 21 min rte 237 12 min palo alto 9 min) 
USERNAME she has cancer and tumors on the bottoms of her feet . i came home from work and found her crying on the stairs , soo sad :( 
USERNAME fuck i shouldn't have done that . :-( :'( 
i'm a jerk and i like to ignore my lady friend on facetime so i can be on instagram 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME well i'm sure he's fine . he prolly won't like you worrying either :( 
USERNAME yeah . yeah . i know . 🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME noo . :( please go . please . 
when is my stomach going to get better i don't want surgery :( 
finally hugged niall so tight he smelled so good . thanked him & told him how much i love him . & held liam's soft hand 🙌🙏🙏 😭 💗 
my mom just took one of my pillows .... i wasn't using it , but now i'm really uncomfortable . it was supporting my arm . ): 
USERNAME i really do :( stuffy nose ! dry mouth yuck 
i wish the history channel would you know show history #sadtweet 
this is about to start looking like last march 😞 
watchin call of duty shoe since ididnt buy it :( 
exiting hillsborough for the last time 😔 .... til march . 
USERNAME noo :( i wish ... im tryna play it though .. 
there's not even a practice test this time . wtf im screwed . :( 
i remember when me and USERNAME and USERNAME used to e so mean to those girls in or they would never walk the balcony again 😢 
i hate working 11-7's .. ugh i mean i get to sleep in but i miss lunch and dinner :( #firstworldprobs 
joshue just screamed at me for touching his butt :'( lmfao ! 
fuck all y'all for playing black ops 2 without me . i just wanna kill zombies :( 
😾 👺 USERNAME 😾 👺USERNAME i ain't see that ... y'all look nice doe .. y'all going to the bar ? ? ? 
i hope you don't take that the wrong way :( 
USERNAME waah :( i wasted my money not funny . look i'm a poet and i didn't even know it 
USERNAME im sorry , i liked you after you hurt yourself tho . :( 
and that was horrible . i kissed a lot of walls in my childhood . :( 
i be cryin cause i got no game guys :'( 
i could see you doing you so imma do me ! ! ! ! ! ! 😔 😔 
USERNAME that i don't miss so much ... ): .... be glad you didn't stay with me this weekend .. i've been all sorts of tossing and turning 
a fire alarm .. in the rain ... while i was in the middle of a shower ... #fml 
does anyone know how to do this ? help 😔 URL 
sad that i'm not at the midnight release of black ops 2 right now ... 😔 💔 
i tryed sleeping but i can i just can't :( (( 
i just reminisced 6th-10th grade so hard .. things and people have changed so much .. 😥 
USERNAME whaat ? ! really ? that's crazy ! i wish i has money in my itunes account ! 😥 
having to wait till i get paid to get black ops 2 <<<<<<<<< 💔 😢 
USERNAME you should ! but i did reject your love and couldn't get it back so i deserve it 😔 
USERNAME hey ... didn't we used to be best friends ? ... i miss my bff . like alot . :( 
#namesomeoneyoumiss my big brothers & my daddy . i have to spend my 21st birthday without them 😪 #sadtweet 
i can't go i haven't even payed the rest of the money 😭 
USERNAME i couldn't agree more ! ! ! god i miss you :( my goal this year is to visit you somehow 
omg ! ! ! ! i just got the news that USERNAME had a accident :( 
ummrt 😔 “USERNAME #in9thgrade i met USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
#inmiddleschooi we had skylors . 😔 miss it kinda . 
my blankets always fall off my bed . i wake up so cold . 😞 
i can't wait 'til i can go home again 😔 #family 👫👯 #homesweethome 🏡 #imiss 💗 
can't believe i missed the game ! no picture USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ): 
USERNAME i snap chatted you butthole and you didn't snap chat back #upset 😞 
USERNAME next time as in i wasn't the first you called this time ? :( 
i don't feel good :( so i'm going home . 
right ? ! 😔 rt USERNAME #inmiddleschool i went to school with USERNAME and didn't even know . most of high school too . how lame 
USERNAME i know babe :( there's nothing more i would want right now is to have you snuggled against me . 
just got back from another fun vegas trip ... after having four days off i don't wanna go back to workk :( 
#inmiddleschool i made the biggest mistake & cut my hair up to my shoulders 😔 
then i find out we only get thurs & fri off for work for thanksgiving instead of the whole week . :( 
when USERNAME texts you and makes your whole night ❤ gosh i love this kid and miss him so much 😭 ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME not even gunna lie i don't remember shit 😒 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😔 😔 
soon imma be the only one awake on twitter :( 
USERNAME lmaoo i love this ! i miss it too 😔 lol 
i wish i could just ask USERNAME and USERNAME a very serious question 😔 i know it won't happen . #itwouldmeanalot #pleaseanswer 
to everyone up north in ny fuck you . 😞 URL 
i miss you so much :( i wish i see you just like before 
up writing a paper that i forgot all abt :( 
im lovingg the new USERNAME even though i've always been a belieber lol wish he would follow me back though :( #wishfulthinking 
we always plan our lives ahead of time not knowing tha t.t hings could go the . complete opposite ! ! 
USERNAME hahaha dude lookie lookie sa fb dalii . :( 
i don't know what i'm gonna do when islie's older and gets afraid of thunder , wins , and lightening , i hate it too :( 
USERNAME not till december my love :( 1 month haull 
i've had the hiccups all day long ! :'( #goaway 
i can never sleep 😢 i have class all day tomorrow too . 
because only i would get sick when it starts snowing ! ! ! feel horrible :( 
fckk , im crying ): first time i cryed in along time n 
but is it seriously snowing ? ? ? i'm so pissed . 😞 
USERNAME yeah i was straight out from mexico to it's not fair at all . :( 
the fact that your hotter than hott 😉 🔥 and i'm colder than cold 😳 😥 
who's standing out in the cold for black ops 2 ? not me 😔 all because of a dang tire 
#in12thgrade i lost a dude who i spent every weekend with and was basically like a brother to me , then a week later i lost my paw paw 😔 
i wish i had a ride to the midnight release :'( 
hope my best buy babies don't get killed by a bunch of video game obsessed nut heads ... USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😢 😩 😘 
USERNAME not big enough to spell my name right though 💔 
USERNAME yeah sorry . :( and i can't work the 21st either 
#in4thgrade jason hendricks threw up everywhere . it was carrots , he always ate carrots , and threw them at me on the playground . #ripjason :( 
USERNAME the last email i got from you is sept 27 ! :( 
USERNAME awh kenny do you mean it ! i wish i could rt it 😭 💞 
i really hope my sisters gonna be okay , its kinda weird with her not being here anymore . #sadtweet 
my phone isnt letting me view my damn messages :( 
USERNAME i know . :( but my account is linked with my mom's credit card :( 
#inmiddleschooi i use to have a mohawk , and now i still have a mohawk , well a faux hawk . ): 
nobody believes me that its me in my avi ... wahh :( you can even see my tattoo ! 
i don't even know what to do right now . completely beside myself , and having strep isn't helping at all . 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME actually the tears didn't come out till now because i realized that is over :'( 
#in6thegrade i ruined my hair with all that gel ! ! 😒 😔 😠 
i had to delete my myspace tweet cause i misspelled something .... i had gotten a bunch of favorites & retweets . 😭 
i need a back rub so bad . my shoulders are so sore & tight 😔 
but now i'm watching dear john and my moods going to turn completely around because this movie gets my hopes up about men 😔 
who wants to get a gym pass with me ? ! it's only 10 bucks 😭 😞 
confirme d: chopping onions has the same effect on cats as it does on people . poor little mais 😿 
having the worst heart pain right now . wish it would stop 😭 
i wish my fan didn't break so i could fall asleep 👎 😞 
USERNAME my point - u dont wanna see me ? ? </3 hahah 
USERNAME i got mine friday night ! ! and i'm better now ! ! so what the heck :( 
USERNAME a . i'll always love snow . b . i'll never complain except the drivers who don't belong in it . c . i missed it last year :( 
i love USERNAME 😭 every time i see her perform she never fails to bring tears to my eyes 💕✨ #judgeme 
#in7thgrade #in8thgrade #in9thgrade #in10thgrade i had no friends ! 😔 😓 
i always been a trouble maker seens elementry even when i didnt try .____. i always get in trouble v.v 
nicolas sparks movies>>> 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
some people just don't get it and im not sure if they ever will :( 
USERNAME 👉 😔 that word sound alike hmmp where i heard tht from 
i never realized how much i missed my bffmfl </3 :( #needtocatchup USERNAME 
USERNAME i hear ya ! i don't have one either :( 
#inelementary people called me . 😢 😢 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 but look at me now bitches ✌ 
tu eres un caballito de mar verdad :'( USERNAME te amo 
USERNAME *sniffles* i don't even live there and miss adams :( 
this highschool basketball talk with USERNAME #sadtweet #missyall #districtchampsbound #turnup 
i kinda miss you guys a wittle bit of a whole lot 💔 USERNAME USERNAME 
bye , portland . sad to see you go so soon . :'( (@ gate d7) URL 
USERNAME yes ! & crying 😔 😘 i love you booboo . see you tomorrow ! 
USERNAME what do i have to do to get noticed jai :( i love u tho <3 
like i said if you got no intention don't hurt me anymore and if you are really sorry than dont keep using me if that's wat u doing 😤 😭 😭 😭 😭 😤 
#illneverforget the day i got caught for stealing essie nail polish in ricky's . thank goodness i was 15 they were gonna call the cops on me 😥 
USERNAME went to basic and back . me ? oh i'm still waiting to leave :( lol 
USERNAME i don't know you number :( ur too famous for me 
USERNAME 😭 💔 i just wanted to play call of duty 4 and talk to you and you were like stfu cade 
i'm sorry im such a bother . i feel all alone right now :( 
can't get under the covers bc i just painted my nails ... omg .. :( 
#inmiddleschool i was teased for having my hair cut in a bob ): 
ryan must think i'm getting chubby with all his comments or references to working out .. 😔 😪 😣 
too bad i wont be able to rock it :( 
USERNAME if only they were in my diet #dreams 😩 😞 
USERNAME i’m so sad ! i bought some jean leggings from you guys and 2nd wear they are already worn out on the knee :( anything i can do ? 
USERNAME watchu tryna say man ? lol i shrunk a half a inch i was 5'2 & 1/2 a month ago now i'm 5'2 :( 
USERNAME wow . omg ! ! :'( i hope you get better ! ! i will be praying ! ! love you bestie ! 
USERNAME lol eww ik . but all i wanted was his money which he didn't have :( 
#inmiddleschool USERNAME tryed to fight a girl and she straight up ran away hahahahahhahahahaha 😭 won't mention any names lmao 
USERNAME the good ole' days boo . miss you 😔 
im very upset no gamee for me tonight 😭 🎮 #blackops2 
of ower was real kc fan we would be there ! sad :( 
omg 😣 this is not good , mounties ! what the heck was that ? ! 
okay look i'm honest , boy i can't lie i miss you 😔 
what am i going to do for 3 days without USERNAME 💔 💔 💔 💔 
i want it ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 rt USERNAME URL 
i'm at the gym and you guys are nerding it up :( 
USERNAME i found my perfect oppa but he goes to cascade and doesn't know my existence :( 
i seriously miss all my raytown friends . ): #wannamoveback #memories 
back to reality ... :( (@ sacramento international airport (smf) w/ 9 others) URL 
USERNAME i’m such a devout USERNAME shopper and this has never happened with anything i’ve bought before ! :( 
im soo mad , one of my headphone broke 😞 👎 💔 
#inmiddeschool my best friends were USERNAME and USERNAME we had good times 😢 ❤ 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😞 what the fuck guys ? ! #ganguponkaitlynnight ? i already apologized ! 
liam (my fish) is turning white ! ! ! so i googled it and it says because i leave him in a dark room too much 😞 😥 😰 😔 😓 😢 #poorliam #stillcute 
wah ! why do i not feel goo d: ( 😞 
USERNAME take pictures for me , please ! i wish i could see it in person :( 
my sister leave @ 5 in tha morning </3 #ugh :( 
id like to c u try for a . change :( 
#inmiddleschool i went out with a chick that never kissed me 😭 
ikno ive fucked up alot of times & i dont think i can fix what happened between us </3 #sorry 
waah :( black ops 2 commercial just came on . it looks so much better than the first one ! 😣 😪 
damnn ... its cold af outside ! ! ! :( 
#in5thgrade i cried because my science teacher have floating kitten fetuses in a jar in her classroom . 😣 #mrsfluitt #crazy 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ya forgot me 😭 
USERNAME i miss youu too 😢 see me next time your home ! 
. USERNAME is amazing (and right ): obama a 'republican in blackface ,' black msnbc hosts are 'selling their souls' URL 
life is good just have to get through these next two exams then i can relax for a little bit i'm just so nervous 😳 😭 
USERNAME i remember me you and jess went to your house like first day of high school ! i miss alla you ): 
i used to be a used to , but i never got used to , being what used to be 😞 
USERNAME when we dated ! and then USERNAME took me from you ! :( 
#inmiddleschool i had no middle school . only transitioned from elementary to highschool . :'( 
i remember when my boyfriend use to talk to me like that :( it will fade hunny ! lol juss kidding . mushy gushy all over my timeline USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME last night to ! 😢 everyone goes back at the same next year that we met so we better go again 
USERNAME noo 😣 english homework is always at the bottom of my homework list lol 
hahahhaha USERNAME i love you so much ! those were the greatest voicemails ever ! my phone was dead for half the day ! :( i'm sorry ! 
USERNAME it was acceptable for my mom to let me out of the house in it 😭 she did it just to laugh at me i bet 😢 😱 
USERNAME i work in lake saint louis ! far away :( 
USERNAME i got a damn white slip too . #fml 
i love to skate ! just nobody wont go with me 😔 my poor quads bern sitting in my closet for the longest 
taking a break , why is it so hard to get sexy-fide ! ! ! ! 😕 😞 😤 #gay #gym #healthy #workout #sexy @ 24 hour fitness URL 
USERNAME yeah i wasn't a fan of blended foot ... especially pizza and burgers :( 
#inmiddleschool i would sit next to austin in math & we would always joke around that we were married .. i miss that kid 😒 💔 
USERNAME whhyy i dont feel good :( . and we'd only just be going to school anyways . 
i really really really want a white long haired persian kitty <3 pweasee 😢 🐱 ❤ 
USERNAME i'm so sorry about molly :( (( hope you're doing alright , miss you ! ! ! 
goodnight , guess #oomf isn;t gonna talk too me tonighht :'( #sobsobsob ... #happybirthdaybre <3 
USERNAME it really irritates me ! ! :( you don't know what you have till its gone and then you'll eat your words ugh people ! lol 
USERNAME USERNAME im sorry ! ! ): i really was looking forward to that hug and picture ! 
USERNAME hahaha . i think that's the first time you have ever violently threatened me . 😳 i ate one and took a bite out of the rest 😔 😉 
cod black ops 2 is out today ! ! ! and i haven't gotten a copy yet :'( #sadtweet #blackops2 
all of a sudden got nauseous out of no where ... uhh whyy im supposed to be past this :( 
USERNAME - well umm ... i ... i ... i ... i'm sorry :'( 
no one wants to text me , how sad :( lol oh well 
USERNAME u betta i'm still mad @ u cause u didn't see me the last time u was out here :-( 
USERNAME yep i was definitely always the tower . #fml 
i wish i was getting black ops 2 tonight :( 
i've paid full attention to #thecrucible and people who slept during the play have more questions answered . 😳 😣 USERNAME 
#in6thgrade USERNAME USERNAME , and evelyn ; they were the real deal . #myoldbffs #missyouguyzz ! :( 
USERNAME yeah it's only 10 bucks 😭 😞 but i have nobody to go with . 
can't wait to go get my head checked tmrw .. so sick of these constant headaches 😒 😢 
doc said the steroid shot would keep me up all night :( boo . 
USERNAME USERNAME what did you get harli ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? 😧 
USERNAME omg i'm lol'ing so hard right now (; wish i was lol'ing with you .... in person :( i love you my love ! ! ! ! ! always and forever 
USERNAME lol me neither ! but ur leavin at 1 so .. wahh :'( we b clowin when we hang tho . baha 
#in10thgrade soccer class was the best and my whole sophomore year was the best year of high school 😢 💔 best varsity soccer girls 
a pipe in worcester broke , we ain't got no water & porter potties are in transit . wtf ? help me :( at least we might not have class 2m #win 
USERNAME totally forgot ill have to go to psyc alone tomorrow :( 
i just wanna cuddle up into a ball and sleep 😞 
omfg i can't write an essay :( too many regulations ! ! ! 
it feels like i lost my best friend . #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME hold up ! so no wings wensday ? :'( 
i feel like trey songs when he wrote i need a girl .... :( ( fellings .... i hate em 
may allah ease my friends n i tomorrow . esok ada tough exam wahahaha t.t 
USERNAME hahaha well your lucky i dont get it till after school :( ( 
i've had so much stress my face has started to break out again ... #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME you disappeared after we graduate :( we miss you ! 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss my chocolate bitch too 💔 come visit me ya skank 
soon ass i take off my clothes and put this towel on my brother jump in the shower ! ! ! la'bitch :( (( 
it was always a dream to walk out of the ralph englested arenas locker room tunnels . guess i won't be doing that . #sadtweet #regrets 
#in10thgrade i gave my heart away and i only got a small piece back 💔 #heartbroken #2yearrealationship 
#in11thgrade i fucked up in school ! 😔 😳 😭 
USERNAME yeah . it's not just you . no one can do it or sign up for anything :( idk either . 
#inmiddleschool ricky was one of my best friends #notanymore :( (( 
i just bit tf out of my lip 😖 😭 
#in8thgrade i didn't believe them when they said it goes by fast , man do i believe them now 🎓 💔 😰 #sadtweet 
i hate not being able to fall asleep . 😔 
USERNAME the halls smelt like catfish like fr . 😾 🐟 
USERNAME i wish ! i don't have my car -_- ! but i'm moving bro :( 
USERNAME lol yea that was my boo :( :( lol palmer holt got us hooked up 
#in7thgrade i never matched ! i wore like 4 colors at a time 😔 smh 
will never eat at acapulco again ! that place is so ratchet ! #foodpoisoning is no fun ! 😞 😷🚫that's all . 
almost every night i'm like this -> 😒 and -> 😔 
i just got hungry as shit ... wtf man damn . 😔 
sometimes i want to say/do the sweetest things , but i've been burned so bad in the past that i'm afraid to act like i care as much i do . 😔 
#in8thgrade i got drunk for my first time . nothing to be proud of . smh 😔 
USERNAME is this right or should it show the dollar amount being discounted ? it says but shows $0.00. :( URL 
USERNAME i have to go back in old emails to access that . i'm been missing out on video chats ! </3 
we all know i'm a loser , you don't have to remind me everyday . 😔 
i want to go to a USERNAME and USERNAME concert :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i looked like a chola , me and ash . har and kaylee looked all cute :( 
USERNAME cause my plans fell through :( i was goin yo the boat but plans changed 
deff not gonna sleep good 2night 😔 2 much shit on my mind . 
#12thgrade i lost the most important woman to me , my nana 👑 💔 
my bestfriend USERNAME made a twitter . ^-^ i miss him /: </3 
USERNAME i know i was the bomb but coach reeh was mean to me :'( 
USERNAME son of a bitch no i missed it :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm trying so hard to get stuff done :( 
i don't think i've been this upset in a while ... :( 
USERNAME buut i miss you and your stupidity :( wahh 
USERNAME i did that once put washed my face with it :( 
rickyy ! ! you're breaking your promise babe ! :( #crying 😢 😿 👎 
i don't wanna go back 😥 i love my friendlies here :( 
USERNAME :( what's wrong my bisshh ! ! ? ? 
oh but these suckers might be lovely yet killing my back sometimes 😣 ... god whys you blessed me too much ? 
#inmiddleschool everyone in my clique would make fun of my height . 😔 
if i wasn't such a puss , i'd def get this 😔 ... URL 
USERNAME i almost tweeted you about that year ! and i know 😞 i didn't have any friends #newenvironment 
anyone want to adopt me for thanksgiving ? ! my family is going out to dinner 😢 
USERNAME no you won't . 😔 you can always eat with us at my house & jeffs . you are more than welcome 💗 💋 
USERNAME i cant sleep ): merp you just need a turn with the nerf gun hehe 
USERNAME don't feel bad , i'm still kicking myself because i sold my 360 ! ! ! ! ! i needed gas money ! ! ! ! 😫 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
this URL commercial be having me weakk . lmbo nasty old bitties 😣 
USERNAME not when you're the one on the outside :( (((( 
USERNAME that's why i want you to drive ! i don't feel good ! 😔 
when you're in the shower , and you hear loud thumps and you think 😧 
i need to get fucked up right now ... #soberlife #nofun #fml 
shouldn’t have put my number on twitter earlier 😔 😔 😔 😔 
the greatest thing since sliced bread (watch al the way through ): URL 
feeling beyond sick right now . gotta love college dining hall food ... not . :( 
#in6thgrade i had a in school suspension and missed the 6th grade field trip 😔 
USERNAME i was gonna buy you a one direction poster 😭 😭 
wish i didn't rip most of those notes up . :( 
USERNAME 😔 ill try not to ! ❤ i would miss you wayy too much ! 
wish i had someone to ride to gamestop with me . 😞 
USERNAME idk what that box is ... 😔 i haven't upgraded my phone yet . 
USERNAME #soproud . we are having a onesie party for xmas break ! !since you wont be home for thanksgiving :( 
how the fuck does a hispanic teen , have an 90% in spanish ? 👊 😔 
#in1stgrade i threw myself to the floor &; started crying because ms . razo took a piece of candy away from me 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME and we ended up looking like shit ! :( lololol good times ! 
#in11thgrade i cut my hair really short just for the fun of it .... and now i miss my long hair :( 
USERNAME i'm not even high :( ahhahaha always assuming ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME lol i wish i had a picture 😔 
i wish i would have been at the spa today when the guy on heroine wouldn't leave :( 
look what they're doing to our home USERNAME in my last two tweets 😢 😢 
USERNAME i'll be in nyc on saturday ! please find me and meet me . it would make all my dreams come true 😭 🙏 
i'm so ugly , i wish i was as gorgeous as USERNAME :( 
it's a hate love thing; these suckers be killing my back at times 😣 . god why did you bless me so much ? #ijs 
USERNAME i requested the day off just to be safe (i never work tuesdays). and i’m sorry about your not perfect attendance now :( 
i tried starting my essay but my sister called me , & shes telling me about her hurricane sandy experience . :c 
USERNAME i used to have a girl and someone stole her ! 😥 
USERNAME :( i miss u too ms sid , your witty comebacks to my tweets are missed everyday 
i saw USERNAME , but not USERNAME this weekend :( 
USERNAME lets just say i'm not going to see y'all for a very long time 😢 ! ! 
nd now you left me with tears and more tears . </3 
USERNAME i love it but it's not letting me save it ! :( 
USERNAME my hard drive quit on me :( ordered a new one today . i have time machine so it could be worse . 
USERNAME it's been like that all weekend ! ! it was horrible . they turned off the heat i swear . 😩 😭 ❄ 
#confessionnight i hate sleeping all alone in my apartment some nights . 😔 
haven't watched this in a while 😢 #bbt #bigbangtheory #ins @ juniper residence hall - university of the arts URL 
' seeing oldd , sweet messages from thaat exx yoou still likee . . . . </3 3 yeep i juust cried ! 
i feel like some of my best generalizations about life are published solely on twitter . that upsets me 😣 
all the teen mom 2 daddies <<<<< smh it's sad 😒 😔 
USERNAME ah , i so would ! but baby made herself only $25 at the hook tonight ! totally broke 😞 
i wish i was at home so my mom could take care of me :( 
i hate when i go weeks with out talking to someone and be fine . then the moment he texts me or i see him the feelings hit hard ): 
i have a feeling USERNAME wants to kill me right now 😪 😔 ! 
USERNAME yeah she say i look scrubby and ish :( 
USERNAME haha yeah yeah , but it's better . gotta have surgery on it though :( 
night you guys . today's one of my sad days . 😔 love yall 💙 
every one except me ! and i freaking love him 😔 ❤ 
USERNAME boys don't like me . can we cuddle all of break ? 😢 
USERNAME i'm so sorry about your doggy essie :( rip essiekins ! ! sweetest dog ever . 
i'm gonna be exhausted again tomorrow because i have to wake up early to look pretty 😔 🙋 
USERNAME i miss you woman ! ! sorry i must've missed it :( 
so today me & my brother were chasing each other around the house & i slipped & scrapped my arm :( 
USERNAME lmaoo finee i'll go back and walk 😔 hahahaha .... loserr 
wish i hadn't have eaten all of my salt & vinegar stax ! 😣 
#inmiddleschool i swear i was in love with USERNAME lmao 😭 😒 
USERNAME jealz . i wish i had vacation time left :( 
i already don't like this whole goodnight texts thing .. i'd rather be laying next to you cuddling and falling asleep :( 
i just peeled a banana . my wrist made a loud popping sound . and now i can't move it . #fml #ohhnoo 
i want a lightsaber for christmas but i know if i ask my mom for it she'll say no :'( 
USERNAME haha me too ! but i seriously wanna work out . but not alone :( 
USERNAME mr . grinnell will blame me for your death , he'll say i didn't watch you better #oops 😭 
not feeling very good tonight :( this is not a good time to be getting sick ! ! 
#in7thgrade when an 8th grader threw a pen at a beehive and our school was plagued my bees 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
might have to unfollow whatever fam i have on instagram these pics are making me seriously home sick ! ! 💔 
no :( rt USERNAME USERNAME have you watched it ? ! ? ! 
USERNAME hey now ... 😔 heard ill be seeing your face more in next semester . love you <3 
USERNAME really ! ! ! .. aah but i work that day .. ? and i'll be out by like 10pm :( 
#inmiddleschool i had super long curly hair 😔 😔 😔 
i . hate . english . papers . kill . me . now . 😭 🔫 
carolina panthers can't even get the imaginary 10th seed in this playoff chart breakdown . #depressing URL 
USERNAME hmm ... looks cool , but it doesn't appear on the list of exhibitors :( 
USERNAME damn yeah i put the wrong one lol :( lmaoo 
USERNAME is this right ? i am trying to use code victory20. it says but shows $0.00. :( URL 
big titty problems . i have those . 😔 URL 
USERNAME i'm done i promise look at what i just retweeted that was my next one :( oh mrs k #gottaloveher 
USERNAME is masturbating on the phone :( my poor ears 
my puppy is growling and pretending to run in his sleep .. ahh ! 😣 😳 
how is it possible someone can be so blind 😥 
well at least this game will put me to sleep 😣 
USERNAME hope it flys baby ! miss you so much :( 
so tell me you love me , but only for tonight . just tell me you love me , i'll give you all of me ... 💔 💋 
only thing missing was my love 😔 but glass was still half full 😉 😉 #nightnight 😴😴 
haven't had a bad night like this in awhile 😢 😢 😕 😐 😔 #goodnight 
when you're so sore from the gym you can literally feel your muscles growing 😣 <<<<<< 
USERNAME oh haha i was all my nigga got married and she no tell me ! ? :( #sadtweet 
i wish i could fast forward through all my studying so i could read my cosmo magazine ): #sadtweet #girly 
USERNAME ooh i was drunk out my mind ! they said i was rolling infront of the rec 😔 
i witnessed and got elbowed by her when i tried to pull u off 😔 
USERNAME & then i graduated & we stopped talking 😔 
USERNAME i still have bruises tho . & i can't open my mouth very wide :( so its hard to eat normal food still . haha 
USERNAME ohh ! lol . & omg but i have an alg 2 class already :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME act . those are some pretty destructive thoughts . :( /hug 
USERNAME sleep well ? hmm haven't done that in a long time :( 
i'm a horrible bowler 😞 @ bowling center at sam's town hotel & gambling hall URL 
USERNAME what happened to your cinnamon roll hair ? :( 
USERNAME USERNAME you look cute , not me ! :( 
USERNAME i think i'm gonna cry that's so sad😫 💔 
i'm seriously delirious from doing homework all day 😣 #needsleepnow 
USERNAME yess 😘 finally i can see my other half life is not the same without you for so long 💔 
when you can't sleep and have no one to talk to <<< #sadtweet 😒 
shoulda worn a jacket to work ! #brr 😦 ❄☔ 
heard USERNAME rocked it at #bieberinbrooklyn ! ! regret not going :( but happy to kno tht justin was happy thro the whole show  
in my feeling tonight . i hate that ish . 😕 😢 
in #9thgrade USERNAME taught me how to be on #teamntdo and :'( <3 
i should get some rest i've got a test in the morning . :( 
tearin up at alot of these pictures 😥 hate how everything goes by so fast ! 
USERNAME i can't sleep 😔 and your the one gonna end up throwing up . 😒 ✋ 
just missing my little angels so much right now . i hate how far they live from me 😣 URL 
USERNAME it would be really rare for you to ! you'll probably be on close :( i just start that early bc i had to trade . 
my room is so cold 😔 😞 😰 😨 😱 😫😩 #helpme #poorcollegestudent 
how i'm feeling right now ..... i'm really finna go get me a black .. i'm so stressed out ! ! ! ! :( too bad i don't smoke no more .. 
i can't believe that only cat i've ever liked ran away 🐱 💔 crust was such a good cat .. URL 
USERNAME your second bed was jae's 😭 kae kae would say mom can i cover matty he looks cold ! ! 
USERNAME i know :( might go to cali for thanksgiving 
ugh i regret cutting it . it doesn't grow ! ! ! ! ! ! 😔 😔 
i wanna go to zoo lights this year , but no one to go with :( 
USERNAME actually yu told me #in11thgrade when we were friends . everyone of my friends admitted to hating or fearing me :( #imhorrible 
USERNAME awe glad to hear it;) i'm white af now :( lol 
my head hurts and i don't want to read about how to write a persuasive speech 😔 URL 
damn :( not liking the news . :( (( lord dont take her away so soon heal her . 
two of my favorite dudes c . nelly and boone went home today :( 
USERNAME i have class until 8 😔 are you coming to toledo 😼 ! ? 
freakin lovecody belew on #thevoice ! he's so good ! i wish i could sing ... :( womp womp wwoommpp 
feel like my heart just fell to my stomach .... 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME i hope your mom is doing okay ? :( 
my gum is so fucked up right now it's not even funny 😭 
USERNAME hahah no it's all good ! i might just wait for redbox ! movies are too expensive 😔 
hahaha i just remember i posted a nudie this weekend and took it down after 10 minutes when iau didn't rt it .. USERNAME 😒 😔 🍌 
USERNAME hahaha ! that was so funny ! we were super close ! ): 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you guys misses out ! 😔 
#backinelementaryschool i was in love with a little mexican boy named eddie and he moved to mexico in 2 grade after he told me he liked me 😔 
yeah those moments your mind over analyzes and can't sleep , and your sick #ineedsleep #damnit :( 
USERNAME USERNAME seriosly tho we needa hang really soon . miss my bro :'( 
USERNAME not till june but her husband is moving tomorrow :-( 
i like how USERNAME rted a ton of people from the brooklyn concert . what about stl ? ! #sadtweet #justinwillnevernoticeme 😞 😭 💜 #belieber 
not funny :( rt USERNAME USERNAME i'm officially sick ! ” 👆hah ! 
i been liking the same person since 8th grade . but i messed it up 😔 
ooh the pain returns .... fml ... this is torture 👎 😔 😞 😫😩 😢 😰 😟 😑 😶 
#inmiddleschool i was short , oh wait i still am 😔 
but i'm going to miss some of y'all fr fr ! ! 😔 
USERNAME i can't think of the rest of the song :( 
USERNAME please keep me in your prayers girl ! i don't know if lu is the school i should go to or some others ... i'm so unsure 😢 
USERNAME whatt i would love too butt i work later in the day :( 
why you wanna bring up old shit lol but i'm sorry :( 
i feel my time is up . 😔 😔 😔 
“USERNAME i'm back on the market baby 😭 😘 USERNAME no shit ? ! what happend txt me 
USERNAME haha wanna plan a ? but sunshine is fixed :( 
it really is sad the things people do for money 😥 
😿 baby gone to work . can't sleep without him 
wanna watch dear john since i've never seem it but i have an 8am 😔 
i hate that when i have something in my head i cannot put it aside and worry about the shit that matters ! ugh ): #cantstudy #butwhocaresright 
like hello i'm trying here & you were half awake :( 
USERNAME i remember when we first named her ... 😔 
USERNAME geez i know ! 💔 not a good story to tell lol 
USERNAME leggoo . idk how to get there thoo ): 
regretting that 3 hour nap i took right about .. now . 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME you did ! ! ! hahaha u were a part of the people who tormented me 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME ughh i would if i wasnt studying for my midterms :'( i have to gt up at 530 :( rain check pleeasee i miss you guys 
boredd to death .. 😔 😒 😠 😠 😠 😠 😠 ! ! ! 
USERNAME please if you love me follow me 😔 ! USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME would love to , but i gotta study📚 😥 #collegeprobs 
paranoia will be the death of me . 💔 😔 😭 😢 
why did i watch friends with benefits ? ? stupid stupid 😣 😨 😢 👊 #butitssogreat 
USERNAME i know :( i have never been there either ! ! 
mehh . i can't feel my toes . 😞 i hate winter . 
the last jack's mannequin concert and i'm not there ... :'( i'm literally the saddest ever right now 
USERNAME yea ,. but it was too uncomfortable 😱 😱 😢 
my eye itching ; i'm tryna be happy but somebody in they feelings -_- #moodkillers lol :( 
i should probably turn this sad love pandora station lol #fml #whydoisucktonight 
two weeks ... that all it took for me to fall in love with you . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME cute smile ! like what you're doing with your fingers ! but i have no clue what it means :( 
textin USERNAME he just really made me feel a lot better about this situation 😔 
#inmiddleschool USERNAME amy and i had the best memories ! ! kent station .. boys .. phone calls .. hahaha scary movies ! ! i miss you :( 
ugh i feel so left out , i dont have any new games :( 
i see them , then look in the mirror , and see i'd never compare 😪 😢 
#in7thgrade i made alot of new friends . and one of greatest friends :'( 
USERNAME oh no ! you just discovered another great thing ! :{ ) 
missing him . 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ 
#in8thgrade miss bilsky bashed me on paren t.t eacher conference 
#in6thgrade i wanted to be in high school but now i just wanna be in elementary again :( 
“USERNAME #inmiddleschool the song gasolina was that song ! dame mas gasolinaa ! " he'll yea 😭 😭 😭 
i felt kinda weird at victors party on friday . no one wanted the blunt i was trying to share ! :c 
USERNAME lol well USERNAME went to bed so it would just be us :( unless we can get USERNAME to play ... ? 
i love writing guys cute notes like on paper but my handwriting isn't pretty so i can never do it 😞 
they say i'll be okay , but i'm not going to ever get over you . 😔 #truelovehurts 
USERNAME well u need to come out i miss whitney :( 
i wish i had someone to come tickle my arm . 😔 
i'm the only one who can lay in bed for two hours and still not fall asleep . #sadtweet 
they jump roping nshit on fresh prince 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME wait ... i missed meow monday ! 😭 😭 does this mean i'm kicked out of #meowmeowproductions ? 
USERNAME my ninja abe ain't visit me today . i lowkey miss him . smh . :'( 
i wish you could see how perfect we are for each other 😔 
USERNAME you never texted me :( cant help it im random . 
USERNAME USERNAME i know :( they might be doing beer again for the sprig . try that 
USERNAME it's the episode when michelle falls off her horse and loses her memory :( 
i guess he in a tank wyt no phonee :( 
#in8thgrade i wanted to be emo/ scene / whatever #fml URL 
USERNAME i’m jealous . ! ! ! ! ! 💔 💔 broke college life ain’t no joke 
USERNAME yes , lol . i sit in the group of 4 girls to your left lol 😔 
i only want you , and you want me and her . funny how things go huh ? #fml 
idk why i'm sick 😞 hope i get well soon 😏 
USERNAME yes we have to ! ! like i will 😭 if we don't ! 
it's hard knowing you've been gone for 7 months , but it's harder knowing that such an amazing person isn't here anymore . #missyou 😔 💜 
i think my parents would rather ditch me and adopt my boyfriend . ❌ 😥 ❌ 
USERNAME amen to that ! ! ! ! #only5episodesleft #sadtweet 
urrghh work itunes ahh i wanna buy that na :( wag ka sumabay please 
god why does full house have to be so sentimental ? ! l 😭 
not looking forward to tmrw at all 😞 😑 😕 
USERNAME wahh :( they are making me work too bc ppl usually barrow money more that day ! soo stupid 
USERNAME i think i'm gonna be with my dad . idk though . i'll try though . i miss my best friend 😭 💙 
USERNAME ohh wow . we probs only have 1 class together :( 
USERNAME thank god . we need our et back :( sleepover at my house hopefully ! ! 
USERNAME not shitt . where have you been ! we need to be reunited </3 
USERNAME hahaha , i know right ? ! i love that shadow box . i love all the vintage stuff she has at her house . i really need to visit ! ! ): 
well i love all my classes tomorrow except tuesdays and thursdays :( 
USERNAME but i mean i understand if they don't have what you want here :( 
USERNAME USERNAME maybe berta ? i have no idea . lol why do i not remember this stuff :( 
i love winter but hate the transition my body goes through . my knees constantly ache & i cant move . wwaahh :'( 
waking up at 4 to write my asr paper ✌ #fuckmylife #ihatemliferightnow #asrprobz 
my heart shatters every time i am forced to believe you are really gone . i'm starting to think ill never be able to accept it . 😢 #ilygram 💔 
going to beeville tomorrow; just wish it wasn't for this reason 😔 rip reyes; you'll be missed 😞 #lifestooshort #onlythegooddieyoung 😪 
saw a nice leather/biker jacket sa sm department store . gusto ko sana bilhin .. kaso .. sm department store ? :( #bakitwalangganunsazaraattopman 
looks like i'm not gonna get any sleep tonight :( 
i will be complaining how much i get neglected for the next couple of days ... he got cod :'( 
USERNAME can't wait to get it #takemehomeisperfect #takemehometonumber1 #takemehomealbum have to wait until tomorrow :( 
so sad i'm not playing #blackops2 right now . 😫 😥 😢 #broke #collegeproblems 
USERNAME haha . wait , loved ? as in past tense ? oh , i got you . </3 
USERNAME i know 😭 honestly , we were going strong for like 4 months .... 👌 
i'm seriously so sad that i can't find the first episode of season three of the walking dead anywhere 😔 
USERNAME omg . i love that movie so much . big daddy makes me cryy . 😭 #kickassprobs 
the fact that i have work tomorrow . <<<<<<< 😞 
it's crazy cause when i turned at the light i was like & not even 10 seconds later , it drove into a '95 nissan 😔 
USERNAME lol we got our lives taken away tho 😭 😔 
#in8thgrade the volleyball girls were one point away from winning the championship </3 
USERNAME are you possibly taking another trip to the city anytime soon :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( i actually like helping with your essays haha 
my throat is getting sore and i'm sneezing quite a bit . why must i be getting sick now when my big day is tomorrow ! ? 😢 😭 
USERNAME im gunna miss sledding for a whole week :( 
USERNAME but dude what if she says no couse your mom wont be their .. :c 
i spent bout 20 min researching why the fuck my phone wouldn't make a sound when i got a text& it turns out it's on silent 😔 
i haven't had anything to eat at all today .... soo sick :( ( 
please tell me b/c they say don't catch feelings but how can you help it when they are everything you want && you like them a lot ? 😔 
i miss jordan :( i'm so sad he moved ! 
i hate headaches that make you feel dizzy and nauseous when and keep you awake until the advil kicks in . i just wanna fall asleep :( 
i hate when he falls asleep on me . 😣 
i just wonder ... do you ever think of me any more 😔 
#in10thgrade i lost my best friend of 16 years and my friend from 5 years . it was a rough year :( 
i'm just really upset because xm was playing tuesday afternoon and firth of fifth at the same time on different channels :( #progproblems 
#in1stgrade i got a permanently fat lip because my brother pushed me into the cupholders in our car and it broke open . 😔 
#hurting :( :( why do i have to like you ? ? ? 
only think that i don't like about this case is that i can't see the apple on the back ... it was my little mirror :( 
USERNAME me & lana stalked joel & austin then ended up hating them 🙅 💔 🚫 
my posole was so delicious , my family ate it all and only left 1 plate for me .. :c 
USERNAME USERNAME omg me too best freaking year i had od fun bcuz of you guys :( 
USERNAME USERNAME ima miss playin jurrasic park every week :( 
sometimes i wonder who the fuck i am ! #confused :( ( 
i really need my best friend here now #fridaycantcomefastenough 😞 
"USERNAME goodnight :( oh oh oh so wat u saying u just gone stop talking to us 
. i swear having a job takes all my energy: i doubt imma finish this hw for tmr ! :'( 
well .. that shows that if i don't tweet USERNAME atleast a gm , she won't tweet me at all 😔 
school in the am 😞 blah ! don't wanna go 😔 😫 
USERNAME . . . i gotta in grown toenail .. :( 
missed my 1,000th tweet 😭 i guess tweet number 1,009 goes out to my adorable family , USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
#inmiddleschool during project kids , there was a toy bus in the middle of the floor&i tripped right over it .. USERNAME just laughed . :( 
poca - everyday (freak mix) (shot by tks ): URL via USERNAME #check 
USERNAME well i would but the only flights into the country are fighter planes bombing pre-schools and they said i can't hitch a ride :( 
aww why you took it off ! ! ! ! ! ! ! USERNAME i was gonna get off 😔 
USERNAME i been just chilling .... the real question is where have u been ? ? ? u never even hit up a nig ! :( 
if i don't do this essay i might as well say bye to my ipod & phone 😭 😱 💔 🔫 
i need to be loved by someone . cause not one person in my life loves me . fucking blows ! 😞 
i wish i was taller just for her like only so we could look cute together ... :( .... 
USERNAME i know ! mom said something about visiting when i was there last , but we never did #sadtweet 
USERNAME omgg not u to ! hahahah i knew it ! lmfao i was gunna go wends but shit y'all might not even get up to open the door ! :( lol 
when you're tired but you can't sleep <<<<<< #fml #goodnight 
i don't wanna go to college ! :c i'm scared shitless . *runs away* 
i hate coffee but i'm gonna stop n buy some to drink to stay awake . i still have over 2 hrs to get home . 😞 
i hate headaches that make you feel dizzy and nauseous and keep you awake until the advil kicks in . i just wanna fall asleep :( 
USERNAME USERNAME that show makes me miss home too much :( 
90% productivity at work . that's a record ! i should get a prize . i wanna go home already 😞 
17 hour day- my feet hate me :( . we get to do it again tomo ! ! ! giddy-up ! ! ! 
going to bed after wat i just see . #fml goodnight 
USERNAME i still find it so crazy that you live in alaska lol but i feel you , highschool is not fun v.v 
i'm at 398 right now i wanna get to 400 😭 😭 😭 
all these intermediate memories makin me wish i didn't grow up so fast ! :'( 
i feel bad every time i cough cause ik it wakes my mom up 😔 
#myweek tues: work/study/stress/study/study we d: test/chill thurs:work/essay fri: chill/dj sat :c hill/dj sun:football/ef hw 
USERNAME according to an art exhibit i saw once: yes :( 
#inmiddleschool my ribs stuck out so bad , and lucy always laughed at me telling people i had 4 boobs . i was never more embarrassed 😭 
damn i really need to go back to the gym ! ! ! 😭 
USERNAME yeah someone fat went in it before me ): oops #wasntfat #promise 
#in6thgrade i had the biggest crush on someone that didn't even care about me . and i still feel the same way . 😔 
&& then i get on tha twitter box at tha wrong time ! ugh damn 😢 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME we have that stupid morning ss meeting so i can't eat after practice :( wahh ill be dead by lunch #niceknowingyou 
USERNAME same here . extremely sad . :( glad it's getting some publicity and hopefully resources , too . 
i love hate this guy ----------> 😾 USERNAME ❤ ❤ ❤ 😡 😡 😡 😡 
USERNAME just saw this tweet ! it must be going around . USERNAME and i got served too :( 
USERNAME omg that's horrible ! you're not gonna graduate :( ? 
had only twenty more minutes to stay awake , then i wake up an hour and a half later . #ifail 😔 
just gonna be a nerd & do my homework since no one wants to laugh with me ! :'( 
but really , i update my apps today and now my USERNAME app won't work 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i will text you tomorrow and we can chat a bit :( 
#inelementaryschool i wanted to be in high school , now #inhighschool i want to be back in elementary… 😭 
the people's tattoo's in america are just amazing ! ! #wantone :( 
USERNAME noo 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i knew it was coming sooner or later 
i need start buying my music cause this free music app is using alot of my memory :/ #sadtweet #needstartbuyingmyshit #thethingsidoformusic 😔 
#inmiddleschool i was suspended for smacking a chicks booty .. in house suspension too 😔 
pandora until i k . o . 👌tomorrows gonna be perf 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME oh sweetie ! ! ! i'm sorry :( 
damn idk what i go through more of lighters or phones :( 
i have edge of glory stuck in my head . 🎧🎶 😭 🎶🎶 
i'm going back through my stage where i can't fall asleep with talking to him first . 😭 
im seriously considering getting a fake id .. i hate going out to dinner & not being able to enjoy a glass of wine with my love 😔 
#in8thgrade desean became my brova from anova mova .. i miss him 😔 😔 😔 
dennise went to sleep and now im all bored :( (( 
i just want my boyfriend back ! :( (( #distanceisabitch ! USERNAME 
USERNAME jerkk . 😖 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
why ? because i can't get over the fact that donavon & jamie danced to this song at the military ball </3 
coming home from a great weekend to most dreadful and awful news in the world . #prayformyfamily 💔 
if you say you are a christian and are living in sin now is the time to repen t.t his ain't no jokegod ain't playing 
i'm going back through my stage where i can't fall asleep with out talking to him first . 😭 
USERNAME yeah blame him i have to go a whole nother day without seeing my baby :-( (( 
USERNAME hahah it's true i hate it :( #crest3d my favorite lol 
been in this hospital for six hours moe 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME just layin in bed , can't sleepp & super bored ): lol 
USERNAME oh susan ! i miss her and you . 😭 😢 😞 
bulls i havent been to school in a week witch makes tomorrow even worse #fml 
USERNAME noo why would i ? i thought u were mad cuz ever since that one incident u tlk to me somedays & others no :( 
USERNAME oh i wouldn't know . i've just been at the library for god knows how long :( 
USERNAME .. nd u said u weren't madd ! :'( 
rip alfred .. you were a great goldfish 😥 we loved you like a brother USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME ; me either hopefully i can get released from the doctor ): so i can play this year 
i just miss USERNAME so fucking much i wanna cry :-( ((((((( 
USERNAME wax ): i wish i would've got them threaded ! 
instead of going in the cabinet getting another roll of paper towels , this idiot uses the cardboard roll 😔 
USERNAME i heard it but like whenever i click the link he tweeted it doesn't open :( 
i definitely didn't want to remember that .. stupid brain 😔 
story of my life 😞 rtUSERNAME i'm bored i hate not having my car . i wanna smoke .” 
“USERNAME harry tinkler the hippo . USERNAME URL her name is hunny ! :( 
i want to play halo with my man :( #gamergirlprobz 
this documentary is making me sick and i wanna cry ... save the animals ! 😥 😞 USERNAME 
USERNAME lol because i always copied and cheated . i hated when you started dating tim . and i was a complete dick head to you ... lol :( 
i need sleep ! i have work in the morning ! ): 
USERNAME hahaha dude i don't remember but damn good memories :( 
having the flu without my mama here to take care of me 😢 😷 
USERNAME lol that was after me falling :( wehh . but your bed was way more comfy ! haha 
the ugliest hoes be tawking soo freaky .... like noo :( #bitchlogout 
i love my job and i feel so bad for some of my amazing friends who are job stalked :( :( :( :( 
USERNAME i'm probably never going to meet you :( i'm heart broken 
USERNAME can people finally show me attention that way 😢 
i always take a nap at USERNAME 's house then when i get home i cant sleep :( 
*if only this burden wasn't so heavy on my ❤ * 😥 
these anxiety meds need to kick in so i can go to sleep 😣 
USERNAME fake zayn rt'd me ! i'm so done :'( #impossible 
so homesick :( ... #7moredays #thanksgiving #family #puppy #friends #relaxation 
i don't want to go to sleep but no one will text me :( 
USERNAME i know :( but they got it down so i'll be able to leave tonight instead of being admitted . 
the one time i read a tumblr fic tumblr goes down . 💔 💔 
i don't think i've ever seen a note written to my little sister from a friend at school . #sadday 
i got to talk to huntur all and day and i got kinda sad when we was going to sleep :( 
wayy too much on my mind . 😔 i just wanna sleep and wake up stress-free . trying to trust god's plan with my life . 🙏 #majoranxiety 
kmfsl ! ! ! ! dis pic my baby just sent me chriss ❤ ❤ 😘 😘 😘 😘 dey cut my babi hair ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😡 
USERNAME when you can't stay and watch a movie with me ! #selfish #sadtweet 
USERNAME no , the question is , what are you doing up this late ! ? yo ass be slacking , falling asleep on my & shit & i be up , alone ): 
USERNAME and jacks mannequin seriously changed my life . they helped me through lots of hard times . so sad jack's is coming to an end 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME they should just turn back time and bring them all back ! edward's death should b coming up soon . 😞 
#truu . that pizza hut we ate yesterday was good tho ! ! n had zaxbys friday n saturday ! ! smh . no alcohol tho .. :( #icandoit 
sad tweet:i feel absolutely awful 😞 #medicineworkfaster #wishitwasthanksgivingbreakalready #missil the bestfriends&yesisaidit , theparentstonight 
i just wanna be loved .. i miss that feeling more than anything . 💔 
USERNAME but still . i mean it's still cute , but i miss my long hair . :( 
lol my big brother busted through my door and yelled then proceeded to deck me in the leg :( night folks :'( 
bedtime . spohn south , see you in 8 hours 😔 
that bonnie & clyde relationship , where we ride together 🚲, cry together 😭 , fight together , die together 💀 ❤ 💀 >>>>>>>> 💏💯thats what i want 
USERNAME hahaha but then i have to pay for myself 😔 
whoa some of our friends were practicing basketball today .. 😭 
this makes me miss basketball ! ! 😭 😢 😔 #neusenation 
#inelementaryschool the girl who taught me multiplication tables 0-3 died in a boating accident #sadtweet 
USERNAME oh ya ... i forgot :-( . come after ! 
all things fall apart with 50 cent was a good movie . had me tearing up 😢 
no more rehursal , no more costumes , no more insane makeup , no more parties in the dressing room .. its all over :'( i miss you guys already ! ! 
i have exactly 900 tweets ! lol , i suck at twitter . :( 
#inmiddleschool people called me ompaloompa cus USERNAME use to call me that 😭 😭 
USERNAME damnit tumblr . i bet carl did it . i self controlled by computer :( 
USERNAME USERNAME whoa ! which one is that ? ? how'd i miss a juicy spoiler ? ? ? :-( 
white power . war crimes . everybody sins . candles in the sun . blowing in the wind . 😔 👌✊🙌 
why not fuck some more shit up ! parents just have it out for me :( everything i do i mess it up ! fuck it .. i'm done ! ! #why #am #ithe #bitch ! ! 
#inmiddleschool USERNAME was my best friend , then she moved . ;( </3 
me & USERNAME just had our first argument in person , we literally went off ! it was so awkward . but i couldn’t stay mad & made up 😔 
USERNAME she thinks it's a good idea but sad that i'll leave her 😢 sucks ! 
3 young boys have died in the past week . seriously #sosad 😣 
poor little sickie :( @ jen & the girls' place URL 
USERNAME well . i have a math test ): so , we can hang out before but then i'll have to meet you there . that okay ? ? 
really want to talk to a certain person . however , it's late and we both have to get up early tomorrow . 😔 
USERNAME like seriously for free ? best gilaa cool ! so jeles t.t i love caramel frapp 
the wors t.t hu . h du xl this phone . jesus fuck androo . but work you fucker . 
going to bed . my son isn't feeling well . :( 
USERNAME the poor thing can only take so much ! ! :( 
i don't want to care about you this much , just noo . 😞 
USERNAME aww i want that summer back :( best time of my life ! ! 
still waiting for my shit to be in that damn mail box 😣 😖 😠 
#in8thegrade i lost my best friend who had been my best friend since kinder over stupid drama . 😔 
the fact i had a dream about tells me , i need to go home ! #cali #626 😔 ✌✈🇮🇹 
my neighbors knew his name . but they don't hear it anymore :( 
cryssuh be catchin' me ! she be on it :-( 
nothing like the peaceful sounds of fire trucks and ambulances to rock me to sleep .... #fml 
USERNAME i hate whoever made that rumor . probably a sick yard duty since all of the kids hid back there . > :( 
thinking bout my papaw and mamaw miller tonight ... can't believe its been so long since the have been gone ... i miss them like crazy ... :( 
USERNAME i've sneezed 6 times in the past minute . :( (((( ugh i hate being sick 
#inmiddleschool i was hella athletic , now .. i'm a couch potato . ): 
i'm sick too but i'm still goin :( #fyouguys #foreveralone USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME but you laughed ... for a long time ... plus you didn't save me when i was yelling for you :( ( i was getting beat up . 
this song about to have me in my ........ too late ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
seen two lil raider fans @ the mall 2day i was able to share sum wisdom with em . i told em that our 💔 get broken every fall n to stay loyal 
pathetic pathetic pathetic pathetic pathetic pathetic . what the fuck is wrong with me ? :-( 
the random phone call im about to gett , oh waitt ... 😔 
#inmiddleschool he was still my best friend 😔 😒 URL 
sitting here listening to myy ex song . and its making me cry . :'( 
i remember USERNAME & i would see how many chilli cheese dogs we could eat during lunch in the 2nd grade but he’d always win… fatty 😔 
USERNAME i live right down the street homie ! :( a phone works two ways ya know ! 
i sleep with 9 pillows and like 8 stuffed animals 😔 
ahh i miss u too bree ! rt USERNAME USERNAME i miss youu 😭 💔 
i didn't even get to be in his class last year ! ): 
USERNAME he left before i could give him my math :-( 
USERNAME like what the hell happened ! ? that time travel and second dimension mess yo 😳 😣 
something is seriously wrong with me 😔 😔 😔 😰 
USERNAME smh . 😞 we bout weren't . it started in the car . 
#blackops2 is out . goodbye to my other half 😥 
in elementary & middle school i remember wishing i was a pace high cheerleader so bad at the games . now i'm a veteran ): 
i want someone to cuddle wiff right now 😔 😔 
need something to hold ... i miss my doggie :( 
USERNAME that sucks ! i'll only have one day to play it until i get moved and settled in japan ! :( 
man bad shit always happen to the wrong ppl smh 😞 
collapsing in my bed and slipping into a coma until 7am 😞 #completelyexhausted #stressed 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i read somewhere the first map pack is all btb maps :( 
USERNAME USERNAME nope .. he never texts back .. :( 
this little boy is the cutest . bring on the tears 😢 #longislandmedium 
every when i pack my bags sum thing always hold me back 🙊 😭 😪🎶🎼 
we found our lives been changed , babe ya lost me 😢 👋 #christinaaguilera 
“USERNAME #in9thgrade and #in10thgrade we attended the best concerts ever ! USERNAME USERNAME #imisschicago :( 
USERNAME i love you zain xx please follow me ): 
USERNAME cause you aint here wit me , </3 , and plus you act like you cant text nobody back -_____- 
USERNAME baby pleasee come back ! ! ! school don't feel the same w/o you ! :'( 
couldn't not be more glad to get out of this house and head too college in 7 months 😢 
USERNAME you never made an effort to talk to me 😔 
i really want taylor swifts new album for my birthday ! 😔 #imcool 
this wind is not lerting me sleep /: i need my amor right about now ): 
its crazy how you can trust someone with all that you've got . trust that took years to build & only .25 seconds to break . </3 
USERNAME hey now . i'm done gloating . i won't win another this year let me enjoy my little victory :( 
USERNAME is so embarrassing ! u should see the way he walks into places 🙊🙈🙉🙀 😼 😾 
i could really use a shoulder to lean on right about now ! 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME haha i don't even wanna hear about how it is down there . it snowed here tonight .. #michiganproblems :( 
#inmiddleschool i was fat as fuck ...... oh wait :( 
nights like these ... 💔 #missyou #emotionalwreck #whyme #missmybestfriend #notthesame 
can't fucking believe it :( i'll be seeing you up there stud , i love you man <3 
looks like i'm not doing hw again tonight . 😞 
i haven't seen my dad in over a month & i miss him ❤ </3 
can't believe i'm missing the premiere of breaking dawn part 2 😞 😣 😫 😖 
just got home .... i don't feel good :( i wanna go straight to bed but i have to wash :( URL 
USERNAME someone messed with my schedule so i didn't show up on accident lmao 😔 it wasn't my fault i swear ! 
i wish i could retweet d'ashlee but she cursed so i cannot . 😞 
i changed alot , but honestly .. i just grew up . plus when you been hurt alot , you would change too . 😔 
all i want is a tall , handsome football player to bring me icecream and cuddle with me 😔 
</3 its crazy how much you can change my mood .. 
its so hard sometimes when all i can do is wish to be with you :( 
#inhighschool i didnt know half the people i know now . i was a straight up loser . :( 
where's my bed ): @ seven clans hotel @ coushatta casino resort URL 
i'm so thirsty .. the ice machine with the cold water is too far . 😔 warm water in my pirates cup it is . 
nobody wanna go to sixflags with me :( screw yall . 
we argue:fight:yell :c ry: get confused . frustration: panic : den still sit down n love eachother .. ups nd downs 
USERNAME don't complain . :( i'll come up with extra funny stuff just for you ! feel lucky you're the first to hear my thoughts lol 
USERNAME omggf sarah i feel so bad about all of that now :( lol 
it's better to be with no one than to be with the wrong one 😔 
USERNAME was the only one that could make my day today . :( she's the only one that understands me . i am thankful i have her in my life . 
i didn't have time for yoga today 😔 i was looking forward to it 
i will never ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever everr eat ice cream again 😓 💩 😞 💩 😳 
definitely going to bed early . i feel so sick . :( 
wish i could play black ops 2 but instead studying physics :( . 
USERNAME haha okay then , and awe . okay then :( 
USERNAME dude i'm not listening tonight ! i'm sorry ! i suck 😥 😞 👎 😿 
USERNAME don't trip .. that nigga fell asleep on me . you were my second option for phone sex , but your phone broke . ): 
big bed , & my husband is on duty #misshim 😔 
cuddled up with my baybay ! wish her fever would go away ! 💔 
problem is , i don't have a guy to cuddle or kiss . ok ... #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME kripke finally got his led zeppelin ! couldn't afford it on USERNAME :( 
USERNAME but .... like ... he wouldn't let me take a picture if him with my princess crown on :( you could have helped me at least .. 
USERNAME fuck ! ! ! ! :( pleeaasee ! i really wanna know 
#inmiddleschool i never had a bf cause i had a gap in my two front teeth :( 
omg ... food baby .... :-( i hate it so much ! 
everyone's asleep now doe ... 😢 i would've gotten so many retweets and favs for my middle school memories 
i don't want to hate you ... but i feel like i am . :( #godhelpme 
but i have to stop before i get chubby :( 
twitter is so complicated i still don't know how to use it :( lol 
i cant move when my baby is that comfortable :( URL 
USERNAME aww no one ever pays me a gum 😞 
love me while im here dont miss me while im gone :( 
that 1 hour nap really screwed me over . 👎 😞 
sleepy sleep time . i have to go to sleep earlier than 2 today ! 😞 😒 
USERNAME its due to sodium . i get it too :( 
gonna sleep all the pain off . 😰 😕 💀🙏✌ 💔 
too bad #sharkweek is long gone 😔 guess these are my 🐘🐘🐘nails ! URL 
i'm surprised i'm able to be on my phone right with the way i'm feeling 😣 
my mom screams at my dog as if she understands what she's saying 😞 
USERNAME cause i ditched you last week 😔 i'd say tomorrow but i'm getting my dodgeball & broomball on . please say you are playing broomball ? 
just over a month left but struggling while struggling to get through these classes . :( 
still kant believe my puppy died :'( #rip deena #murp 
#insixthgrade i was you stero typical fat chunky short native :'( 
dude me too ! ! and i'm at the library 😣 
left my polar pop in the closet . :( #sadwhitebabynoise 
USERNAME where can i hear the snippets of your new album ? i'm on itunes and nothing comes up . 😢 
USERNAME i love it too~ but why uri squirrel cry like that :'( what's ur theory on the mv plot ! ! 
USERNAME :( i feel like the odd man out lol 
USERNAME yeah you’re right haha , na you got bigger hair :( 
wish she did not fall asleep so early USERNAME </3 
i wish i was in the audience when oprah does her show . 😔 #wishfulthinking 
i was at USERNAME house & i forgot to get my converse again *slaps myself* 😾 
i swear i need sleeping pills ! can't ever fall asleep right away :( #frigg  
USERNAME so ? ? ? ? it hurts :( lol 
USERNAME he got a imaginary gf now :-( , lol 
USERNAME well i had to get back to my apartment somehow ha . it was super embarassing cause there were people watching as i fell :( 
i can never sleep the night before my math test because i'm afraid i won't wake up in time for class . 😥 
#inelementaryschool i lived by USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME miss that house :'( 
crying because i can't see all my old stupid away messages on aim 😭 
saw him around el co last week ! he's out the game now 😔 
i just know i'm going to be hella tired once i awake again t.t it's cold too . 
ima be up all fuckin night . great . #fml 
blahh i hate mondays 😔 .... one thing i look fwd to is going home to her and tonight i can't 😢 thank god for facetime 💋 
USERNAME i just really wanna go out and forget everything 💔 
i have to much on my mind , to be able to go to bed right now 😔 😔 😕 😢 
waiting in this lane for black ops 2 ... 😔 
hung up again .. guess your neighbor had more tape to return :'( 
my friends think i'm moving on , but the truth is i'm not that strong #sadtweet #memories 
i'm freezing :( ( it's like the damn tundra in here 
hate this i need to get more sleeping pills ! ! #fml morning is going to suck ! ! ! 
i just want an intimate conversation right about now ... 😔 
#inmiddleschool i went to westview n had to move to spartanburg :-( 
if anyone cared to bring me some alka seltzer or something to settle my tummy i would appreciate it 😔 😣 😓 
#in7thgrade me and my best friend asked the same boy out and he chose he cause she had boobs and i didn't 😔 😔 hahaha 
#in5thgrade i was new to winborn so i didn't have a lot of friends 😔 
i'm a little depressed i ordered black ops 2 from best buy . now i can't get it until 10 tomorrow morning :( 
when i pop my back , it sounds like a xylophone :( #bigboobsproblems 
i really haven't been in the happiest mood lately 😞 . 
USERNAME low key i should ! i saw the saddest movie ever today :c it was great ! 
#in7thgrade i lived in white lake , michigan and i miss it terribly :( 
USERNAME what ? oh i meant i will be doing that a lot ! i'm not a completing lyrics whore ! 😔 
#inelementaryschool i took one of USERNAME gi joes and wouldn't give it back so he pinched me and made me bleed . 😔 
USERNAME you can do it ! i just tucked into bed . just pretend i'm there;) but now you know how i feel on the weekends :( 
ima be said when my boy leaves for basic training :( 
i can't sleep without you USERNAME this is torturre :( 
i am up wayy to late . i have to wake up in 5 hours . #fml 
USERNAME aww i miss you too :( we had the funnest times together ! so fun ... that funnest is a word . 
not sleepy . at all . an i have school at 8 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME way to point out the obvious 😔 
i don't know why i do this to myself 😔 
USERNAME pshht truu tru i . forgot ab t.t hat haha 
when people call me saywonay <<< damn , what i do now ? smh . 😔 😳 😑 
omg omg look look i got it tears of joy dear lord . 😭 😭 😭 URL 
balling my eyes out because teen mom so sad 😪 😥 😩 
#injrhigh me USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME were all bffs #thegooddays 😔 
yea uhh i'm heartbroken :( i dont want to wait til christmas ! rt USERNAME kinda sad i won't be home for thanksgiving this year 💔 🍗 
they were all out of half baked .. so i settled for chunky monkey 😔 
when USERNAME doesn't text me back it makes me sad . # :( 
one time when i lived in colorado i climbed up my stairs on the opposite side of the stairs and then got my head stuck between the poles :( 
i'm not a tear jerker but dear john is really getting us right now 😭 #lovechanningtatum 
mixed feelings about leaving tomorrow , i hate leaving my family but love going home . :( had an amazing time out here though ! 
oh an USERNAME fyi i hate yalls fucking toaster it scared the shit out of me ! :( i almost cried & joe died laughing -_- lol 
i'm so stupid . :( #wounds #bloodymess #accident #hurting @ city of west hollywood URL 
USERNAME i feel old -.- i don't know what that means :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm going home next monday :( ((( come tonight 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah i have to film a football game in socorro at 7 :( 
USERNAME i'm doing it next year , to bad you won't be there :( 
times like these i wish my sister still lived at home 😥 
ugh 3 weeks is way too long ! ! i miss him ! 😣 
my teeth are hurting in the back ! 😖 😢 😣 
#inmiddleschool i was always bullied & called names . didn't have/hard time making friends . 😔 
USERNAME i miss you ! 😭 💔 stop living so far away 😡 
USERNAME haha i have 3 1/2 years to work on it , but until then i'll just be forever alone and adopt cuddly cats . 😔 🐱 #meow 
totally forgot i have to write a documentary reflection for class tomorrow morning 😣 
USERNAME but i'm not getting any better just more stale :( 
all i can do is just look at fb and cry . :( you were so loved bolin . #incompleteshock 
😭 i wish i was at home ! it's cold enough to wear my coats over there ! #thissouthshitaintcuttingitforme 
#in7thgrade i did everything my parents said not to do 😔 
USERNAME it's been so long since we've talked i forgot it ): 
USERNAME USERNAME me too ! it's crazy how things change 😢 #depressingtweet 
USERNAME how come u still haven't takin me to #annas ? ? ? ? 😣 
it's hard to be in such distance with my best friend . :( 
oh yeah sinister was soo scary ! we are definitely having nightmares tonight . :( 
girls be breakin our hearts like they own the place ! 💔 URL 
when i have no room to put emoji's in my tweet ! #sad 😔 😪👎 
dropped my phone in water :( how long should i leave it in the rice ? 
i just want to sleep that's all #needsleep #cantsleep #fml 
even sterlington is better than calhoun ... ” all the parties are in west monroe not calhoun , gah . 😔 #nopartyhere 
USERNAME hahaha that's good , i remember kids would make fun of him 'cause he had a phobia with snakes :( 
not a tear jerker but dear john is really getting to us right now 😭 #lovechanningtatum ❤ 😘 USERNAME 
i'm so thrown off on time ... feels like its 9 o'clock right now ... 😣 
#inmiddleschool i was always bullied & called names . didn't have much/hard time making friends . 😔 
won't be talking to my boyfriend for about a month thanks to #callofduty . #girlfriendprobz 😔 
sorry about retweeting every USERNAME tweet . i jus wish i was at the #jacksmannequin goodbye show ! ! ! :( 
wish i could of gone to the candle lighting 😔 i had no ride #ripcoachcap 
USERNAME i wish i could have a redo of the day i fell in love for the first time 😢 
USERNAME if you made me cheer up when i was sad , so do you ! :c 
USERNAME onfhtsheubt i was like waitwut but same i just miss you a ton :( 
USERNAME i haven't been able to the past 3 weeks :( 
USERNAME omg yes ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i woke up the other nite with out ito guess i rubbed my nose and it came off ! had to pop it back in ouch :( 
i'm getting that sad feeling again . 😕 👎 😥 
i don't like when others hurt , it makes me cry :( 
eschushando a USERNAME alguien aue valga la peña 💔 unas de mis favoritas ! ! 
hurts every time i fill up my tank :( (@ speedway) URL 
man , i hope my mom is okay 😔 😔 😔 
when the drinks start kickin in , my filter starts to come off . 😧 
this hotel is amazing , don't feel like leaving 2mao 😞 URL 
i wish my phone was 64 gb . because 32 isn't working for me . 😔 
USERNAME ahh fuck man . i didnt know you messaged me . i was in italy at the time . we're going to a birthday party :-( 
just spent an hour trying to teach a dude matrices and help him solve his just to find out he made a mistake on the 3rd step .. 😔 #beerme 
my fuckin icee is gone and the previews aint even started #fml 
how come noone will go with me to see USERNAME tonight :( and vampire weekend and the walkmen c'mon #prettyplease 
been sick since like thursday . can't take this anymore :( these headaches are killing me ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME first causality of accepting my moms friend request is the fact she sees you like all my pictures and write on my wall 😔 
on hour 9 of 13 ... blah . :( (@ bgsu ice arena) URL 
i don't feel like tweeting right now . :( :( :( 
really hoping i get to see him tonight .. 😔 
USERNAME oh lord i wish it would get better 😣 
okay , time to save up for a car .. because i fell in love with i've that i will never have .. #sadtweet 
i miss him so bad . it ain't even funny #fml 
this 10hr shift going to kick my butt 👊only been an hr but like 3 hrs 😔 
all dressed up with no where to go 😞 anyone wanna hang ? #idloveyouforever #saturdaynights #goodday #goodmood 
USERNAME uh yeah people i didn't even know . i def threw up and got sick :( and i'm still hungover 
USERNAME wish i could be there with you guys :( 
pretending that feelings aren't there doesn't make them go away . 😔 
my stupid cousin needs to stop giving primerica my damn number ! ! ! 😣 😡 🔫🔪🔨💣🎯💀 
USERNAME understands my basketball shoe fetish for ones that glow 😔 
just more proof that #gishwhes2012 is over :-( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
USERNAME he was mad at jessica because of me .. :( 
my motorcycle stressing me out 😔 always putting money into this damn thing . 
USERNAME thats the worst , ants were covering my windows :( 
wtf is the shaniqua .. im sorry but this girl is not perfect for my husband .. i am > :( (((( 
who wants to go bowling with me tonight .. ? nobody ? ok . 😔 
lsu is playing like shit and i miss USERNAME more than ever . #nobueno 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wish i worked at ups . :( 
no shave november just pisses me off ! it's like everybody is rubbing it in 😔 
holy shit that tackle was brutal i hope he is okay ! ! ! ! ! :( omg ! !'n n 
USERNAME yes i did ! ! you better check ! 😒 💔 😭 
i really wanna watch breaking dawn part 2 :( dnt look like imma be able to see it today tho 
i hate it wen he tells me to txt him n then he doesnt answer me :( #missinghim 
USERNAME enjoy the rest 💘 still so sad it's over 😢 #forever 
USERNAME we can't have a sleepover til january ? :( 
ready to go home ! .... so i can start in my essay ! #fml #tired #school 
mine and USERNAME hands <3 i'm gonna miss these hands :( @ high ridge terrace say wahh URL 
USERNAME so true ! wish we had it here still . :( 
the skype sessions in this movie makes me want to cry 😢 
it sucks that the only smell that sticks to me from you is smoke . 😔 
i haven't been so depressed in years . i'm so done 👎 😢 💔 
i miss being able to walk four houses down to USERNAME house whenever and stay the the night , talk , do nails , hair whatever ! ! :( 
i'm gonna go kill myself now , just broke my black ops 2 disk , which i spent the last of my money on :( 
i miss you .. :( and listen to dis music makin it worse 
i wanna go watch the wake boarding competition but i don't wanna drive out there and i have nobody to go with 😔 #thestruggle 
still hurts when someone mentions your name 💙 😢 i miss you so much tio javier mi tio timmy ❤ 💙 
USERNAME you liar ! ! my fingers are frozen man :( 
i want to go on a romantic date downtown . walk around . go to the ferris or the sears (willis) tower .. have dinner . :( sigh holding hands . 
rite aid is playing christmas music . 😣 soon have to ring 🔔🔔💰🔔🔔 when i really want to just be 🏊 
went to advance financial to cash a check and they charge me 25 bucks to do so ? ? ? #bustingheads why can't the bank be open later 😔 😔 😔 
i been sleeping so much ... nap time 😔 ✌ 
USERNAME are you coming over tonight still ): i'm busy for a little but not too long 
just laughing at the words of USERNAME ! the light skinned girls always get the pass ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😢 
i wish my mom wasn't crippled so that i could actually hang out with people :( 
USERNAME why are we soo lame ): oh yeah ... i'm crippled & on bed rest ... 
had plans with everybody this weekend .... then everybody got sick :( 
i haven't talked to USERNAME in a long time :( (( 
home from work , bout to be bored as fuck 😔 
USERNAME idk . netflix seems to take forever . probably like a month after the finale . i haven't been watching it on tv at all .. 😞 
USERNAME :o i'm down for anything ! but i got no moneyy :( 
really kinda am upset that i didn't go hunting today . i've been with my day every year on opening day since i was like 8 .... :( 
my baby USERNAME not even thinking about me :( ((( 
ahh , i haven't had a meal all day . only 2 bags of chips and a water #tf #nolove #fml 
USERNAME looks like i'm going to have to drive back to oxford . i left me book 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i love being alone , but i hate being lonely . 😔 
why didn't i hear any #acc chants at the maryland game today ? :-( 
i hate when we are texting an he just randomly stop texting me lol 😔 
6:. img6998956986:;; :( ; ? /+ your built like this sentence . 
my silence is just another word for my pain </3 ... 
USERNAME oh good ! i'm sorry about your car :( 
neo: i have stopped clicking on your links now . :( 
four precal assignments to get caught up on during the break . 😔 
and amish kids ! ? no wii , toilets , tv , carpet , air jordan or stereo ? but i'm jealous they know 2 languages n have a dad that loves em :( 
my htc 1x is messing up ... can't hear incoming calls :( (@ at&t mobility) URL 
USERNAME maybe were just in a twilight zone and everyone else is still in daytime 😧 
USERNAME i'm kinda really depressed , ill bring you down . :( 
USERNAME #blogpawtypals just followed you on pinterest ... no photos on kindle so cant send any now :( 
microbiology will be the death of me 😥 @ fulton house URL 
everyones senior pics turned out great except for mine . :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME where are you watching it ? ? ? ? d: noo :( ( #sadtweet 
USERNAME that's how i'm feeling right now ): i would join you but i can't leave ): 
USERNAME USERNAME :( i wish it was making me feel better these days . 
everyone who is perfect is in portland right now :( 
USERNAME aw if i was home we could have a sleepover i'm sick too ): 
alicia lives in my house and i haven't seen her in like two days 😭 💔 😔 😞 😒 
i just don't see how you fall apart like that ... 😔 
USERNAME hey :( u was thinking of doing that ! 
i just seen a stray cat . it seriously took everything i had not to take it home with me 😥 
acting like you're texting or on the phone when you see someone you don't want to talk to . 😒 😔 
i'm done eating tacos of anyone wants to be my friend 😔 😒 
i wanna go to the park with my homie USERNAME 😔 but he left me behind .. lol 
USERNAME id say lets chill but im grounded ! :( 
i wish everyone in the world was perfect so there would be no such thing as mistakes , heartache & pain </3 
just saw him ... my heart hit the floor ! ! 💔 
USERNAME wvu is . gonna win . cause kelli and . i . are . herw to . suppor t.t hem asshole . 
USERNAME break a leg ! ! wish i could be there :( 
finally off of both my jobs . been working since 5:45 this morning . and on top of that , i have to be back up at 5 for that shit again . ): 
USERNAME that i didn't go ! :/ and now i regret everything ! 😔 💜 
USERNAME i don't think i've seen that episode ! ! 😭 😭 
i told him to make me out to be a total bitch to her to appease her . but i don't like it . 😞 
cheating and having hoes gets old . everyone should want to reach a point where they're mature enough to stay faithful & want someone real . 😔 
i really wanted to see future 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
on that same note i wish i was hiking/camping and not working right now :( 
magnolia plantation - closed down for the night . :( URL 
how am i supposed to back for 8 days with one suitcase ? ! i even tried to pack lightly . 😁 😖 😭 
just when i thought love was a lie , you showed up in my life . 😔 
USERNAME im not even out there bro ! i'm hangin in las vegas watchin it on the tv like most ! :( USERNAME USERNAME 
i hate working at night shift ! ! 🌃 😣 #soreadytogohome #someonekeepmeup 
my mom loves USERNAME more than she loves me 😔 
my bed and i have a date tonight i won't be late it'll break it's little heart ! :( 
i would tell my boyfriend , but he's mad at me right now #sadtweet 
not everyone around you is your friend . 😒 😔 
every time i look at my iphone i wanna cry 😭 #crackedbeyondbelief 
😔 never stress out on something or someone not worth if 
how am i supposed to pack for 8 days with one suitcase ? ! i even tried to pack lightly . 😁 😖 😭 
10 questions: carolina panthers tight end greg olsen: we ask 10 questions of panthers tight end greg olsen :c lick to ... URL 
USERNAME i was supposed to babysit her last night . :( 
only texts i've gotten today was from my father ..... like 10 minutes ago .... #fml #nolove 
USERNAME i know right , we gotta chill soon ! </3 
afta a restless night .. i finally got some sleep ; still cant believe javion is gone at 4yrs old :'( . - rip jayboo 
USERNAME hah nope . i felt bad for wcu :( poor things 
dear twitter , sometimes i need more than 140 characters to describe what's on my mind . 😔 😒 
i want some lafinca soo bad right now ! ! ! ! ! 😔 😔 😔 USERNAME are you working ? ? haha 
#truestory #leavemebe #eatshyt #unfortunate 😔 😤🙀🙊💩🍞 @ phoenix's never land URL 
USERNAME aww ! i walked into class yesterday and just was sad because you weren't in there 😔 😔 
my ball sack is bleeding ahh ... i smashed into the handle bars of the bike :'( 
in awe that my country boy jordan just recited every word to by kelly rowland & lil wayne . 😳 😧 hitting kelly's high notes perfectly . 😦 
USERNAME ugh i know i would be doin it right now :( but i got rescheduled lol 
USERNAME me either i just texted her before you tweeted me ! ): hopefully we still are ! 
a little mayday while eating my cake and driving up the mountain never hurt anyone #jokes #slumminit #depressing #meep 
the one thing i thought would make me feel better , made me feel worse than before 😒 😢 😡 
i should've just gone out to ny with my fam . 😔 ugh . 
USERNAME pick me . i wanna do something :( zachs holding me hostage and being boring ... help ! ! 
scab is coming off , brand came out bad :'( .... redo #fuckedup #redo #doughnut #depresse @ fontana soccer l URL 
sometimes i just wanna say this .... 💔 😕 @ [[ in thee rain ]] URL 
USERNAME however , it does not work on the ps3 ... it glitches out . it's really rather sad . :( 
i was driving on the wrong side of the road on accident and almost killed me jaylynn and ashley :( 
USERNAME i miss you too ! i'm having separation anxiety :-( 
😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 my mouth wont stop bleeding and my asshole parents left me here to suffer in pain with no medicine while they shot at the mall 
USERNAME next saturday or today ? your confusing me :c 
wish i was going bowling tonight with our group :( 
birthday weekend shall be spent at work :( #wah #fuck #whatever URL 
USERNAME miss u more ! ! ! wish i wasn't sick all weekend or else i would have made sure i saw you ): this week ? ! ? 
i've missed this babe the most :( "naughty [ ] nice[], we need to talk [x] - mom making her wear a doggy shirt #smh URL 
i wish i wasn't so shy maybe then i wouldn't be afraid to tell you how i really feel :( 
USERNAME i would if we were looking but were not , i work st a card store and they only need to four of us there , sorry ): 
just ganna eat pizza watch movies and call it a night 😞 👌👍 
my head feels like its about to explode . 😥 😢 
something tells me this conversation is going to end on a bad term 😔 👎 
i miss seeing your name on my phone . 😔 
USERNAME what are you going for ? i was supposed to be in chile this semester :( 
nothing to do on a saturday night<< hate it 😠 😒 😔 💔 👊 #boringg 
the story my mom just told me about her ! ! :'( 
USERNAME i’m not sure i can survive this game . why is it even this close ? i can’t believe what i’m seeing :( 
looks like i lost hunter for awhile ... 😔 URL 
who the fuck works thanksgiving ? oh yea .. me 😔 
oh , and i'm about to start playing wow again . so goodbye precious 12 hour a night sleep 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME how reliable is this source ? there's no starbucks close by so i only have it like once a month 😔 
USERNAME sorry my love 😢 i can't wait to see you though .. love you ! ❤ 
nau v . cal poly . last game for me as a lumberjack 😢 . @ nau walkup skydome URL 
USERNAME USERNAME it means i wanna go to georgia :( 
USERNAME i know that's how i was . i kep t.t elling myself no . haha . can't wait to go back . 
USERNAME yo quiero saber donde estas metida hija de dios tirame por whatsapp 😔 
i started crying tears of joy when shekinah was singing at church ... that's how much i missed my sisster :( 
screw you traffic . we're never going to make it back to the ville :( 
oh yay work in a half our i guess i should get ready now 😔 🔫 
tried burgers from man v . food ... the food won :( someone pls drag us back to the hotel now lol URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i checked mine before i left :( the only way i get it today is if ups delivers it 
my grandpa just needs to walk already so he can come home 😔 
so i'm just gonna sit at home and watch movies all alone tonight 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME is it 8:55 yet . ! ? ? lol 😞 
a thousand years pt .2- christina perri . this stupid song from breaking dawn makes me cry , it's so beautiful . </3 
USERNAME has nothing to tweet because hes not high . what is logic </3 
USERNAME i have that too ! ! and wahoo but i'm so bad 😭 i haven't played sense two seasons ago 
USERNAME omg ! 😲 😔 that would literally suck ! ! ! i mean i'm stuck in old lapwai ! wishing i could see my 
babe , go to work for me . i dont wanna ): what are you doinn ? 
USERNAME ohh :( i have ice and a wrap of you need it ! 
i burned the fuck out of my fingers :( (((( sad day 
USERNAME and it's hard because no one knows how much i love him ! 💜 or cares about that ! :( 
home alone everyone left to go have fun and i decided to stay home bored hoping you will come and see me </3 
the feeling i get everytime i see his name 😔 <<<<< 
miss my dad so much & he doesn't even know it 💔 #homesick URL 
USERNAME didn't you get like that yesterday ? ! 😔 
i'm getting some damn raspberry zingers after work before there's no more 😭 
who wants to get their nails did with me this week ? no one ? ok ... ): 
these swag fags were whistling at me :( eww no . 
i haven't even reached 300 #followers yet :( #fb #ifollowback #mustfollow 
:( probably no matter what i say , it won't help . 
why must we die four days before my birthday :'( 
i am beyond tired . i need a fucken nap , but i'm still at work :( 
USERNAME USERNAME does too make a difference . 😭 hahaha . gunn .... okay i won't . 
USERNAME i'm an old grandpa :( my kids got kids .__. 
my feet hurt so damn bad from . standing all damn day i was pissed we was busy non stop .. #fml but its kool cuz im off for the next two days . 
anyone wanna lend me three hundred bucks ? k thanks . #fines #fml 
USERNAME who will be my soup buddy now ? 😢 
i feel hella bad for saying that :( USERNAME #sowwy 
USERNAME oh , :( i got all excited ! ! ! come to a ku basketball game this season ! ! ! ! please ! 
USERNAME 😭 ill be on the news tonight dead in a hole . 
USERNAME tragic :( i was gonna see if you could save tommy and i a good spot to stand if you weren't gonna be in the pit 
USERNAME i feel the same damn way ! 😣 😖 #hateit 
omgg i'm so bored . i need something to doo 😔 
USERNAME awe me and rachel are silver when we come back 😭 
oh . my . god . URL shu t.t he . eff . up . already . 
i cannot lie , i'm kinda going to miss washing that stinky bc football uniform for the last time 😢 USERNAME 
USERNAME me dio mucha pena no asistir :( todo x #sandy 
tummy ache to the max and i'm here for another five hours :( 
i wish i taken more math in high school , but when algebra 2 introduced trigonometry (which i can't spell w/o help), i really got lost . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i wish . :( he's sleeping with cinco . 
i've been here for longer than an hour and only made $3. 😢 
USERNAME yeah i thought i remembered y'all moving ... why'd y'all move ? :( 
USERNAME needs to come back homee 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😫😫😩😩 😖 😖 
the covenant don't speak english anymore ? ! #halo4 :( 
if only there were rain ! ! :( today would be perfect 😊 #raindrops #lluvia #highaf #wonderfulness hehehe 
ipod touch 5th generation , 32' tv , or james avery jewelry for christmas ? 😳 #iwantitall 😔 
USERNAME just life is crazy here i got to leave last time i went to bahamas . but this time i want to go away with someone i love :'( 
shit ! sorry , hun . i wish i could . my son has my ipod . i'm on an android phone right now . so i cant see it either . :-( sorry , kitten 
USERNAME yay ! ! i think me , u and USERNAME should go there for dinner one night ! especially since someone is leaving the country soon :( 
i need to have plans :c so boorreedd why don't i have friends 
USERNAME had lots of fun ! even if jill is scared of me :( 
USERNAME USERNAME to think its only been a day ! 😔 
i'm so mad i'm shaking and crying in fetal position under the covers . someone come hug me :( #needafriend 
dudagi soguktan catlayip isirip aciyinca isirdigini anlayip sisiren kac canliyiz dunyada acaba > :( 
USERNAME yeah ... i heard . 49-22 was the ending score 😞 
looking like another saturday night home alone . sad part: thought i made plans ... haven't heard from person though . :-( 
i wish i had as much money as i have tweets 😔 
unless usc wins by 10 or more ima have short hair when i go back to school :( 
no george ! ! ! :( i'm bawling . #greysanatomy 
#breakingdawnpt2 was amazing ! ! ! such an great way to end the saga ! ! didn't think i would be sad it was ending , but i am ! :( 
no deer today :-( had to go in from the hunting cabin to get a beer and watch the rest of the badger game URL 
hxbsdhjsdiwgrfux :( rt USERNAME member when you use to sub me tryna be my twitter wife and i never caught one ? ? ? ? ? lol ! 
i'm about to be lonely as hell until tuesday :( 
USERNAME yeah well , i miss hailey and izzy . :( 
i don't wanna live in my basement anymore . it's so freaking cold . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i wanna talk to USERNAME but she is taken forever to text back :( 
USERNAME yeah i only went for the night :( i was sad i didn't get to see you ! ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i guess i'm left out of this one 😔 
i'm so happy to have my cooper back for a little while ! ! even though its only until wednesday :( 
😟 😟 😟 😦 “USERNAME you can get smacked in street fighter too if u really want it ! ! ! i brought my pad wit me boii URL 
me: *tears came to my eyes* you ! me ? i remember everything like it was yesterday , i wish she could come back :( 
USERNAME sara gallo , USERNAME and live with jennifer lopez , david guetta at unknown venue (january 1, 2013 ): new ... URL 
USERNAME i'm so sorry we screwed up and didn't wake up until right before we had to leave :( better see you soon 
so ... there's this one guy , handsome & all .... he's married tho :( boo lol 
i'm just so disappointed and hurt :( thank god for my snuggle bug hercules #dogsaregreat 
y do i bend over backwards for mike when he doesn't for me > :( i need to get a life 
“USERNAME philadelphia eagles announce michael vick is out for sunday's game against the washington redskins URL 😔 😒 😞 
it's really awkward that i always cry at weddings . 😥 👰💍💒 
no i shouldn't be letting that get to me .. but it does 😣 
USERNAME lol u can follow me back now lol 😢 
USERNAME str8 forgot abt my bday ... 💔 😫 😳 😨 😣 
see previous tweet .. books nobody around here has in stock . #ugh amazon 1 day shipping here we come ! #sadtweet 
bout take aye nap ' bbl ! i guess 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME quit blowing my phone up while i'm at work , you making me extremely jealous ! 😔 😒 
i feel like the biggest scum bag in the entire world 😔 
it's kinda hard to forget about you when i see you all the time 😔 
yeap , gas is quite cheap in texas (€0.61/lt ): URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i am so sorry for your loss . please know that i am praying for you all . :( 
can't believe i missed USERNAME 's phone call :( #sadgirl 
i donated my old mc hammer pants today , it was time to let go . ! :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME our hss are playing eachother tonight ! ! made me think of y'all ... come back to my life😩 💔 
i hate being cooped up inside . i just wanna be outdoors 😢 🌳🍃🌻 
why can't skins be on mtv anymore , used to be my favorite show ): 
awh something is wrong with the dude working the door . 😔 he's so sweet though 
i really can't breathe .... this is no bueno :( #badnightalready 
so many distractions today . this paper isn't going to write itself though 😔 
i look really cute tonight with nothing to do :( 
USERNAME oh 😳 , well i would get you some buut its not my money lmaoo 😔 
i wanna leave work already , i feel like i've been here for 5 hours already and it's only 6:23 :( 
USERNAME ahh that's so sad :( we never have chill time 
my phone is back on , i'm over here crying tears of joy . i missed my baby so much :( 
i can't believe i just posted that on tumblr 😔 
hmm who could we get to take up ? :c 
i wonder . is it gonna rain today in l . a . ? :( 
coming home from usa dont wanna come home ! ! ! 3 wines before boarding :( URL 
so are all the 5th year seniors gonna disappear from campus after break now 😧 
my aunt cussed me out cause i was being mean to him :'( . 
wishing i could teleport to santa cruz right meow 😿 
why can't i see stars come to toronto :( they kick ass 
really sad #hostess went out of business , our sweet bread man lost his job :( 
damnn wish the bus had an outlet so i could charge my phone :( (( 
USERNAME i know , i never saw it till netflix :( 
USERNAME omg its the truth . she left me hanging :( 
great walk but ignoring the pain in the should and knee is not working and i am in pain ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME u should have came over w john last night ! but yeah we have to go back to school sunday :( but we'll have 3 weeks for winter 
USERNAME oh my god i know ! ! 😔 👎 
how the hell did i manage to lose all three of my winter jackets ? #fml 😒 
i really , really need to take more class . 😔 
i feel like my babies so close to his welo cuz his dads not in his life , but i get jealous when he rather go with him than stay with me . :( 
can't never go out on the weeken :( i always work 
USERNAME and your the little sister i've always wanted ! ! miss you so much ! ! 😢 
i can't even deal ... last night with my baby 💔 💔 💔 
depressing saturday night home alone :( #nofriends #noboyfriend (cause its hunting season :/ ) 
i am so ridiculously hungry but i can't eat before a match :( :( :( :( 
oh jeez doesn't look like we're going to win ! matthew is out :'( but not losing faith . freaking #70 missed his block ! #be7ieve 
can i stand behind this wall and play on the ipad until close ? 😞 
i must went through a 4 way stop and like 3 extra people took my turn :( 
USERNAME i know i have been upset all day and it's just making it worse 😥 
nightmare ! there is a baby next to me and another one behind me ! #fml 
the thoughts of a suicidal person :c , why do people have to be mean to people , and make them feel like there not worth anything . 
things can go terribly wrong in the fucken blink of an eye 😔 👎 
don't you hate it when someone you care about jus starts bein a dick/bitch to you ? 😔 
i'm about to cry , this was ... wow , just wow . 😞 
i showed ember a picture of my cat and she started crying ! 😥 #sorryember #ifeelbadnow 
USERNAME man i will fashoo , i never see you anymore :( 
USERNAME do you wish you were in nyc too ? #sadday #idahoutahsucks #betchh 
i've now lost my only sports team that is good . #sadday 
i wish i had a ton of sisters to be close with 😔 👯 
my mom is having a party & won't let me have a beer :( 
i think nibs is sick; he's been sneezy , vocal , and lethargic all day :( #worriedmom 
i miss my nana 😥 to the moon and back 🌛⭐ 
i'm such a horrible decision maker :( #libra #fml #study grind . 
looks like i won't be coming now USERNAME :-( we'll have to do some shots next time . 
watching USERNAME videos literally make me laugh so hard , i cry 😭 
my haters gon die w/ my ____ in their mouths ! ! you can't even enjoy your life cus your too busy stalking mine ! ! ! :( 
i should just get used to the fact i will be sitting home every weekend by myself eating & watching movies . 😔 
i seriously want to slap you .... your posts are repulsive > :( 
USERNAME aww 😔 well unlike you ima go buy me a sweet big fat big mac . 
my mom doesn't find snapchat as humorous as i do :( #loser 
this feels so weird being here now ... #missmygranddad #loveandmisshim 😔 
USERNAME ughh baby ! i know that feelin . the fuckin plane always gets in miami b4 leaving for bogota on american airlines too 😞 
i hope my babe feels better . i wish i was with him . ): 
USERNAME you did and i followed you back . there isn't an app for android yet :( 
USERNAME dude i woke up farting and your dad was in the kitchen making coffee :( 
i miss when i wasn't just your back up plan 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME yes she does . but she's shopping and don't know when i'll be home :( 
USERNAME i'm just not feeling good but have to go to the gym .. cardio is not going to b fun 😣 
i need a partner to go on a whole foods field trip with ... :( 
wish i was with him right now :( tomorrow couldn't be here fast enough ! ! ! ! #missinghim 
i came to the library at 1030 this morning and i am still here . it is dark out :( ... #timeflies 
so much for coming to see me today #fuckyou #pissed :( #whycantyouseeilikeyou ? #notthathard 
USERNAME i would bring you willy wonka's chocolate factory , if you come over and spend the night . ): 
my ex- best friend and are breaking up </3 URL 
no one in my family got a deer today :( #comeonguys #iwantvenison 
waiting to fly back home :-( how is the weather in ottawa ? ? ? ? 
i threw out my gloves yersterday by accident , now i have no gloves therefore my hands are cold❄ 😧 
USERNAME i know 😢 he said itd be our same team 
the playbook: jets (3-6) at rams (3-5-1 ): the bad-mouthing of tim tebow by anonymous teammates is symptomatic of a ... URL 
trojan bandwagon face: 😭 😭 😪😪 😭 😭 😪😪 😭 😭 😪😪😩😫😩😫😩 
just so everyone knows i am not coming home for thanksgiving . 😿 i won't be in colorado till december i love you all and i miss you guys ! 
welp ... looks like i'm making cookies over christmas break . #fml #thankssc 
went to two grocery stores and three gas stations today to look for twinkies ... didn't find a single one :( #riptwinkies 
i'm not going home till monday when i get off work :( 
of course no one on the wendys staff right now smokes and i have no lighter #fml 
USERNAME rt'ed me ! then i gained all these followers lol but not him :'( follow back ! 
this white dude said he had 2 pet fox at home ..... not one , but two . the fuck ? ! then he drove from louisiana to indiana to get em ... 😾 😕 
i'm not even in the mood to go out anymore 😔 
USERNAME i would have closed with you last night if you didn't give your shift away 😭 😭 😭 #okay #hangoutsoon #okay 
i can't wait for USERNAME to get home ! ! ! #missher 😢 
this book is making me emotional because i know what happens at the end and they go through so much oh my 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME idk :'( i just dnt feel good , i feel horrible 
i want to go out tonight but work got me tired af 😔 
USERNAME i just dont like seeing you upset babe :( 
argghh ! ! i hate them shorts girls wear it's the ones that are real short but look like they cover there stomach .. 😣 
USERNAME sorry :( i don't know how that happened ! 
USERNAME what they heck ? ! ? im there all day everyday and dont even get that 😳 😔 
when you feel like shit and your boys calls you in . #fml 
on the field for the last time this season ! 😢 @ sun devil stadium URL 
whatadeal ! buy a ham , get a free turkey ! (until i read receipt: price-matched the pig's sale .39 c/lb . so i got $28 ham to get free $4 bird 😣 
USERNAME im finally out ! and now theres nothing to eat at home :( 
american hotels are great: they have gym/pool/internet all inclusive . but they don't have pianos . i miss my piano and can't find any here :( 
USERNAME i see how much i mean to you 😭 😫 💔 👎💀👺 
someone should come up to forever 21 & visit me ... i am so bored 😳 😔 
USERNAME i went to huckleberrys and you weren't there :( 
ughh don't want to get up . 👎 😔 💤💤💤💤💤 
barnes n nobles at foxrun don't have the trains anymore . we are coming home little sad :-( 
not doing anything on a saturday night <<< 😒 😔 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah yeah yeah 😔 i'll give it to you guys this time ! lol 
youre so pretty omg fuck you 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
nothing to good today , i feel like i'm getting a cold no good :( 
my mom is making me go to a stupid quincenera 😣 i'm 20 yrs old dammit 
USERNAME nope . laying dead in the creek out at westbrook :( 
i've always wanted you to realize how much you mean to me . 😔 
USERNAME so your not gonna follow me ? ! -.- :( 
mom still doesnt answer the fucking phone -___- shes fucking ignoring me :( 
USERNAME i wishh :( i miss you so much ! ! i'm at work ! 
i hate it when my socks get wet ! 😔 😫💧💦 
USERNAME but you never notice me or follow me :( :( 
if iwant to get retweeted my tweets cant be protected ? #sadtweet 
sometimes it's the little things that have biggest impact on our lives . 😔 😏 
damn ... plex just ate part of a picture of my poppy ! :'( #thisisaproblem 
so much for going out my freaken knee is killing me ! ! :'( 
now you have three brains ! rt: "USERNAME the brains gave me a brain freeze :( USERNAME 
USERNAME :( i'm coming in when you're leaving i was gonna say we need to shop before 630 but that's not happening hahaha 
USERNAME it is sad :( represents everything that is wrong with today's society x 
USERNAME USERNAME lmao me too . it's always poppin . but i can still twerk sum'n lol and idk yet ! i might have to work . :-( 
USERNAME yay ! hollister ! i've heard they give terrible hours though 😔 
i love how USERNAME tweets and retweets everyone yet she won't retweet me .... #depressed #numberonefan 
i don't feel good and i wanna cry i can't deal with 3 more hours :( 
rest in peace jake . forever in our hearts ... </3 
don't let one person ruin your day , it's not worth it . 😔 
just made an attempt to eat a ten ounce burger and failed miserably 😞 🍔 
i been home alone all day & noone came & visited me 😔 😢 
i sure did go get me a couple of boxes hostess . yes i did . i'm going to miss those scrumptious treats . :( 
USERNAME this is so hard . you will never follow me :( 
USERNAME sara gallo , USERNAME and live with jennifer lopez , david guetta at unknown venue (january 1, 2013 ): new york ... URL 
USERNAME what you gonna but me ? ? ? ? ? ? 😧 lol 
USERNAME red baraat at the bowery ballroom (february 1, 2013 ): new york , ny , us URL 
USERNAME aww :( i'm sorry ! it's not to long of a walk ! 
all over again this shit is the worst feeling ever why again 😔 😣 😖 👎🔪 💔 🔫 
goin to get daddio from the hospital 😢 #rearended #poordaddy #pleaselethimbeokay #daddysgirl 🚑🏥 💔 
i miss being able to go see a movie every weekend . 😔 #collegeproblems 
good thing i didn't get day glow tickets . no way would i have been up for it .... #depressed 
hate having a soar throat . most annoying pain in the world 😔 😒 😞 
really wish i could use a different avi , mais i have no other picture of me without my long hair 😔 
diamonds by rihanna is stuck in my head .. :'( 
USERNAME will never see me :( i try so hard for you to follow me or tweet me ! please just notice me liam ! it hurts 😭 😢 
USERNAME pucha :c . yo iré como en dic . 
yet another flood , causing us to close 😞 not sandy , but a forgetful neighbor upsta @ continuum , a bicycle shop URL 
i wanna like cry now that the twilight saga is over . it was soo good 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
my car hates me ... i dont understand why though i am so nice to it :( 
USERNAME ; i qanted to be w . you :( 
over east widdit ! ! ! ! i'd b lying if i said i don't miss my old 'hood . 😔 
its official i'm going to die alone with a bunch of cats ! :( #unattractive #catlady #dyingalone 
😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 USERNAME we miss u 😥 😥 😥 😥 ! @ hibachi japanese steak house URL 
USERNAME that's the reason gamestop were not having a midnight launch :( 
what up ? haven't seen ya in a while . :[ 
hella nervous l and i'm rushing ! ! ! ! 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME i did ! it was a 5 page message ! :( mah ill resend it ! 
i had to work a 10 hour shift today because 6 people didnt come in for their shifts :( 
i just want you , no one else . 😔 
when i have money saved its hard for me to spend it on one big thing 😔 
i don't think i've ever left work so fast in my life 😔 
i called dominique like 8 times on thursdays and it went strait to voicemail every time smfh she must not wanna talk too me :( 
USERNAME miles not myles lmbo .. .. and aww ! only thing missing was me ! :( #wahh 
somebody rt this to they followers so somebody can follow me cause i don't like having 666 followers :( 
USERNAME i know :( i can't help it ! ! 
USERNAME this one hurts but not as bad as '06 loss 😥 usc still better than ucla ! ! #trojanpride #trojanfamily 
i think i left my computer charger at school . i really need it . badly . :( 
USERNAME nahh you love me ❤ , you're just mad at the fact im eating a big mac and i rubbed it in your face 😔 
last game of the day is looking like a blowout :( (@ capistrano valley high school) URL 
i always get sick when we have a break from school . 😞 
i want a #twinkie i didn't want them when i could have them , but now i do . i can't believe my daughter will never taste one :( 
USERNAME i'm so sad :( i havent gotten the take me home album . :( 
i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you ... oh . yeah , you don't know who i am anymore . 😥 😨 😰 #lonely 
"USERNAME the ucla dorms let usc know how they really feel (pic ): URL --- fuck lane kiffin , too . 
USERNAME you will never notice me ! it's bad enough i don't get to get tickets for your concert .... this day keeps getting worse 💔 😢 😭 
i always wake up horny , it never fails . 😏 😔 😒 
she don't even wanna play pong with me . :( 
USERNAME i miss you . :( i need my bff . ps: i hate boys ! 
USERNAME lmfao ! yess , i should have known you were talking about hays . #duhkali #dangit i wanted to see you guys 😔 
miss my friends :( come home ! ! or stop playing sports ! ! #lonelytweet 
i'm tired of being on the back burner . i'm putting myself first , call me what you'd like . from this moment on its me , myself , and i ! 😕 😞 
worse 5 hours of my life 👎 😰 😰 💔 🏥🚑 #er 
USERNAME and neither will end with us laying in bed drinking wine 😢 
USERNAME i love you liam why won't you follow me :( 
fuck you , pizza hut . i don't like you anyway . :( (@ the ginther complex) URL 
mmaann i miss you 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 #sadtweet 
USERNAME liam ! ! ! you always answer the same person twice ! it's not fair ! give other people a chance :( 
i think there's something wrong with my stomach ! :( 
i feel like i hardly get to talk to you :( ( #sadtweet 
USERNAME liam didnt pre-sale get tickets for august 10th next year ! i'm sorry i have failed you ! :( forgive me ? anything exciting ? 
USERNAME liaam ? why won't you follow me , do you not love me :( ? 
here come the sad part when jada pinkett brother get killed :( 
USERNAME no kidding . i'm so over school . 😒 😞 
damn stephanie hasn't picked up her phone for the past 2 days :( 
everytime i dont go to the gym for a week , ppl say really i just eat&loose all my muscle :( 
USERNAME soo so so your not going to answer my questions ? :( 
what ? about to go to the city ! haha i wish 😔 
USERNAME oh snap :( well enjoy either way ! also you should come to the barcraft at the end of the month~ 
6:40 & i am still at work ! ! ! :( #nogood #sotired i wanna go home ....... @ work :( URL 
USERNAME u spelt my name wrong :( but im prolly getting ready for this party . wbuu 
forgot my dinner at home and i'm starving on my break currently . worst ever . also i miss my pup :( 
definitely didn't wanna do that but i had to put a & i'm sure it will place an even bigger damper on things :-( 
sex , weed , and music are the three biggest stress relievers . 😏 😔 
aww USERNAME & USERNAME i just saw matthew with your dad and he looked legit miserable aww i feel so bad for the lil guy 😢 
i need to be more meaner :( i've been crying too much this whole daay i just want to go home ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME isnt she going ;o ? lol but oh okay :c 
really sad i wont be at USERNAME party tonight 😔 but girl have the time of your life , dont get to crazy 😊 😉 ❤ 
USERNAME i tried to she didn't text me back :( 
i hate when i get a follow when i'm tweeting them because i panic then see it's not them :( 
i'm going going back to back to cali cali .. finally . haha sad my vacay is over 😔 
USERNAME my huz sad , he is a usc alumnus . :( 
USERNAME i miss laying on your lap while you pluck my eyebrows 😢 
in really upset i' have no date to the movies 😞 😞 
youre kinda on my mind today ... #alot #sorry #guilty 😔 
USERNAME 😥 😥 😥 she's taking forever i need to be rescued asap naow 911 emergency 🚨🚨🚨 
have so much laundry to do yet no time to do it :( 
i've been in chicago officially a whole week now (7days) & i still haven't spent time wit my 6 year bae 😣 
when you know its not ttyl , its ttyn . #igetit #sadtweet 
be happy . be confident . be kind . 😏 😔 
USERNAME i really want to but i have so much work to do :( (( want me to sing you soft kitty ? ? lol 
i think liam logged off :( :( :( :( (((((( 
USERNAME could you check the schedule and tell me what time i get in tomorrow ? i cant find my schedule here ): 
i just hope it doesn't ........... but i'm feelin' like it will eventually ........ :-( 
oh shit i burnt like 2 holes in my grandmas couch lol noo ): 
you never know what you had until it's too late . 😔 
i hate to admit , but someone has to say it :( URL 
that moment when your trying so hard to hold back tears . and you can't .. :'( 
gounna get ready . even tho i might not do anything :c lol 
USERNAME i knoww ! ! ! i miss you too baby ! ! 😢 💔 
USERNAME yeah 12 hours shift ! :( i work at the hospital . 
pandora mode to realese my 😒 😔 😞 😣 😩 😭 😭 😭 😖 😖 🔫🔫🚬🚬 
i'm still not sure if i should go black friday mobbin'. i have work the same morning :( 
i work in less than an hour & i still havent managed to get out of bed . #dontwanttowork :( 
oh my god .... matthew mcconaughey .... what the fuck ! he looks scary now . i'm so sad . 😔 
why do you have to be an hour and 30 minutes away ? ? :( 
today has just been a sad thinking day . i'm probley just gonna sleep it away . :'( 
i know who is against me ... and i see who is with me ... thank u🎧 😔 
i dont fall for guys ... but its a little too late to stop myself . i just hope your different . 😔 
USERNAME oh poo :( but okie better see you then ! 
USERNAME nothing bored out if my mind :( and u ? ? 
tonight is the night i realize exactly how much long distance sucks :( finally in the same state , but still three hours apart . :( 
this loss hurt more than any loss in a long time 💔 
USERNAME you didn't hit me up 🙀 😢 😢 😢 😢 
soo meijers has everything christmas out except for the fricken red & green yummy christmas cookies with sprinkles on them .. #pissed #ugh :( 
it's so sad seeing old people getting in car accidents :( 
USERNAME the pic is blurry and we can't see the options :( hahaha but we're going to go with a ..... salad hahaha what u in mood for ? 
USERNAME i don't even know anymore 😔 i think 5'11 ? 
i hate to admit , but someone has to say this is how i feel USERNAME :( URL 
i have no friends ... nobody texts me . 😢 #textme #loner 
USERNAME mark mallman with bloodnstuff and umami at 7th street entry (december 31, 2012 ): minneapolis , mn , us URL 
the only thing that sucks about picking 14s in not being with USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME 😔 💔 
i hate to gain weight , feel like a cow #vacationcon 😥 
i just lost the cheese for my easy mac 😔 
just got the worse news ever ... not coming home ! 😳 😥 😫😫 
USERNAME omg no 😭 all the babies are growing up . i thought he would be in 5th 
when your girlfriend doesnt text you back ! ! ): <<<<<<<<< 
eating these honeybuns :( just because they are here :( baking that cake is out of the picture now :/ 
i wish i had a big juicy cheesy meaty hamburger right now ! :c 
USERNAME thats kinda messed up :( its not my fault i was scheduled to work . 
i miss my bubby USERNAME he never comes to see his big sis anymore 😿 
anniversary of my uncles murder . i can't believe it's been this long . 😢 still miss you uncle jimmie 
USERNAME ive been patient for almost a year already :( 
i can't believe USERNAME is going away for my birthday 💔 💔 💔 💔 
rt USERNAME chief keef - they know (1st verse leak ): URL via USERNAME USERNAME wht up foolie 
let me know how #battlegrounds was :( even tho it's going to smell like nasty ass n pussy 
USERNAME USERNAME i would but i don't feel to good and i'm exhausted :( 
getting to see USERNAME is the only thing that has made tonight not completely suck . i need to be off work and cuddling with him . 😞 
so tempted to go in urban outfitters but i'm not looking that great 😔 
i wanna go to the awards . but i dont have a canned good . :( 
my dad has left me stranded in the mountains 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME 😢 😥 😰 😭 miss you guys ! eat all the food ! 
sweet mother of jesus my knee is killing me 😢 
USERNAME you follow around 3/4 of the directioners in my followings ... i feel left out ): 
USERNAME you know we are going to be separated for a week ... 😳 😢 #imgonnadie 
USERNAME when is everyone going ! i get out at six :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know ! i miss my bebe 😢 
wish i could be at the mizzou game with my daddy :( 
USERNAME hahahaha he's awesome , and has a girlfriend . sorry :( 
USERNAME wish u was cuddlin w me and m right now gettin ready to go out 😊 😔 
foh ! i can't believe that ! keeping joito in my prayers ! ! ! ! ! :( 
his last home game :( #lovehim #boyfriend #bama #bamafootball #rolltide @ bryant-denny stadium URL 
USERNAME ahh eu to querendo ir tb ! mas em los angeles nao tem tudo isso nao :( vai ter taylor , jonas , justin bieber , florida .. 
USERNAME aww :( i know people keep saying it was so good and im here like ”i havent seen it” :( 
taking our starters out makes a big difference on the score board , and we look bad . :( 
USERNAME i would be okay with everything but the furry part . furries .... what the fuck . > :( 
what happened to the good old days when i could dance roll my dice .. now it just looks like i skeeting everywhere on the dance floor .. #fml 
hw on saturday afternoon , what ? ? ? ! ! ! :( (@ casita) [pic]: URL 
just saw breaking dawn :( not best movie theyve made 
who wants to come over and watch episodes of with me ? oh wait ... i forgot i don't have any friends in dallas . 😔 
i used to be so on top of twilight and so in love and now i'm all behind with only seeing the first and second :( so sad 
i can't even do a level 6 pass . no ! 😭 
USERNAME ive entered abt 10 contests 2 win a go1den ticket but ive had no luck :( tell nialler to run some of that irish luck on me ! 
USERNAME i know but you are even going away the weekend after 😭 😭 ! me you and USERNAME have to do a dinner then this week ! 
im starving , no idea what to eat though :( 
USERNAME seriously i need to measure . i feel like i'm almost there 😔 
i haven't been to church in so long .. i broke out i'm tears it made me miss my grandma soo much . 😔 
omg my phone was on vibrate and i missed babes call :'( 
USERNAME i know because our last movie date wasn't depressing enough 😔 
USERNAME my boo , i miss youu . ! ! ! :( 
unions just ruined everyone's life ! ! they're will no longer be twinkies ! ! ! ! #sadday #thisblows 
USERNAME USERNAME why am i not in this ? 😥 
i'm going stir crazy .. somebody come roll me off this couch 😞 
i just spent 400$ in buckle . #shopaholic 😳 😔 
i wish i had someone to go to ruby tuesday with :/ 😔 
USERNAME i swear ive been in that store so many times and have never seen you :( 
reunited ! ! ! ! now if only USERNAME marisa_g ev_genell would come home :( @ windy hill farms URL 
USERNAME just until monday morning . i'm pulling training days on base :( 
USERNAME i hear ya . she got more upset about no more twinkies than the rest of us did . :( 
i not going to be able to get take me home ... )': one of the boys has to tweet me and my mom will get it for me ... ): 
i hate when madden leaves me alone in our mini apartment 😔 #comeback 
wishing i had a guy to spend tonight with . 😔 
wish me and USERNAME was closer so we could go to hartford together but .... 😔 
whyy am i not at camp randall right now ? ! ? 😞 #gobadgers 
worst day in awhile gonna go get belligerent and try to forget today even happened #fml 
sitting here and wondering on if other people have these days of just feeling alone . i am thinking that today is my day . :( 
USERNAME ha ! tonight won't be it . USERNAME is feeling under the weather . :-( 
USERNAME lol , we do but they don't wanna let sabrina go :c 
i so hungry but i cant even fit rice in my mouth , :( 
USERNAME i can't go no more :( i get off at 1 .... what time is over 
9 o'clock , can you hurry the hell up ? i wanna go home :( 
and i want it to come from the heart .. 😔 
USERNAME and even worse , 7 or 8 are punts :( 
am i the only one who has never been to cherry berry , or bdubs ? i think i am .. 😢 
i asked for my mocha coconut frapp . and they said they don't have it anymore ? what in the world ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it was just seasonal :( 
i hate how i start to like a guy but he's either , in a relationship or is liking some chick soon to date her . nothing goes right with me :( 
USERNAME awwe poor u :( is sickness season ! ! ! ugh 
USERNAME they were sold out at hoffman and kingtowne :( i'm going to try and see it again tomorrow 
i remember after 9/11 everyone had flags outside their house every day for so long . you don't see that anymore . 😔 
didn't even get to eat boiling crab ... hungry af so i went to 24mart to get $a cup noodle and beef jerky= $1lb of boiling crab . #fml 
you know what's worse than a broken heart ? an empty star bucks frappechino :( #needmore 
USERNAME why must i live in new york ! :( 
USERNAME omg ! 😣 i was a good ass game ! ! 
i wish i could split my tvs screen to as many as i wanted . there's way to many games i wanna watch . :( #boo 
fuck i love enrique iglesias's new song so much and it breaks my heart that USERNAME doesn't ): #nojamminout #damnit #finallyfoundyou 
gosh darn i hate when it stops raining and my dad makes me go outside to do something :( #sortamad lol 
USERNAME thanks ! my mother hates it . she won't talk to me . 😔 
the fact tht i can't cuddle with my dang girl tonite cuz she hasn't figured out how to teleport yet <<< 😔 
a picture of me and my delegation with our winning salt bid ! ! ! #fml #igotoumass #neacurhproblems USERNAME URL 
gahh i just wanna see dj cobra at fluxx tonight :( 
i already miss my friends , it's going to be a long week . :'( 
when your girlfriend cancels on you </3 and then worse roli is busy :/ 
i'm really gonna miss playing soccer with the girls on storm .. :( #sadtweet 
i'm not a toy ... stop playing with me ... </3 a heart is a valuable thing .. and mine has been crushed to many times .. it's ruined .. i'm ruined .. 
it's taking forever to make this video 😣 😣 😣 
USERNAME i miss you and our best friend hugs ! 😢 
i'm really gonna miss playing soccer with the girls on storm .. :( 
have to go to a damn symphony and should be at the first basketball game :( #pissed #lame #notcool 
damn he gone 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😢 💔 
USERNAME i wish i was in your shoes baby :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm at my house :( 
seriously it's not going to be half as much fun as it was last year .... 💔 😔 
i hate seeing all these pretty girls upset over these douche bags . you all deserve and can get so much better than them . #chinup 😢 
iremember one time it bent my finger & got all swollen :( 
my music for my day ! 💔 #oneday #instagram #picstitch #igram #music #musicismylif @ canyon crest towne center URL 
USERNAME USERNAME i . can't get ahold of USERNAME :( 
USERNAME well thank u for following me ! haven't seen u in a while ! :( u been ok ? 
if you are young quit bitching about it . i want to be 16 again :( 
don't miss understand me ... cupid ... but you won't know unless u give it a try .... 😔 
at chilis with USERNAME then headed to see breaking dawn part 2 ! missing my boys tho :( #hyfr #saiddad 
USERNAME i did i am sure yours was productive since you didn't text me bud ! :-( 
USERNAME lol what kind of avatar is this tho :( ? 
worst headache :( can't finish my hw like this >_< 
USERNAME i hate those stupid , pesky flies ! :( they are very annoying ... 
USERNAME well since we aren't in the same it's probably different stuff :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ian thanks for tagging me ... 💔 
i miss having so much free time and seeing my friends 😔 #wannagobackto5thgrade 
love my marshall fam , wish i saw them more 😥 
USERNAME are you playing next weekend at grace ? i got stuck with a midshift tomorrow :-( 
USERNAME awe thanks taylor ! you're so sweet ! lol but i wish i was ! :( 
i do find it quite annoying that ohio state and penn state are at the top of the division but both can't go to a bowl game . :( :( :( 
USERNAME bekus yu didn't txt you favorite messcan today :( . 
thought i was dating cami guess not 😞 now i got to change my background ... fml 
USERNAME i don't why USERNAME didn't retain you for snowball's funeral :( 
last time i get to see teo play at notre dame 😢 #goirish 
finally done cleaning v.v i just need to shower . 
sorry i missed USERNAME 's game tonight . i had a headache :( i'll definitely catch the next one . 
things will never be same between me and junior :( 
USERNAME lol , you should have tho :( ( , i was so bored 
twinkies are one thing but i had no idea that hostess made the mini chocolate doughnuts too ! ! ! 😭 😥 
i'm really upset i didn't get dinner with my family 😢 
USERNAME your the perv ! cuz i played both sports ! now imm be self conscience about my ass now ! thanks 😔 
how me and my mom had to tell my brother that our dog died . :'( 
feel like crap been in the bed all day :'( 
whomever made winky faces , you are stupid . they are really really misleading . 😔 
USERNAME i'm trying but i gott alot on my mind 😔 😔 
USERNAME it sucks ! :( i can't do nothing about it 
im goonna be bored in the house all night :( 
that moment when you hair gets caught under your nail , and it pulls it out ): ouch ! 
USERNAME what are you doing ? wish i was off work to hang out 😥 
USERNAME that's not something you should be happy about :( lol 
i don't mind being punched in the face or being sick , but if i don't get enough sleep , i'm a total baby at work ! lol 😩😴 😞 #graveyard #zombie 
USERNAME youu ! oh my goodness , i love one direction :( #fangirl #dontevencare 
feel like im gonna drop dead #socold #sotired 😴❄ 😢 
#nolife #comesaveme #misseveryone #stuck #country #noservice #lolno . 😭 😭 stuck in corsicana @ fucking nowhere URL 
what did i do :-( my poor jacob :'( seeing him like this breaks my heart </3 ... yes i'm actually crying URL 
i have yet to see paranormal activity 4 yet . #sadtweet 
USERNAME soo wrong without me gay how dare you :( 
now i have no plans for christmas break and seriously my plans were better than seeing nyc for christmas my fav place in the world :( 
fucking romantic movies ! got me all teary eyed ! i can't get enough . 😘 😭 💞 
i was supposed to watch breaking dawn with rocio yesterday but things happen ... 😞 
USERNAME i'm going with all of the guys .. lol #fml but i'm gonna be the one making hotel reservations either today or tomorrow 
i haven't talked to my boyfriend in 3hours :( the longest we haven't talked :( lbs 
i wish i had a friend to send pics of my new clothes to :( 
i love him soo much , to bad he doesn't :c 
i still haven't seen paranormal activity 4 yet . #sadtweet 
the lock button broke on my phone today . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😡 😡 😡 😡 
it would be so much easier to get over everything and move on with my life if i wasn't always sick from the stress of it all . 😪😷 😭 
eating dinner an laying in bed until tomorrow . 😔 
USERNAME no , nobody else loves me a much as you 😔 
the truth 😘 rt USERNAME USERNAME don't cry bb :-( you're beautiful & have a big ass .. what's better than that ? ? <3 33 
haven't talk to USERNAME all day :( but i know she has a cheer competition ❤ 
sometimes you have to test someone . not because you don't trust them , but to see how much they're willing to prove they love you . 😔 
every time we drive in this area now my eyes water :( 
USERNAME USERNAME why am i so confused 😔 😔 😔 hahahaha 
USERNAME it's the least i can do since i can't be there . :( congrats to you ! ! 
USERNAME im gonna be in a movie more than likely when you land :-( 
USERNAME shoot , i wish . right when i was gonna he left :( i was hella bummed ... 
wow worst night ever .. so ready to just be home .... i guess i just cant ever do anything right 😢 😔 no matter how good my intentions are 
working a 9 1/2 hour shift is sure gonna make my feet & knees hurt . 😔 
i wish i had really pretty hair . silky , smooth , shiny . i have mufasa hair >.< -.- :c 
USERNAME i work 15 hours on black friday 😔 🔫 
been ignoring my phone all day to get this work done 😳 😔 
USERNAME no more twinkie && mt . dew nights ): 
USERNAME i'm debating on being on your team and not playing , but my mom won't let me :( 
USERNAME haha no you're not i just laughed ad then scrolled and saw brock corrected you too then i felt bad ): 
want my sister out of the hospital . now . 😩 😭 
i have feelings , i just don't ever talk about them . 😔 
USERNAME i'm with marissa and jena i'm sorry love . :c next time tho ❤ 
USERNAME merp ! i won't be there ! lol :( 
USERNAME no waay ! ! ! ! but omg i miss you more . but i'm at my aunts birthday party in jericho ): fuck ! ): 
USERNAME if i could find a way there 😔 😔 
i haven't seen mt babe for a while :( wtf ? ! ? ! ? 
i miss you . i miss you so much . nobody even knows how much i miss you , because i just miss you that much . i wish you were here . next to me . 😔 
wishing i was going to monster zumba tonight ): have fun USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME it just wasn't the same without you torie 😔 
seriously i need to be better i miss my friends :( #bored #lonerswag # need #to #be #out 
bored (always) and wyd ? i wanna go to ur house but outside is gettin colder ... :( 
it's crazy to think that i haven't seen my friends or family in a month and a half . #missthem 😔 
so in my notifications it said . i got soo excited for a second only to find out it wasn't him :( USERNAME 
it shouldn't bother me , but it does . i shouldn't care , but i do . i should hate you , but i don't . 😔 
USERNAME i finally get to go to a uk game but its a year too late to watch you play ! 👎 😧 
so sad that i can't be watching the lsu game because of work 😥 
USERNAME seko i didnt talk to you all day :( have a good night at work xoxoxo 
i don't want chef freitag to go home ! :( 
still cant find my sun glasses .. smh those were my fav :( ( 
the fact that i get to pick my best friend up from the airport on tuesday has got me soo hype . like finally , i missed her :( 
i hate getting bubbly ... my mind wonder about ... 😔 
all i do is eat , get fatter , and remain hungry , nothing i do is ever good enough , not even for my body 😞 
if someone calls me and makes my day really better i will love you forever . 😔 😐 😶 
USERNAME i hope your game went well today ! ! i miss watching you play 😔 good luck on your season ! 
all i want is to be back on the court playing . 😔 
yahaida doesn't like my kisses :( lol @ smith middle school URL 
USERNAME he's on his way back from columbia . :( haha that's who we're waiting forr . 
i haven't heard from her in a month in i stil care :( 
i cant believe cristiano ronaldo didnt make a goal :( 
USERNAME will update you on the events of tonight ... 👫 💔 🍝❓ 
he thinks hes cool cuss he wont text me back :c 
today really is reminding me how much i really do miss my papa . :( 
i need an tissue i'm about ready to let out my tears ! :( 
USERNAME aw i'm sorry 😢 he needs to learn & grow up already he has a gf & baby now . 
USERNAME sorry i didn't bring you to whataburger lastnight 😔 
USERNAME oh my god you're prob right . 😢 😥 😥 😩😫 😨 😓 😰 
i need to per so bad and i don't get to spokane till like 5 😭 
i came to beavercreek olive garden and asked for USERNAME but she isn't working today 😔 
USERNAME dang i didn't even know i was a hoe :( 
thought you were different .. guess not #disappointment #imdone 😔 
USERNAME lololol she won't let me take a pic . :( 
ugh i fell of the wall thing at the civic center ! ! ow ): 
please baby jesus don't let this be the end of the road of something great 😢 #dontwannagiveup 
USERNAME wahh :( huddz said i'm getting lots of phone calls saturday lol 
i wish my dad would let me drive one of the three cars he has :( 
missing jasper like crazy today . i keep picking up my phone to text kelly . hate this feeling . :'( 
i would tear my pantyhose 😭 so now i gotta handle this cold like g ! ! ! 👎👎 
needed some good news today ... it was too long & too emotionally draining 😔 😶 😢 😪 
i just never have a craving to drink anymore 😥 
i wanna go to san diego ! it's been like .. two and a half months since i've been there . :( 
👀 rt USERNAME :-( rt blackules: i hate texting , why would i want to be your texting buddy ? ? ? ? ? 
i hate the feeling of being a disappointment 😔 👎 
i want to go back to rochester like now 😔 . 
USERNAME do you not see my tweet ....... you unfollowed me and i was like wtf . so i unfollowed you cuz you hurt my feelings </3 
i can't believe this is the last episode of #icarly ): #seriouslysad 
what was i thinking ! ? as a matter of fact what am i thinking ! ? 😧 
USERNAME oh boo boo ! ! do we need to have a talk ? ? 😢 
USERNAME ohh i didnt know you felt that strongly about me but ok :'( glad i found out i guess but ok bye 
USERNAME me neither boo 💔 😟 life just isn't the same w . out you 
USERNAME you were not . i'm disappointed . and jerry sucks for not coming . :( 
i haven't talked to juvan all day 😔 i'm very sad 
i'm still wearing the scars like it was yesterday but you're long gone and moved on 💔 
it's official . i miss my long hair . 😔 😔 
USERNAME i'm just a sad about that as i am happy :( 
you never stop loving someone . you either never did , or you always will . 😔 
last night with the team . last night on a team . feelin' sentimental . #csuwomenssoccer #mybestgirls 😰 😭 😥 
heading home . didn't see anything . :( (@ cta - randolph/wabash w/ 2 others) URL 
movie was sold out :-( gotta go at 10 #lincoln 
USERNAME whatt that's sick . my friend said he goes up to everyone in front row for pictures so you should do the same lol and me too ! 😥 
tried to engage in conversation with random strangers via interesting anecdote to what they were talking about . now they're silent :( #fail 
meijer used to have a policy . that was great customer service . no more . :( (@ meijer) URL 
i want to go to my moms though so she can hook it up with some bud :o i dont know which one to choose d: ! man life is hard :c ! 
i hate being sick but then wanting to go out and do something but you can't cause you feel like shit :( 
my last day .. i really gonna miss living here :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME don't hate , im sorry your boys are jerks :( 
the day i'm super tired my friends would go to skyzone <<<< 😒 😔 😞 
#trueconfession : last time , i got white girl wasted i had a problem with my breathing :( i throw too many shots back after back . 
my brooklyn not feelin to good .. she only said hey daddad twice 😪 😥 @ green acres apartments URL 
i could possibly be in major deep shit ..... #fml . 
it's so cold outside :( ( .. summer need come back to the sunshine state ! ! 
work is not bad but things are not going well :( so many dishes i'm not finishing on time d: 
USERNAME lmao 4 little kids & i've watched it like 3 times tonight ! 😣 
i asked for the #nhllockout to be over and that's not happening so ill have to get back to you on the rest of my list . 😔 
ignoring everyone or the night , just gonna listen to my depressing music . 🎶 😔 
USERNAME i came in tonight but you had already left i sorry :( guess what i bought ! 
red bull= grinding teeth ..... batt dead on phone ... no pics :( 
when i see dogs in the bed of a truck on the highway #breaksmyheart #toocold 😢 💔 
my boyfriend will probably be sleeping all day sense i woke him up early today . 😔 
USERNAME whyy didn't you take a picture for mee ? ! :( 
#israel 's war crimes: #gaza 's completely burnt children (14/11/2012 ): URL URL 
why is it , that every time i come home , i always get this terrible headache ! ! :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry bra :( i was supposed to hang out with avielle tonight too but i got sick 
USERNAME USERNAME noo ! my drita , my drita ! :( 
my god brother and sister practically put me in tears on the phone . they have grown up so much and are soo sweet . 😢 
israel , no .. you're about to do a lot more damage than what happened to you . :( 
i'm off work and ready to go , but everyone else is sleepy :( #bored 
don't have my phone at the moment . message me on facebook or on here if you need mee . :( 
kike punched me yesterday and now my arm is swollen 😥 
i am so full i think i should throw up . and i didn't even eat that much . dammit el pollo loco ): 😰 
USERNAME no didn't go out today cause i had a civil service exam , going tmw tho . no luck for kyle 😔 
got told wouldnt meet bec i dont have money to interest you . pf t.t hey dont know you like i do loveyou <3 wanna meet you . #kristymeetsbieber . 
mechanic just confirmed it strut mount bent , tie rod bent control arm toast about $2000+ not including body work bye bye breeze :( 
USERNAME ill see ! i don't thinly daddie is gonna drive me :( 
USERNAME miss you too :( haven't talked in ages ! 
can't catch a break and i just keep fucking up with you :( 
early thanksgiving dinner before my cousin USERNAME heads back up to colorado ! 😔 😘 URL 
USERNAME tell him cause he going for beer . he better not go empty handed mf . soorryy :( his schedule fucked mines up :( 
just burnt myself straigtening my hair cause i was paying more attention to taylor swift :( #ouch #drinkawaythepain 
USERNAME really i don't get a shout out .... i buy you shots . i buy you street meat . i'm even blastin your cd in my jeep and i get nothin :( 
thanks USERNAME ! ! long time no see ! 😧 
when people isolate from your friends and family << 😥 😢 
USERNAME why are you making our lives miserable ... without you twitter isn't twitter . now i can't try to get u to notice me :'( xx 
i made my dad cry with the birthday card i got him 😢 i love him so much ! 
i really wish i was at one direction #2weeks :( #hatewaiting 
USERNAME i miss my bestfriennd </3 please talk to me again . 
USERNAME i'm going tuesday ! i wish i went tonight :( 
there is always something that sets me back grr > :( 
i want to make a one direction/little mix fan account but i already have this one and my justin bieber one :( 
im so disappointed that they picked lindsey lohan to play elizabeth taylor ! :'( 
USERNAME i'm locked out out back , will you come let me in ? haha . 😔 
USERNAME haha i would but ill miss the lions game tomorrow :( 
some days are easier than others , but today was one of the harder ones 😢 i really miss adonis and boo boo 👼👼 ❤ 🙏 
USERNAME mhm , & :0 damnn , she went there huh but i meen she got a point but damn look @ how ya ended up </3 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i feel left out 😞 
when i hit them with the *im 16* and their facial expressions >>>> 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 hurt . 
USERNAME hahahahahahahhahahahha i dont think im gonna marry brad .... #sorry ): we cant be family ... 
USERNAME ughh , why didn't you ask when we were talking way earlier ? :( 
USERNAME done ? ? done with what ? ? :-( 
USERNAME i think just you and i are :( USERNAME just said she wasnt coming ! 
USERNAME i can't freakin' wait ! i've been watching all the seasons over and over again . :{ dd 
this year is the first year in 15 years i won't be around for USERNAME :'( 
why am i always the one that's ends up feeling bad .. 😔 
pretty pissed at espn2. cant watch the ut vandy game now :( 
someone come visit me at work 😔 @ starbucks on legacy & lebanon URL 
usc is playing in the facebook bowl this year :( 
i don't know why i just said to snap chat me , im looking a mess 😳 😁 😣 #ohwell 
USERNAME how was the show ? ! voli had to perform the day i leave nyc :( 
i feel like a dumb dumb . ugh . 😔 
eating biscotti while watching this damn phineas and ferb at home when i could be at downtown watching breaking dawn pt . 2 :( 
USERNAME USERNAME lee is going to buck eye :( ( 
i just have to know why i had to lose you 💔 
USERNAME damn . really ? :( prayin for you guys . 
USERNAME why do you hate me & d . :( 
USERNAME oh yeah ! :( why'd you get grounded ? i don't think you told me 
i popped a blood vessel in my pinky & now my whole arm aches :c 
please stay out of my life , stop talking to me , and leave me alone; until you learn the real definition of . k ? thanks . #upset 😔 
USERNAME yes ma'am i am . i'm out right because of neck/shoulder problems 💔 
chelsea's dad sang that dog to me when i left houston 😔 😥 😥 i miss him dearly 
swear everyone has a boyfriend except us .. 😳 💔 👎 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME $ ! ngl3 4l ! f3 #hollaa 
that had to of been the most depressing conversation i've ever had #fml 😭 😞 
USERNAME she said . hi back omfg bf i miss u so muchh :( 
i gotta get these allergies under control . stomach issues are not fun . i'm outside slowly dying while everyone is inside eating . 😣 😩 😖 😷 
USERNAME ha ok . i have to take chem :( 
i always get told i'm a terrible texter . 😔 😰 ): 
i need my best friend . like right now . :( USERNAME #hurryhome 
can someone take me to watch breaking dawn again . #please 😿 
USERNAME missing me , buddy ? ! i know i'm missing you :( 
i need to run to the store ... but i dont wanna get out of my jammies :( #firstworldproblems 
😥 💓💓 one of my favorite parts @ trap URL 
USERNAME i'm so mad right now ! i open it and this comes in front of me ! :( sorry this is not a golden pass URL 
USERNAME USERNAME im trying to get her to quit being so shyy btw im on 5 all weekend and you're not here :( 
i wish i could be at the game right now ! i wanted the personal experience with the seniors ! :( 
USERNAME please go away , but am scared the cat keeps following me 😢 
breaking a nail is one the top 5 most painfullest things to experience :( 
last bite 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😔 URL 
longest day of my life . 😕 😔 #tired #justwannacuddle 
i love it when my husband gets told he need to go back into work on a saturday and sit on staff duty . he was given no notice . #irritated 😒 😣 
USERNAME :o imm nott lieinqq ! &ohh , i knoww :c itss causee i gett soo lazyy .. ill goo visitt yuu sometimee thiss weekk , k ? k . [: 
USERNAME USERNAME i can't go :( i just found out i have to be up at 530 ... 
so jealous of my friends that went home already 😣 
USERNAME it's straight ! it's fun and sometimes it boring :( 
my mom wont rub my broke ass back 😩 😭 💔 
“USERNAME you the flyest dawg ! i bet you'd take my girl in a minute ): USERNAME donnee 
packing and missing the sweet boy . :( (@ my sweet spot) URL 
seth got called out 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #homealone #bored #sadd 
i need someone to go to the store with me , i hate driving alone . 😔 
i don't know what i ever did to anyone for all of these bad things to constantly happen to me . :'( 
of course microsoft publishes the list of provided software with a tech net subscription… in an xls document… #fml 
USERNAME duude i miss you too ! ): i was supposed to come out this weekend but it didn't happen d: 
. he can follow everybody els bak except meh tho . :( 
no one texts me , why ? no love for my phone today 😞 
pissed i missed my 1000 s/o tweet to USERNAME :( 
thanksgiving hurry up ): teasing me with the turkey just sitting there 
USERNAME yiikes ! :( i just woke up on the wrong side of the bed , i guess . i've been really irritable all day . also , my mother . 
i really wish i was sleeping over at USERNAME tonight :'( </3 ! haven't seen this slut since easter . 
USERNAME making me jealous .... i want to work there now . 😔 
i care too much and he doesn't give 2 fucks about me . #sadtweet 
i honestly have been napping and doing nothing all day ! haven't even being paying attention to my phone 😔 USERNAME USERNAME 
sitting next to a couple that's sucking face in the movies<<<<<< #omg #stop 😣 😷 
lonely in the back seat because i'm too cool for shot gun ): URL 
fuuck man .. after the offer i got today i really need to get back to school :( 
#pse #pom #vet #ajom #mir aa edhe qitoo e pash :s:s :'( 
omg ! ! i wanna go pick up my babygirl ! ! :( (( 
i wanna show you how much you mean to me , but you hate me :( 
hit curb with whole side of car & thinking its destroyed .. 😢 💔 << #almost cried #care too much #my baby #thank god 
just waking up from a much needed nap still trying to gain my bearings 😔 
i have to wait like 10 more months before i can see my bro play again :( 
hopefully USERNAME & i get to see USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME tonight :( 
USERNAME but you're seeing me in 3 days so your heart won't be broken anymore 😘 💔 🔜 ❤ 
urban outfitters has a david bowie sweater . if only i had $60 😢 
ran outta gas on my way home today 😔 .. s/o to the guy and his chick who stopped to help me to a gas station tho ! good people still exist 👍 
i wish i was by her side in times like these 😔 
i'm going to be home alone for an hour monday 😔 
USERNAME brb crying my self to sleep on my birthday :'( 
USERNAME why don't you ever reply to me or follow me :( 
want to go to a party ! someone have one :( 
for once , i would like for things to go my way . 😔 😒 
USERNAME keith told me he handled it , he must want you for himself :( 
USERNAME omg you saw and didn't stop . i really hate you now ! :( 
when you know that the next pay check your gunna get is only gunna be like 70 bucks :( 
oh my god 😳 😭 rt USERNAME when you talk about twerking fat girls , is this what you mean ? USERNAME URL 
it took me an hour to figure out how set up the dvd player and its not working 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wish you was here to boo 😞 
next friday , is the last episode of icarly :( 
omg breaking dawn pt 2 was soo good ! sad its all over :[ 
after making all those pies , i definitely need my nails done again ... 😞 💅 
USERNAME i can't tonight 😞 thanksgiving eve festivities ? USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
being mad and not having my headphones >>>> :[ ! 
i'm not gonna cry . i'm not gonna cry .. ahh screw it ! ! when mufasa dies it gets me every time ! 😖 💔 #lionking #oldschooldisneymovie 
:( rt USERNAME vou pro mall pra comprar roupa nova pra mim pro american music awards amanha 
i've tried so hard to get a rt from USERNAME for forever :( maybe someday 
loving that i have to run back out in this cold 😣 least i get to escape the madness for a lil 😒 
usher isn't even ... ughh some singers just disappoint me nowadays 😔 
:'( not going to see my baib till 11 imma be ko 
rip water bottle . blood sweat and tears with you lmao 😭 @ planet fitness URL 
con este clima + distancia de mis seres queridos = un poco de depresión ): 
USERNAME bitches 😞 only she would block us ! 😬 
USERNAME i know :( omg by it's still soo good . 
USERNAME sad day :( ..... for you i mean ;) ok enough twitter gloating for the day . #gobruins ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME well it hurts that i haven't see you 😔 😒 
when my friends find my predicaments humorous <<<< USERNAME 👎 😭 😒 
burnt the mess out of my finger trying to take the pot pies out :( 
USERNAME sure thing ! how've you been lately ? i haven't seen you around in foreverr 😔 💔 
kamryn hasn't been home the past two nights , and i'm not happy about it . #missher 😥 😥 👎 
you know you miss someone when you walk outside & you can smell them 💔 😔 
USERNAME yes you do kank ! my phone got shut off :( 
😔 😘 💋 smh “USERNAME never thought i would grow a bond w/ my roommate but i can honestly say our bond is like no other USERNAME 
USERNAME of course the day i choose to go home , you guys decide to have fun ! :( #wah 
i hate that chris won't be home for thanksgiving . i'd do anything for him to be here for the holidays . 😢 
love my girl and good to see her . just wish she was happy ! ! ! 😩 😿 👪 
USERNAME aww sorry :( wish i was there ! call me if you need anything . 
i wish i got cute texts out of nowhere 😞 
USERNAME lololol i'm at walmart idk if ill be able to come play 😔 
when my boyfriend can't text because he's hunting ... 💔 😔 #missmyboyfriend #hurryandgethome #ilovehim 
some guy just walked into the emergency room and he looks exactly like šefik and i broke down balling . #missyou šefik </3 
i just tried to pull my imaginary beanie over my ears 😞 #burr 
but but .. you're too cute to be gay 😔 
i love you julia 💘 😔 ima miss u so fckn much 
i hate when i randomly start getting emotional 😔 #girlprobz 
only an asian would be wearing nike high tops , beats , ray bans , and lug a polo suitcase into a mercedes . 😾 👲 
- being bloated & having cramps sucks ass 😭 😫 
last marching band performance ! ! ! 😭 😢 😱 🎶🎵🎺🎷 
i really wish i could have gone to fairfield today :( 
randy keeps on talking about going into the air force after high school . 😔 
“USERNAME twilight with my main bia USERNAME URL i wanna comee 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME danny i can't believe you weren't at my game :( #heartbroken 
USERNAME the highlight of my senior year as seeing you in ms rodmans classroom whenever i would walk in 💔 😥 
i really want 2 bump it , but it's 2 much hard 2 say that word ******** ☹ 
my nose has been hurting for 3 days now :( 
i don't know why USERNAME cute ass isn't following me ? ? 😔 
USERNAME security took my glow sticks ... :( why ? 
like what do i believe any more ? 😞 💔 
USERNAME oh how i wish mitt was prez . i'm not over the loss yet . :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME me too ! ! :( (( 
bestfriends bonfire . love you love you love you . sorry for the shitty . 😢 
honestly cant remember a day worse , and tomorrow could be just as bad #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME hahaha i'm sorry 😞 don't have to be so mean 
i've never even had the chance to try a twinkle ): 
USERNAME yeah i know :( i would have called you by now if i did . 
USERNAME no ! ! ! ! ): gee thanks -.- lol 
USERNAME your a distance friend but a great friend ! ! ! but your not here to hang wiff me 😞 tuesday ! ! ! 
USERNAME i miss you so much ! wish you could get a job down here and get a place with me . i'm going crazy :( 
when you're about to tweet something but by the time you get to the app , you forget it 😔 😣 
USERNAME i know 😔 i wish we were going but somehow it was decided that we weren't ? oh well . i'll def be at prom 
USERNAME USERNAME yes ... no one cares about bread anymore :( 
USERNAME hopefully after that you can remake basecamp for the web . everytime i log in i feel a tear roll down my face . :( (btw , looks sweet) 
i gotta go to the dermatologist this next week :( 
USERNAME i miss you too ❤ i feel like i barely see you in the halls :( 
guys i've been in traffic for an hour & a half ... i left jersey at 530 & as of right now i'm barely in queens 😞 
gas station didn't sell arizona's and i had to settle for a monster 😒 #sadtweet 
not as sore as last week but a lot more though :c 
i have great hair & my dad won't let me go out tonight 😔 😔 😔 😔 😭 
all i want is a glitter bag from victoria secrets and a pair of their boyfriend sweats ..... that's all 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME well my mom will get mad at me . i'm only aloud to shower every sunday 😢 
#trueconfession : i hate the fact that i let so many in that said hi , didn't , try in left me with goodbyes :( 
USERNAME maybe cause you never talk to me anymore . you kinda fell off the face of the earth . :( 
trynna get my mind off shit but everything just reminds me of it #sadtweet 
USERNAME i was listening to death survivor when she came to tell me to haha :( ( 
just to be the annoying bitch that i am ... i miss my boyfriend :( 
USERNAME USERNAME at s . p . a . c . e . (february 22, 2013 ): evanston , il , us URL 
of course me and ben would go to where zack and his date are , and get seated right across from there . #lol #coincidence #fml 
actually ... our stats are about the same . just ... interceptions :( 
my mom took me to go see breaking dawn part 2 and she didn't even buy popcorn or anything . :( 
still tired and sleepy . :( but camping is fun . :> 
i hate it when i go into kay's and find hundreds of dollars of stuff i want , then realize my bank account , USERNAME is at work ! :( 
i regret everything . why'd i have to do that ? :( 
i would love for this night to end good . 😔 
he spoiled the movie for me 😭 😩 😡 😢 
USERNAME no i don't live there but i do live south west . wish i could hang out ! but my family is in town :( 
one more day with stopped up plumbing :( 8 am is the promised time for the plumbers to be here 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i don't know anyone's names 😔 
this cute black guy followed me on instagram . . then i saw one of his pictures and he's wearing a shirt that says yolo :'( 
USERNAME im sorry :( i really wish we were going . and i don't really know why we aren't but we are going on a special date instead ! 😊 
USERNAME tsk . ba yan . :( sana kasama pne ! 
my grandmother's cat is dying and she was crying her eyes out 😞 that cat was with us almost 8 years . i felt so bad for my grandmother 😔 
i'm like 😇, and these hoes like this 😞 😢 
USERNAME that wasn't the point 😣 waahh i love you 
tonight though i'm actually excited just to spend time with my little brother .. he thought i didn't live here anymore cuz i was gone so much 💔 
i forgot my bathing suit so no hot tub for me :-( (@ country inn & suites by carlson , clinton , ia) URL 
USERNAME burritos make me happy . this game didnt 😭 
lost my id . guess i won't be eating until i get home on tuesday 😔 
i have no one to talk to now that holly is making USERNAME clean her room ... 😭 😭 😭 😭 #sadtweet #depressed 
#trueconfession : i still got that 7 year old lil girl stuck inside me </3 
rest in peace twinkie ! ☝🙏 😢 😪 😱 ⛪ @ city of miami cemetery URL 
as much as i hate people and large crowds i wish i was at the #lightfestival :( 
USERNAME i love houston too ! but texarkana is the worst . i had to drive like an hour or two with fam just to get to a mall :( 
sobie was gna take me to bdp2 as a surprise but we started watching part one and now he dont want to :( 
being at the swim meet right now is making me want to be on a team again so bad ! ! #missit #secondfamily 😔 🏊 
i'm such a waste of space and time and everything . sorry guys . :( 
that awkward moment when the waiter drops only your food :( 
just woke up 😔 geesh i'm a hard worker .😴 time to get ready for my other job . 
i miss u . i miss u so much . nobody even knows how much i miss u , cuz i just miss u that much . i wish u were here . next to me ☹ ♡ ̨ 
im beginning to dislike holidayz #no . family > :( ! ! ! 
when my back muscle is having a spasm and i am uncapable of moving until its over > hate this :( 
denie left with her mama & i really didnt want her to go . 😔 
fuck my chubby feet :( making these boots tight af #notcool 
USERNAME well i don't have anyone to cuddle with there #sadtweet 
i can't do anything without someone getting mad or upset 😔 
USERNAME i wish i could :( i haven't incessantly rambled on and on about boys in like 18 hours . :/ lolol 
my mama went to subway instead of getting me cookout <<<< prolly cause i already had chicken today #fml 
USERNAME i know ! why does it have to be over ? :( 
USERNAME is this who i think it's about ? :( 
USERNAME :( let's do something fun tomorrow . love you ! 
damn ........... i know she hurt 😒 😥 straight fuckery bruh 
i already knw derez gonna b a excuse for dis :'( 
remembering da times we had yall love was priceless #r . i . p rober t.t ae-tae . tasha . betty . 
i wanna watch that new mtv show called catfish , so i can stop falling in love over twitter :( 
damn , shit got real with me && #oomf in this text message 😭 
i honestly don't wanna work till midnight tonight . :( 
i can see USERNAME has found a new love . #replaced 😞 
ice cream for this soar throated girl :( i wanna feel better , it hurts to eat lol URL 
USERNAME oh haha i had the jamocha ! sorry yours didn't turn out good ! ! :( 
why do all the teachers cram so many tests in the two days of school next week ? 😞 
USERNAME oh sweetie ... i've been through it with my back also . i feel your pain :( 
USERNAME i think u and me are just gonna have to have a chill night tonight :( 
that sad moment when USERNAME isn't working when you try to visit her :( 
USERNAME you’re not sweet , sassy and smart assey anymore ? :-( 
pretty sure that lady jacked that baby ... & now a white boy is following me ... #fml so annoyed 😒 
USERNAME i came too hawthorne too pickk upp the rest of my things an got stuck upp here tell my bro can pick me upp :( 
ole miss tried :( feel sorry for the fans at that game .. lsu fans can be meeaann . 
we took him to the vet today & was told he was suffering from his kidneys 😔 
its funny how someone can say such things then just stop . 😔 #idontunderstand 
thinking about everything bad that's happened to you & putting yourself in a horrible mood :( 
the one time i actually get out of work early , i have nothing to do ... 😔 
all i wanna do is go shopping and my mom won't take me ): 
i don't feel good someone feel bad for me and bring me a raspberry lemon aid slushie from sonic . ): 
my sister needs to hurry up my dad is already mad > :c 
it's not that i don't want to hang out with you , i just need you to show that you want to hang out with me too 😔 
i want black ops 2 :( i have to wait 38 days #christmas 
my heart has never been so broken 💔 #olemisswhy ? 
USERNAME i have a test on monday at 12 😭 i'm going home with zach 
USERNAME where was it ? and it was troy homecoming this weekend n i don't have your number #sadtweet 
USERNAME ugh , i'm sorry girl :( idk why we keep putting up with stuff like that . 
was so excited to see love does finally on my doorstep . got prayers of a stranger instead :( ... USERNAME URL 
can't even watch this game without getting sad 😔 i want to be cheering a game right now 😭 
#reminderoftheday ; never eat chicken salad again ... 😔 💔 #makesmesick #butitssogood 
USERNAME aww ! :'( </3 tell yur brother i said happy birthday ! ! ! ( : 
USERNAME they lost :( by three points . boiling springs got first . 
just got blackopps 2 ! now i just need a ps3 ): 
USERNAME what ! walker ! my phone was dead ! :( 
when you get used to someone & then that person it gone :( 
i wish everyone a fun and safe formal ... time for me to watch sports center like a loner now 😔 
i hope you're not lying to me again ... 😔 #fingerscrossed 
literally so upset 😔 😔 😔 😔 😢 😢 😢 
i'm off on thanksgiving 😭 😭 😭 😭 😊 😊 😊 😊 😊 😊 😊 😊 
earl of sandwich , 5-close . my saturday nights now 😔 
looks like imma be home by myself tonight 💔 #nolife 
wtff i'm old as shit ! 😱 😱 😱 😰 😰 😨 😨 😥 😰 
:( ( why yo girl still walkin around in them busted ass shoes ? ? 
USERNAME yeah i know 😢 #lowkey but she needs to shut her mouth real talk 
ugh , why you gotta be on that boo boo tonight ? 😔 
i can't believe i was in another accident 😩 😭 😭 😭 & i wasn't wearing a seatbelt ! wtff manne 
USERNAME USERNAME i don't have emojis i can't see it ): 
i didn't see this until now . :( i was out of it last night . 
USERNAME USERNAME ahh y'all saw it ? ! i wanted to see it with everyone during break :( 
i wish i would of went to the gaame . ): 
leaving twitter for like a few mins bc fight :( 
i hate when i think of good shit when something over 😣 
i just opened a bday card my granny sent me and cried 😥 
everytime i close my eyes , it's like a dark paradise . </3 
#heartbroken 💔 but i still love my rebels ! ! they played a good game ! ! 💙 ❤ 💙 
hate going to the puppy store ... makes me want a puppy 😔 🐶 
some days are tougher than others . today is one of those days 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME hey ! you deleted this post rob ! :( 
i wanted to hang out with mari today ! :( 
USERNAME umm i have to go somewhere with my cousins :( 
USERNAME beat mee ? why . 😔 i'm the good one 
USERNAME :( ( stay up stay together and stay positive ! 
USERNAME your tweet made me sad . :'( it's not good you're upset . :/ wish there was something i could do to make you happy . :/ 
i really should do something this weekend since next week i'm gonna be in bed all week 😔 
USERNAME nothing yet :( why what are you doing tonight ? and sara and kenzie are home too ! ! 
USERNAME you bastard .. you most bastardous bastard > :{ 
USERNAME what i'm not even going to be there for your bday 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME we are going way too sloww 😢 
last race 😢 love you all so much 💜 💜 💜 mcxc 4 lyfe #goobersforever @ hayward , the bay , ca URL 
every girl is gonna look all cute for light the way & i'm nott . 😞 😒 
USERNAME isn't here to help me eat my mac n cheese on break . 😔 
this whole day has just been a disaster . i just wanna go home . 😔 
writing cover letters is something i am just really bad at . 😣 😩 😡 
i always forget to txt her back she prolly hate txtin me fareal .. 😔 😒 😤 
i have one of the dirtiest sister's ever 😣 😠 😤 😡 
i just wanna go eat .. no one will go with me :( 
USERNAME if i didn't have to work at 9 in the morning :( 
she followed me ! now idk how to tell her i want to be friends .. what if she doesn't want to ... idk :c 
fuck , i just loved you so much .. # </3 
i've missed my sister so much . i wish she was staying longer :( <3 USERNAME 
USERNAME i love coming on your page and seen you tweet everyone except for me :( #fml 
so boredd & i don't even have a car :( 
the last time i get to buy my donettes .. :( (@ kroger) [pic]: URL 
about too leave sammy's parents house & i'm already missinq them 😔 💔 
i'm really sad i can't be there to play with all you babies tonight;( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 #bff 
omgg they won't let us cross the street to in n out :( 
USERNAME sucks 2 b me ! i would do anything that for whn i have my kids they wont go thru all the bs i go thru ! :( 
i miss being apart of late nite on saturday nights . :( take me back to muncie . #bsimissu 
USERNAME you & your momma come visit me at work soon ! miss you guys :( 
the furches twins followed me ! fangirling right now ! 😢 #tears #of #joy 😊 
saturday nights aren't the same without my cat and mouse :( USERNAME USERNAME 😭 
USERNAME :( i wanna cry ! i still love ya though . # #mestillhungry 
i wish my milkshake brought all the boys to the yard ... #sadtweet 😭 😫 😑 
i miss my grandpa .. another thanksgiving without him . :( 
when all i want to be doing is running his back till we both fall asleep . 😔 
im finna ea t.t hen take a nap till lata <3 
tonight is gonna be lame i can feel it 😔 
need someone to text im so bored to the point that it don't make since :-( 
i haven't eaten all day and i'm fucking hungry ! 😞 
i hate that USERNAME and i's plans never actually happen ! ): 
just because i don't like coconut doesn't mean i'm not a real island girl . i'm 100% sure i was born in s t.t homas , virgin islands . #islandgirl 
i honestly need too forget the past .. but i just can't </3 ! 
USERNAME i never thought it until you said something lol people used to say i look like miley cyrus 😣 
USERNAME ahh i'm sorry ): i'll text you later ! 
USERNAME i didnt say ! he's ugly ! i said he looked ugly in that picture ! :( lol 
home but not home :( miss this time of the year back in nyc :/ 
thank goodness for seat warmers ! too bad foxy doesnt have any too keep my bootie warm 😔 
i'm so jealous everyone gets to see you because you're back in florida but i can't because i'm stuck in tally . 😔 
so i'm at this wedding where everyone is speaking spanish and i realize i really need to practice my spanish 😳 😭 
something's wrong with my iphone 😧 😶 😑 😬 😟 😔 😤 😵 💨🔫 
USERNAME it's a song 😔 i ain't no player ! haha 
took a two hour nap and i'm still tired 😣 
my last ku football game as a student 😭 😪 😥 #rockchalk 
girl you had it all nice waist , pretty smile , natural hair damn girl i'm missing out :( 
my first encounter with friends since wearing my retainers USERNAME USERNAME 😫 😨 😱 😭 on the way to the mall now . gr8 
last year at this time i was in knoxville watchin vandy get beat , and now i'm sitting in my recliner watching stats on espn gamecast #fml 
i have no friends cause no one wants to come over then go to dinner and a movie 💔 👎 😭 #lonely 
USERNAME 😧 😦 😱 😱 😨 😨 😱 😱 😨 😨 😨 😱 😱 😱 😨 😨 😨 😱 😱 😨 😨 😱 😱 😨 😱 😱 😨 😨 😱 😱 😨 😨 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 oh ight i see 
i'm doing homework . on a saturday night . someone saave me . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :c that's not nice . i'm not trifflin . #thestruggle lol 
singing to my best friend on the phone because she's sad . i wish i could give her a hug but she's 300 miles away </3 
my phone hates USERNAME or something because i never get her texts 😔 😒 
USERNAME i told lu to go see it with me he said i dont wanna watch that gay shit :( lol fuckk 
USERNAME girl i have been bad at responding ! i've been more excited for glee lately then gg , which is sad :( 
the sad fact that i can't go to metalfest :( 
i remembered my candy but forgot the chap stick ! 😔 man i need to start making a list ! 
i need somebody to come stay with me tonight . ! ! ! :( 
josiah needs to comeover , i'm bored af . 😣 😔 
USERNAME i miss you too 😔 😿 wanna hang out this vacation ? ? you me and USERNAME or something ? 
USERNAME don't say that ! we lost to them in pre season :( 
#itsuckswhen you think you did well on a test and you actually didn't :( 
USERNAME i have no idea what those are because i don't have an iphone . :( #loserstatus 
i wanted to go to the baby shower . but i guess i cnt ): 
USERNAME i have no way there :( or i deff would ! 
ugh i hate not working with my bestfriend anymore during days ! ! ! ! :( USERNAME 
just dropped my phone on my face 😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩 😭 😭 😭 😭 
peer pressure . i'm forced to watch twilight . ugh ! eww ! i cannot believe i gave in to this . 😭 
USERNAME *doesn't receive text cause david's phone is off* :c 
i guess i can forgive ? ? .. but i know i will nvr forget ... </3 
i have no idea what to do with myself 😔 so bored lol 
show you off . tonight i wanna show you off :*** .... lolol wait i have no one to show off :'( 
USERNAME give me a date so i can be ready cus i miss you :'( 
USERNAME omgg , so the radio said that tswift and harry are like dating .... 😔 i'm sorry bean , we can share liam tho ! ! 
USERNAME i have plans tmrw ): another time for sure though . 
USERNAME USERNAME .... hey guys , sorry for ur loss must of been the captain morgan :( lol ♥ 
someone wants to bring me wingstop ? 😔 😏 😊 
haven't heard from my dude all day 💔 😢 😭 
courtney 😩😩😩😩 😕 😕 😕 😕 😁😁😁😁 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😣 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME lol your twitcon ! you look nice i look gross 😔 
i think this is gonna be one of thoes nights again an i dnt want to be ): 
USERNAME so if i started traveling all the time you would hate me too :o :( 
yay . losing you again , haha ... 😓 😿 
if christmas break is this boring , i will probably die . missing my college pals already . 😔 
weird ass niggas -.-t "USERNAME were sorry right vane rt USERNAME lmao fuk u guys :( USERNAME 
i don't feel well 😔 but im still gunna go out lol 
y can't he just come lay with me ? ? grr :( 
USERNAME tell him i said heyy n i miss him :-( 
great ! my computer won't turn on and all i'm trying to do is be a good student and do my homework before u go get wastey pants 😡 😫 😭 
downloading the whole hollister music playlist was a mistake ... im going to be so sick of it while i work 😔 
this semester needs to be over so i can get outta these frikkin science classes 😣 
USERNAME girl we back on 6 nights . i would've had to come right back home . :-( 
can't remember the last time i watched #ufc because i work every saturday night :( sad panda . jealous of you all ... 
#thatsadmoment when ur dad can do vibrato and u cnt . . . :'( lmfao . #confessionsofasinger (who cnt sing or do vibrato) 
USERNAME :( no that's not right . don't do this because of someone else . 
lol diis was at mexico . i miss the summer :c URL 
i want quizno's so bad right now , but they are all the way in greensburg :( 
sad that i havent heard from USERNAME all day :( 
that awkward moment when you've let your legs go numb from reading tweets on the toilet .... can someone help me up ? .... it's raw in here . #fml 
USERNAME so drunk earlier , i think i lost my debit card :( 
when all those men die at the end of takers <<< #soosad 😥 😥 
i'm just gonna get told how bad of a friend i am .. :( i'm done i can't do any of this anymore .. 
business isu make me wanna kill myself . 😥 🔫 
USERNAME i know dude ! i miss you and my baby t lots :( 
dang nobody is saying they love me back today :( #foreverhated 
what you let go i'm now stronger but its still hurts </3 #weareneverevergettingbacktogether ! URL 
USERNAME USERNAME there are people who blow themselves up in the name of god . not everyone is peaceful and caring . :( 
USERNAME seriously ! i don't even know what i'm doing 😔 
just bawled my eyes out because of #breakingdawnpart2 . 💔 
i just came back from breaking dawn . the best fucking movie ever :c i cried like 196927105728 times :c 
my top lip looks like a diving board :( #fatlip #stupidsurgery #ilooklikeanidiot 
USERNAME tweeting to damn much :/ , now i got #oomf feeling some type of way :( help me thugg 
at a party as so far all we’ve talked about is all the #collegefootball i missed all day . #fml 
noo i left my subway sandwich in the fridge at work now i'm sad and hungry 😿 
i’m not 100% paleo , but pretty carb-restricted . starting to notice really bad heartburn on days i eat non-paleo foods :( 
no practice & no ice kitties for almost 2 weeks .. ? ! ? ! #wut #noo #mustseemyicecats 👎 😭 💔 😿 
god damn i wish i could go out tonight 😔 😣 
USERNAME looll :'( feel bad issi x_x seh mi love it too much & a work him a come from 
hearing blanket on high , & i'm still shivering 😣 
pretty sure i just found my soul mate . too bad he lives in nj :( 
USERNAME you'll have to kidnap me . i'm a pedestrian . :( 
USERNAME ... i live in boise . this makes me sad . :( 
wish i could trade my heart for a new liver . 💔 
😧 rt USERNAME real men don't use gloves to change diapers ! ! #nevernick ” 
i won't chase after you . i deserve better . 😒 😔 
fun way to spend your saturday night 😞 💊 @ saint peter's university hospital URL 
there is the sweetest little black girl called gwen at the ct humane society in newington . wish we could go get her . :( 
hate it when i go to buy something and they don't have the effing size 😭 👎😫 😡 
USERNAME how am i supposed to talk to you now ? :( (( 
USERNAME seems like everything is just going wrong .. bad day 😔 
not so great family weekend . it's the little things that make a difference . # sad :( 
i get jealous , i get mad , i get curious . but it's only because i care . 😔 
death is just so full and man so small 😔 
USERNAME 😧 that sounds amazing ! birthday festivities , yes ? 
USERNAME i really miss you too papi 😭 😭 i'm all yours next week 
i need my lil bro so bad right now ! :( 
jamie has the flu i repeat my sister has the flu 😳 😳 😳 😷😷😷 😥 😥 😥 
when people fart out loud <<< #fuckingnasty #eww 😣 😖 😷 😠 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( lol i tried to be a champ ! i tried ... 
in sacto visiting 'tha mom', sure miss san diego ! :( 
if he cares enough to text you good night even though you haven't talked all day ... you would think that means you care ... ? #guessnot .. 😔 
i'll miss you cubes . i dont care what anyone says , he's a great man with a huge heart . #broncopride #movingforward 😔 
USERNAME so i send her a text after i wake up from hibernation and zee reply ): 
im in so much pain about to overdose on tylenol ): 
omg i hate u & i hate u & i hate u . i just fucken hate everything :c 
USERNAME aw yeah ! ! ! why not ! !) ): lol 
“USERNAME URL USERNAME reading your comments and missing you at pivotal 😿 
i just wanna cuddle right now and watch movies . 😔 😏 
rip snuggles .. my mom's dog died today . so sad . :-( 
soo disappointed i broke this nail :( lookin a hot mess now ! ! ! ! 
working 11pm to 8.30 am for black friday ... #wtf #thatsmysleepingtime #uh #nosleep 💔 😱 💤❌ 
my room mate is embarrassed to be seen with me because of my sense of fashion 😔 
i hope barkley is okay ..... come back to fight the irish ! ! ! :( 
everytime the # is 23 ? ? ? ? i miss da days with him :( 
the fact that all football at dobie i'd over for 9 long months <<<<<<<<<< 😭 
ugh .. guess i'm not seeing him til tomorrow :-( 
sometimes i really hope to get comfort , cause i don wish to get hurt continuously . but i just can't afford to forget anything between us </3 
i never thought seeing little kids try to dance in a musical would make me miss dancing so much 😔 
great movie definitely a must see ! ! ! sad the saga is over :-( (@ regal northtown mall stadium 12 for the twilight s ... ) URL 
my attitude is based on how you treat me . 😔 
USERNAME no thanks , i'm allergic to knuckle sandwiches :c 
next up , the first 3 eps of this seasons burn notice then the first 5 eps of this seasons american horror story . no reading this weekend :( 
⬅⬅⬅⬅wishes she was back in the a right now 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 
is there anything going on tonight at all ? :( 
USERNAME lol i'm actually doing homework .... i'm sick . :( so way to go ass hole ! ! 
i'm so pissed off i can't find a twinkie anywhere :( 
USERNAME as of now idk :( my boss only gave me two days off and tickets were 500 :( 
i could of been with oomf right now thoo . ): 
so you can hang with them and not me ? okay 😔 
i've used all of my memory on my iphone . #didntwantthisdaytocome #waahh 😩 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME damn i wish i could but neither of my parents are home to drive me :( 
what a wonderful day ending it with a dent on the side of my car from a cow ! wonderful ! #anythingelsegonnagowrong #fml 
i will not die , until my last title is released . . . is a feeling i could never let go . . just wait till what's next 😧 
i can't even lay on my stomach with having sharp pains in my spleen 😥 
i want to go to the art walk at lp tonight :c 
USERNAME i'm in brat mode bc i miss my sisters :( 
i have a feeling she's at the movies right now if so , that's just fucked up . even after what i said how i felt about that ): 
i'm sad i'm home :( i wanna go back to indy already . ! 
i have no friends i'm such a loser .. 😢 
the world keeps getting in the way . trying to get to yu , but it feels like everyday theres something new ): 
the night that i want to go to a bonfire , no one is having one . #sadtweet 
#ifitwasuptome i wouldn't have to wait till next saturday to get my new phone . #impatient :( 
i want someone to play with my hair right now . #lonelysaturdaynight 😔 
me either ! i dont think its til 2013 tho . :( - brett 
december 7, 2012 ❤ new single ! r . i . p jesus cazares ! my one & only grandfather , 1st . gen ! this goes out to you with much love 😢 
“USERNAME mostly empty commonwealth stadium this season (10 mins before kickoff ): URL lol 
when you see some of your friends in the buy stands :( 
i hope i can gain weight more easily than last time ... :( 
i love meeting new people but i haven't met anyone new lately :( 
sick :( just want to be home and cuddle with my boy .. 
how i feel is a lot . why bring me into it again . ): 
USERNAME USERNAME insallah kuzey gitmez ama gidici gibi kızlar cemsimiz yalnız kalicak gibi bu savaşta :( 
USERNAME i have to be up at 5 am tomorrow ....... #tooearly sad i won't get to see you :( 
USERNAME because he is gorgeous and i want him to be my tate and i want to be his violet .. my heart broke when i finished season 1 💔 
really hope i can play in the morning & that my wrists okay :( #ffs #badluckwhitney 
USERNAME #noshavenovember dammit mr moran :( he told me today 
mm yes i like it when my mouth starts bleeding 😷 😞 
USERNAME bite your tongue ! poor talon will never taste a delicious hostess product . 😭 
you know that i love you , so . i love you enough to let you go 💔 
making cream of chicken w/pasta & forgot the celery :-( ... i do not feel like going back 2 the store ! #meanface ... USERNAME where u at ? 
please , alien (that's inside my body and calling itself ): gtgo . i beg of you . 
i just want that one phone call .. that's all i need 😔 
it was opening day of rifle season today ... and i was stuck in norman ! ! 😔 💔 
USERNAME did you get the s/o i made for you :( 
tmobile pwease let me join your company . ) ): pleaassee 
the more i think about it the worse i feel 😞 
ugh i wanna go home already . monday and tuesday better go by fast :( ( 
wow my knee really hurts i thought it went away :( 
USERNAME aww ... ): i miss him so muchh ./: 
USERNAME i would but i'm about to go to this kids house to chill . sowwyy ): but next weekend w need to hangout ! 
USERNAME yoo imiss you on 106 and park so much 😥 
finally watched in its entirety . incredible ... though i already know how the sequal turns out . lol ! or maybe :( #fb 
soco amaretto lime came on and it made me sad as fuck 'cause i'm 19 now . not 18 anymore ): 
still going through post-concert depression because the justin bieber concert ended a week ago 💔 
i hate that feeling i get in my stomach . 😔 
craving a hundred different things and all i want is just to go eat but not by myself :( 
my brother just came home and ate all of USERNAME food i saved her . doesn't he realize i'm going to kill him now ? :( 
USERNAME u suck . never waiting 20 min in line to get u pasta again . you used me 😞 😞 
USERNAME me neither :( i was supposed to go today but that didn't happen ! 
USERNAME aww omg i so hope you come here ! ! ! your so grown up i can't believe you graduate this year 😔 
USERNAME reading your comments and missing you at pivotal 😿 URL 
USERNAME aw ..... poor baby 😨 😢 & you know i'm coming over tomorrow right ? ? 
watching jersey shore is making me so sad , knowing i can't go to the shore this summer 😥 #restorestheshore USERNAME USERNAME 
starting to miss my boyfriend 😔 #bestfriend #comehomenoww #loveyou USERNAME 
i'm going lose my freshman 15 just from being home for a week , this house has no vegan friendly food anymore #starving 😔 
USERNAME yes ! i've wanted it for soo long :( 
must stop looking at cats on the ct humane society website . it's not the right time for a cat , no matter how sweet . :( 
:( rt USERNAME at peter piper pizza and the finest hood bitches just walked in . 
i really want to get up and go to the movies . but these essays… 😔 
USERNAME yes dear buddy ! hope all is well with you . i am still trying to recover from the election . :-( 
USERNAME to make home feel better about himself ... no one ever talks to him :( lol 
#breakingdawnpart2 with the sister and the cousin . #finishingthefiveyeartradition 😢 
USERNAME yes this morning :( .... will i see you tonight ? ! ill be with my hot roomies 
i miss my dog so much ! ! #honeybun 😢 💔 
who wants to come over & watch katy perry: part of me with me ? ! 😭 
#fml #starbucks is playing the best music . i don't know how to leave . 
USERNAME we both could of avoided this heartbreak if you would of just txted me your schedule 😭 
i'm gonna miss my senior friends when they graduate . 😭 
you'll never forget what he took from you , what he did , or how he hurt you when you we're just starting to be okay .. you now have scars .. :'( 
about to take some dayquil cause i don't wanna sleep and take nyquil but then that means ill be up for a while 😞 
i love when my bf doesn't text me back 😢 
college is stressing me out and i haven't even graduated yet 😔 
USERNAME :( what time ? and i dont know cause i cant leave my sister by herself 
i'm just ready for deployment to be over with , you've been gone to long ! 🇺🇸 💔 😔 
i miss going to the parade of lights every year :( #misshome 
my moms off all this week coming up 😒 kill me now ! 😔 🔫 
USERNAME won't let me light a shot of everclear on fire 😭 🔥 
boored someone come over and have a movie night wiff me :c 
USERNAME but i need to vent :( hahaha just kidding 
never again will i eat so much junk food ! :( ((( #stomach #ache #miserable 
seriously being sick sucks ! ! ! that's wht i get for workin at a daycare ig :( 
USERNAME see , i see it as 3 days w/o my 2nd block . 😔 
why am i not with USERNAME right now not normal im banging my head up against this wall ! ! ! aahh ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😳 
i'm gonna be a frail old lady ! ! 😔 
just left walmart and the #twinkies were all gone ! 😢 
i really want hot chocolate but don't feel like driving to wawa and breaking my 50 to get one . :( 
my chest is burning ! what's wrong with me 😔 😳 😳 
i wish i could go to shays party tonight . damn 😔 
USERNAME damn your effin lucky 😊 your taking over vegas ! i won't be there till march 😔 
USERNAME and this is why santa isn't bring you a new iphone ! ! ! > :( #yeaiwentthere #itjustgotreal #hashtagsfordays 
USERNAME she's pretty crazay about you too 💚 💚 💜 💜 💙 💚 💞 ❤ 💔 💞 💜 💜 💜 💖 
i miss my friend USERNAME please come back 😭 😔 😒 💔 
smells worse than ever . if i could tweet what it smells like right now you'd all want to kill me . #cowshit #fml 
november has to be one of the worst months i've ever experienced so far :( really 
and then i stained my shirt with the juice ): 
i feel like i will throw up by the end of today :( 
hot date tonight ....... with the hallmark channel & my bed 😭 😴✌ 
this game is life right now . 😁💘 @ no one loves me . 😓 💔 URL 
i was cheering for USERNAME , :( again he showed the attitude every driver should strive toward , congrats 2 ricky on a great season 
USERNAME if his tweets are protected/private , you won't be able to . :( 
end of semester work means no USERNAME and USERNAME tonight ... :-( #americanu #collegeproblems #raproblems 
changing green shitty diapers is my favorite pasttime . 😭 😳 🙈 😰 👴🙊 
being with sierra>>> ive missed her so much :( ( 
i used to have a favorite brother , but honestly that all changed . they changed . i come second to them now . when they've always came first . 💔 
USERNAME i will be at work :'( but i'm wearing a crown as soon as the clock strikes midnight you bet your sweet ass ! 
why does bad things keep happening to my baby :( please lord help him recover 
USERNAME :( i felt so bad when i saw that note 
knowing i won't see him for a week << 😥 #missyoualready 
know im focued .. didnt even get the j's :-( 
my mom asked , and she completely ignored it ;c </3 
ughh i just wanna jump in a hole :( (insider) 
i don't want to be here right now :( headache . 
USERNAME 😡 👿 😔 i seriously wanna go back & just dancee 😒 
today was suppose to be an amazing night , but it turned out so terrible ! ! #psst 😤 😔 💔 
a 7 slide power point , two 5 pg papers , 6 chapter reviews , 5 lesson plans & an asl video . yeah , no problem 😭 😵 🔫 #help #homework #collegelife 
USERNAME i'm trying not to be .. hard night 😔 
i regret quiting figure skating . c dx sazxc :( 
USERNAME no it's not sad . i do that as well :-( 
USERNAME pudding cam is not optimized for the iphone5 :( 
i want to visit USERNAME at work but my parents decide to come to buona beef . ): 
i just wanna get takeout , get movies from redbox , go home , pop them in and chill with someone 😞 
fangurgling bc my love asked me to hang tonight ... but with my luck i can't tonight :( ((( brb killing myself USERNAME 
when people say you deserve better , but then they screw you over . 💔 😕 
everytime i watch chris brown's video i cry like a straight up bitch . :'( *shrugs* 
USERNAME yeah but if i don't get a job then i will not be able to do anything :( (( 
man i wish i had a big tub and could take a long hot bubble bath :( apt tubs suck 
i feel like i annoy you .. :( either that or i'm not the only girl you're talkin to .. 
well i guess tallahassee will never find his twinkies 😭 #zombieland 
USERNAME i went to the domain yesterday . that place was packed 😧 
no one's tweeting about who was in floor wars . ): 
jealous of everyone who met j . cole today :( 
USERNAME #laurenfollowspree i believe that one day you will follow me , i love you . :( . 
USERNAME okay fine u work sonetimes haha but dont conpare me to jim ... #sadpanda :-( ☆☆♣♣ 
have a feeling this is not gone work out , totally have different expectations rite now :( 
wish i could pack the parking lot with everyone but i'm stuck in blacksburg :( 
spent all day ... creating a team for fifa ... ea site doesn't let me save . #fml #fifa13 #easports 
USERNAME man stfu > :c i'm not a disney fan either but i still wanna see it 
USERNAME i bet , stupid popoos :( ( well what r u up to tonight ? 
for a second a forgot what day it was ... i'm losing my mind 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME i wanna go in the sauna :-( lol 
i guess 😒 😭 rt USERNAME USERNAME doesn't that make it one lol ? 
lobster jail :( #redlobster #lobsters #jail #sad #aquarium #poorlittleguy @ red lobster URL 
last day before i have no phone for awhile 😔 
USERNAME and my car got stolen so yeah , :( i wanted to do something today but everyone's being lame 
when he says you deserve better than the last boy , but then screws you over . 💔 😔 #itswhatever 
my creepiness is at an all time high ! i have a problem 😢 
USERNAME it is a shame we haven't seen each other in months :( now that i don't work weekends , we gotta plan something soon ! 
shes eating all my ice cream 😰 😰 😥 fatty URL 
i'm optimist glass half full . since obama elected more people on foodstamps: means less smelly people pan-handling . ok i'll keep trying :-( 
when im around you for a while im not happy when im not with u i feel not complete ): 
i hate this feeling . and that it's going to happen all the time and there isn't a thing i can do to change it 😢 
USERNAME literally crying over it 😭 😭 😭 😭 🌰(that's an onion) 
those nights you get drunk alone because your friends are away :( 
USERNAME perdieron , pero ganaron el global . ire a ahogar mis penas en coca-cola :'( 
what's up for tonightt , i haven't done anything all weekend ! 😞 😒 😠 
USERNAME even though you said you couldn't hang with me and kyle 😢 
one time i come to starbucks USERNAME isn't here 😭 😪😩 
on the inside i be sad wen baby mad at me :( 
i would be that kid who downloads all of straight to dvd to my phone not realizing it wasn't the video part ... :( 
USERNAME i have ! ! ! no luck ! ! :( ( 
USERNAME just made a little girl cry by kicking her out of line at the lupe concert :( jerk 
USERNAME haha . if he was i didn't see him . no good bbq sauce ! :( 
i hate texting people first cause i feel dumb when who ever i texted doesn't text back :c 
the left part of my chest is tight and it hurts :( 
planning things in your head , hoping one day it happens .... that's me 😔 
i often wonder ... yes , my friends . yes , they actually are . t.t 
USERNAME i wish that my future hubby mateo would text mee ! ! ! ! i should've gotten his number as well ..... :( 
USERNAME who's this girl you keep tweeting about ? ! #supposetokeepmeinformed :( 
USERNAME that seems like a long time from now :-( 
USERNAME you couldn't have at least waited a day ? :( ucla was the better team by far today , i give them that . still love my #trojans #fighton 
uuggh ! i miss my family so much ! :( 
aww man iris is going to tweet about me :( (( 
dear self , you've been mispronouncing franziskaner wrong for years . you are an idiot . seriously . #fuckmylife #haha 
USERNAME USERNAME omg no . wait til i get home ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME 😱 😱 😱 i knoow ! we done fell off 😢 
even the fact knowing i'm probably going to fail this test isn't helping 😞 
i have this massive bump on my eye , and my back hurts 😭 
i have a head ache ! ! 😣 i need some meds 💊 
i guess i do need new friends . 😢 anyone want a new friend ? 
i'm a little bitch when it comes to you 😞 
i wish nestor was in ny :( ... ill see him in 4dayss when im in nc <3 yaya 
USERNAME eske sii , a si hacen sentir a uno pita 😔 
again me and spongy , missing my #family # 💔 
darn u twilight ! ! ! i said i wouldn't cry ! 😥 
why can USERNAME & i never find anything to do ? 😔 
ahh damn you need a invite to get in ? looks like i'm stuck inside again #greatness #spectacular #fml 
trip to starbucks with USERNAME was a success 😊 even though my hair is partially wavy 😔 🙍 
doing mrs deluna's homework then mrs . johnson's project , then mrs . khan's paper . . . . oh yeah mr . conner vocab great saturday night :( 
USERNAME i wish i was half as sexy as my twit pic 😭 
USERNAME i wish i got my future hubby mateo's number instead of just giving him mine ! ! :( 
home , but no midget :[ ..... (@ sanctuary my no nonsense zone) URL 
last night with rp :( (@ bluebird theater for reverend peyton's big damn band and trapper schoepp & the shades) URL 
i'm sleepy and have no plans but i want to go out . :( #woeisme 
bestie :hey me :hey bestie :u got a boy friend me:why bestie :c ause i want u me : yea i got a boyfriend ! 
why don't they have that mall in atl like in raleigh , nc ? ! #sadtweet #wannabuyeverything 
my little bit is sick :( hate when she feels bad , but love the cuddling i get ... #bittersweet 
jst chilling tonight i guess .. since nobody dont wanna come see me :( 
USERNAME thanks hun .. i feel like i'm getting worse though and i have to go to the baby shower :( 
got manded again god damn it . no drinks for my birthday tonight :( 
USERNAME USERNAME what can i say . you wouldn't have known the girl that hides from cops;) btw i don't remember that picture :( 
my girlfriend just enjoys making fun of me too much :( #shmuh 
USERNAME whaat . can i see it ! haha i don't think i can though ! we have a dog and i think that's enough animals for my mom :( sorry 
im depressed . i never held hands with anybody before . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME awhh :( ( i have to work :,( 
i want to cuddle up and get cozy with someone and watch 25 days till christmas :( 
i'm craving a huge greasy bar burger . and beer fries ... and a frappucino from starbucks . :( 
USERNAME aww :( id be there if i could ! ! 
so much for the clippers game . my brother and sister have to work , wahh 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sorry guys i was working 😞 but hii *waves* 
waiting on USERNAME to call me back i need entertainment & to vent :( 
your dog is supposed to help through a break up , but every time i look at her i just think of him and get sad #fml 
so far miss my super great #mnrg season ticket seats :-( #northstars 
i don't think anyone wants to give you a ride :( USERNAME 
why does it seem like you don't like me anymore ? i feel so distant from you :( 
its raining down here too :( @ taylor's casa URL 
USERNAME chace said that i was a cool guy though . :( :( :( 
USERNAME that sucks :( and eeww lol idk if i could 
USERNAME scott ! ! ! ! ! i miss you . uhm i love it ❤ ❤ except i'm a little sad tdog and lori died 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME lol i have no clue . and we're all broke . 😣 
one bad thing about my mom having heart problems no junk food ! :'( #disappointed #muchneeded #endofstory 
USERNAME i miss you more . :( just look forward toward wednesday ! ❤ 
USERNAME but i sure do wish i had all that 😔 i'd look good in my stomach . 
USERNAME i loved making it (iirc), but i gifted it away . :( 
i wanna drivee :( they wont let me thou . 
gonna miss you guys USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😭 💔 
USERNAME ba't di mo 'ko binigyan ? :( (((( t_t 
i don't wanna drive all the way to south central in the rain :( 
ooh gosh ppl nuh memba me again ... what a world we living in :( 
USERNAME we use to have season tickets . we dont now :( 
USERNAME i'm thinking about it .. but i don't know if my parents will let me . or even take me lmfao :c 
oh so who's babe number 1 ? 😾 🔫 speak now ! 
i miss eric ! :( in michigan for a week . 
my boyfriend and everyone else leaves me for tacos lmao #assholes :c 
i accidentally pulled my puppy's tooth out :( i feel terrible 
or a cucumber with lemon juice and chili powder on it 😭 🍋 😭 
USERNAME well then boo you ): i feel the love . 
i wish i could retweet this 100 times right now 😢 
USERNAME to bad it’s not gonna be for ipad 2 :( 
saying goodbye to my little mexican antinio at work was so hard . even though they piss me off ill miss him #hatesayingbye 😣 
feeling so bad for russ he's running off 2 hours of sleep in over 24 hours and is on fire watch till 7 in the morning at the f1 track 😔 
USERNAME i know 😞 😞 think of all the 409 numbers i have , that i hve to skip over 😫 
i'm so distraught over hostess going defunct 😭 no more twinkies ! ! :'( @ summer palms apartments URL 
time to buy a sim card for my father . unfortunately he bought an iphone :-( (@ t-mobile) URL 
USERNAME aw lol , i miss that class :( that period we had our whole group>>> :/ 
dang :( lol i think im ganna have like my dad buy a lot of 
here .. and my nerves are in full effect .. to the point i'm nauxious as ever :( 
i've already gotten letters from colleges in missouri and california . please quit reminding me how short of a time i have left . 😔 
.. umm i think it's time for you to be home already ! ! ! ! .. :( lol 
i don't feel well , working on studio all night will be a huge struggle 😥 
i feel like i'm never going to see USERNAME :c c feels so long 
USERNAME :( (( you suck . now i have to wait foreverr ! dumb cheer competition . 
i can only take a sip of it :-( @ blair e . batson children's hospital URL 
sam being gone for a week wouldn't be as bad if he could have service ... but noo 😔 
i swear .. this year is just full of bitter sweet moments 😔 #breakingdawnpart2 #senioryear 
gaame time ! wish i could be at autzen right now 😔 💚 💛 🏈 
i wanted to be with my boyfriend tonight ... guess that ain't happening . 😔 👎 
i want them to come back ! ! ! ! ): please ? please come back to minnesota 
waking up at 8am togo to seaside and clean out the house :( 
USERNAME but at least you have corey . i dont have a phone or nuthin :( 
scratched on the 🎱 ball . almost beat dad 😔 😏 
i should be at the movies wayching breaking dawn pt 2 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME can we go outside and lay under the stars and imagine something beautiful :(  
i have to work 10 am to 10 pm on black friday ! ! #wtf #12hours ? ! ? ! 😭 😵 🔫 
drove my dads truck to go tan and i fell getting inside and messed up my knee lol #fml 
USERNAME they closed get baked .. now you can never buy me my cupcake you owe me :( 
uhh i hate snow :( USERNAME snow》rt USERNAME what's going on in michigan next week ? " 
since my mom said no to tonight ... i guess im staying in :c 
USERNAME omg i know ! this is crazy ! :[ 
don’t push away the people who truly care about you , because one day , you will push them away , and they won’t come back . 😔 
work is too slow . could use a nap ! ! ! #fml #tired 
going to spend time with my family ... but my dad is still ignoring me for nothing :( 
i think my xbox is about to get the 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i tried my hardest to buy a windows phone from the microsoft store . no lumia 920s in stock :( 
USERNAME i'm watching hallmark channel . why aren't u here ? :( 
my true bestfriend is over , been through a lot with him . i've missed him 😢 . love youu 😘 
USERNAME you told me you weren't leaving </3 what happene ? ! ? 
just saw breaking dawn part 2. it was an amazing movie but i 😭 the last whole half hour . lol 
#tbt playing baseball & being young >> 👍👍 😒 😔 😔 URL 
USERNAME i love you too bby 😔 😞 😘 ❤ 
😢 😢 😢 well now i don't have anyone to hangout with on weekends . i'm just gonna go cry myself in a ball position . #nobodylikesme #foreveralone 
not even lying or being on that complaining shit but i feel soo terrible :'( 
the last show ! ! :( waahh ! ! ! (@ what a do theatre) URL 
sorry i don't want to make out in the middle of ross . 😒 😾 
somebody @ me ! ! im bored and doing laundry . #fml 
brb gonna go buy all of krogers twinkies . </3 
love does not have to be physically together as long as their heart belongs to one another . 😔 😏 
one tiny little random thing can spark a memory of someone who u don't want to ever think about again and its like ugh #fml 
USERNAME can you get sick from eating it ? ! 😧 
i just dont understand why it gotta be one thing after another ... 😔 
USERNAME i've only been in the hospital for a week & you got a bf somewhere , what the hell happened to our mom ? ? :-( ( 
had to leave work cause i'm feeling so sick . coming home to an empty house isn't exactly what i was looking forward too ): 
my aunt still thinks i have a girlfriend :( URL 
it's unbelievable how much i miss the bobby's girls :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
when all i want is to be rubbing his back until we both fall asleep . 😔 
USERNAME at least u got there ! ! we found no place to park so we turned around and left :( 
it feels weird not seeing them cutting weight for wrestling .. 😥 😔 😶 
USERNAME i heard your back in wallington and i haven't even seen you once 😔 
kunis she did have awhile back rt USERNAME i wish mila had a twitter :( 
i just love being on hold on the phone for apple . 😣 😡 #sarcasm #apple #customersupport #1800number #hurry #elevatormusic #bored #hurryup 😫 
omg my future husband nev schulman was right here in fayetteville . and he didn't even see me :( 
i feel like a major outcast . . . kinda wanna go home 😔 
USERNAME i would , but i've been in the same spot since 4 .. i am so tired :( 
i feel like i haven't seen USERNAME in forever 😞 💙 
wish i had someone to visit me on break 😔 
USERNAME aww thats cute ! i didn't even want cats :( lol 
trey and lauren london are in a movie together .. 💔 👎 
but ... i really need to go back to new york . i'm starting to catch a southern accent </3 
USERNAME it was awesome , until we moved into town ! :( 
USERNAME mm thank you dear ! why must we live on opposite sides of the canada ? :'( 
why so many people come see breaking dawn when i workk 😔 
i barely even talked to USERNAME last night 😢 i miss hanging out with you all the time 
USERNAME i miss you too fhelvy . i'm really regretting this decision . :( 
no matter what i do ... i'm alwayss not up to par for her . #fml 
this bucket list item won't be crossed off today . USERNAME coast starlight delayed 12 hours . flying instead :( #bummer 
not being able to talk to her because her phone died </3 
👎 😭 😭 rt USERNAME #highlights : ucla ends 5-game skid vs . usc to claim pac-12 south title URL #uscvsucla 
ugh i'm craving the fuck out of a java chip frap from starbucks ! 😔 
luv my main man USERNAME to def but he did sound kinda shook tonight when asked again about USERNAME :( 
phones about to die , and i haven't txted anyone all day .. ): i juss been listening to music .. 
USERNAME :( you didn't like my call ? USERNAME was enjoying it ... lmao 
me too . cabo cantina like the old days ? ? oh wait you live in vegas 😞 
USERNAME yes :( the poor dog always cries when we leave . i feel guilty 
why'd you have to bring yourself back into my life #why #thoughtigotridofyou #fml 
i feel left when my best friends go somewhere and i can't go because i work . #storyofmylife #fml 
bored .. on a saturday night :/ cant leave the house :( 
i hate when my dad cuts onions up , makes my eyes burn & water so bad . #ouch 😢 
USERNAME i missed you so much yesterday and today :( ( how am i suppose to survive ! :( 
USERNAME why do you hate me and christian now ? :'( 
gp took the l today 😢 ... nevertheless my lul big brother USERNAME #33 puts @ frederick douglass high URL 
USERNAME i dont have cable :'( im watching it on my comp . though 
i want to be in my jammies , snuggle wiff someone , drink tea and watch netflix :c 
USERNAME kinda bad :( make sure u wrap ur hair up in a scarf 
foodie adventure of the day (continued ): warm sticky toffee cake . one of the most deliciou @ westside tavern URL 
ah what no why huh how i'm so ah i'm so confused 😦 
i really wanna go see the tree this year for christmas 😔 
USERNAME i keep loosing hope youll tweet me back :( i love you still though ! 
wish i could have gone to the illini game 😞 #poo 
USERNAME :( dm me if you wanna talk about it ik how you feel 
omfg that phone call just made me cry my eyes out . :( USERNAME 
omg toy story 3 is on ! ! ! :'( #tearjerker 
USERNAME sorry #imnotthatsmart lol :( guess i gotta go back to elementary .. #needamap 
so i hope i don't lose my ghetto bitch deep inside when i come home :( 
i have had a headache literally all day ! 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i sent ashley all the butt pix i have already :( 
wish i was at #jmu for the game , i know they gone party hard when they win 😔 😔 
baggage claim is gonna have everyone in it . trey lauren london lala terrence j ! everyone but me 😔 
USERNAME i'm so jealous ! we can't fit a tree in our apartment :( 
does anyone know how to resist my stupid foot fetish ? it's so embarrassing ): 
soo jealous i couldnt do the scavenger hunt today cause i had to work :( #fuckk . 
USERNAME aw sorry i just got back home ): let's go this week though ! ! 
so fucking tired . jus wanna sleep . and jus want a cigarette 😞 😫 
soda makes me so sick now a days ... ): 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( i was wide awake and crashed haha 
USERNAME mira todo lo tu haces siempre es bonito mucha miarda (asi dicen no ? ): -) 
even if k-state loses my night is still shit . 😭 
omg , what happened ? ! ? my heart is broken . prayers going to you and the family ! 💔 
USERNAME ah really ! ? i miss you too :( 
USERNAME i thought we were supposed to go :( lol jk but i hope i like it 
it hurts that we aren't talking , because i really can't be without you 💔 
my thanksgiving mission , should i choose to accept it (i do ): pie and wine . #lovemyfamily 
i have a thing for guys 2-4 years older than me idk why 😭 
USERNAME ughh , the sickness is spreading . pretty soon everyone will be sick and then it will be like that movie contagion haha :( 
hospital again damnit . so bored ... #hospital #fml #problems @ st . rose dominican hospital emergency room URL 
wish USERNAME wasn't too good for me . i kinda miss u 😔 
i can't eat anything of what she is making tonight 😔 
he's trying to get me to eat ): noo . #nofoodforfourdays 
derp i was on the news today but i didnt even get to watch it :( 
i don't wanna go to work :( but got to take any hours i can get . 💵💰 
i just wanna go eat my feelings and go to bed 😔 
lost one of my nose rings ... had to put a pink one in :( #doesn 'tmatch 
USERNAME message me your # i didn't get a text :( 
i want to spend time with my mommy . 😞 
USERNAME i got here super late last night so i could help grandma with the new house . i go back to stl tomorrow evening though :( 
why don't sexy women come to my job . :( 
just cracked my brand new fucking iphone #nosuprise 😬😩 😥 😡 👎👎 
when i get snapchats from you it just makes me upset 😔 😒 . 
USERNAME or she means she just took penicillin . :( #partyfoul 
bored ... shower & lay it dwn i guess :( 
i wish my mom would let emily come get me .. 😔 
oh chips ! my phone is gonna die . :( 
USERNAME that's really good love , i miss you :( 
it was rare , i was there . i remember it all too well 💔 #alltoowell USERNAME 
snowflake lane :( please i want to go . ❄⛄ stupid 29palms . 
USERNAME are you sick ? ! :'( i never see you anymore . if so , get better ! <3 
for everyone that didn't pre-order a wii u (including me ): you feel that ? that's regret and exclusion corroding your very soul . it hurts . 
holy fucking eye infection . just my luck . 😞 
really missing my mom right now . 4/5 more days :( 
my wrist hurts when my brace is on & it hurts when my brace is off .. i just can't win . ready for this stupid thing to go away 😞 
toy story 3 ❤ this on makes me cry at the end 😥 
drinking all by myself because my boyfriend has to work 3rd shift #poo 😔 
USERNAME sadly not if we have to work :( ((( i have the next four days off work though . so glad . 
curled up in a ball cause my tummy hurts so bad . #girlprobz 😔 
all i want to do is go snuggle and love on USERNAME after watching that lovey dovey movie ... but i'm in texas and he's in bama 😭 
lost one of my nose rings .. # doesntmatch :( 
USERNAME awh nicee ! i miss you and USERNAME , USERNAME so so much ): 
seriously .. im never gonna be able to find a white dress 😔 
someone come visit me im home alone all night and just want some company :( 
it's cool how USERNAME never wants to go do things when i'm over but he will go backroading when USERNAME is over . 😢 
USERNAME i just puked ,3 times so i prolly shouldn't :( (((((( 
wish people would ask me to play on their tournament teams .. 😔 
i just ran into a vacuum cleaner .... i'm so smart .. but now my wrist hurts :( 
i can't wait until my baby comes home so he can help me with noah . i need some sleep :( 
ready to get done with this awful driving school so i can see my bestie 😞 USERNAME 
USERNAME im having some tonight okay dont be so violent with me ): 
USERNAME aww that's to bad i liked it haha . :( 
USERNAME , USERNAME we all know its simon (*~* ): :xx . 
USERNAME i had to leave before i could meet them :( 
USERNAME l miss you too tim ! worst part is i'm in chicago next week ! :( have fun in nyc ? 
😞 😞 didn't call me but il call u on monday ahah 
my bestie doesnt love me like he say he do :( #sadtweet 
no one to talk to 😔 if someone texted me i'd love them forever 
USERNAME outside of my head no :( not yet ! but definitely one day . 
i'm alone at the town center ... someone come save me please ! 😨 😭 
so sad cracker barrel messed my food up :( i'm hungry 
it's so weird to think how grown up everyone from my childhood is ... we're not babies anymore :( 
USERNAME ah .. darn . :( you're right . i'm sorry . i was in barnes and noble . :( 
calling it an early night . headache :( i hope everyone enjoys their saturday . 
USERNAME omb(omg) look wat i got ... your #believe album on my hands . ahh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 💔 💗💗💗 💋 💌💗💓💓 URL 
this is soo sad :( i can't handle this right now ... #merlin #thedarktower 
USERNAME 4'11 .... but i was sitting in a chair . :( 
i miss him again ... he stopped texting back earlier . i wounded did he go to sleep again ? :( 
i love being ignored . 👌 it's a real good feeling . #joking 😞 
USERNAME fall in love with me ! ! ! ! ! 😔 
it can go down so easily now 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME you dont come to our locker anymore or talk to us anymore :( 
haha i'm such a bum . i fell asleep at this dance ... but #gettingsick :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry ! :( we'll have to catch you up 
how am i wearing feety pjs with socks under it but yet my feet are still the coldest part of my body ... 😔 ❄ 
nothing worse than being stuck in for the night , when you could be somewhere else having fun . #depressed #hatethisinjury 🙍👎 
USERNAME please dont go ! :( ♥ i love you ! ♥ 
missing my boo :( i wish she was in my arms right now 
i wish i could be in nyc this new years so i can watch the ball drop :( 
watching the game ! go ducks ! wish my nigga was here :( USERNAME 
i'll b so much happier if i had some tree leches rn :( ... i hate my coworkers ! ! ! i hate my job ! ! ! and i hate this weather ! ! ! #bothered 
jealous of everyone who's goin down the rex to see USERNAME :( 
USERNAME aww ... :c hope you feel better soon ! 
i don't have a ride to tiffanie's 15 or valeria's party . :c 
uhh . 😞 @ john f . kennedy international airport (jfk) URL 
had my amanda moo in the er today sick 😤 😞 , but with rest and meds she will be all better . ❤ ❤ ❤ mama loves you ! ! 
USERNAME aw i asked what you were doing tonight hahaha & aw man :( soon tho , you me blake and em . 
i wanted to go out this weekend but my parent dont let me :[ 
you break my heart in the blink of an eye . 💔 
USERNAME i know :( i'm gonna get like no sleep ! i'm going to the mall at midnight . wahh 😭 
when you go grocery shopping hungry <<< i think i just spent 100 bucks on pop tarts , fancy juice and cheese 😔 👎 
USERNAME what about me ? ! ! i wanna play ! ! 😞 
USERNAME i won't be at school monday or tuesday 😔 
some people's goal , to ruin my night . 😭 
but what if i don't wanna go to work 😭 
i'm going to cry when my cousin leaves with his xbox . i want one 😞 
USERNAME shelby would always yell at me whenever i would bring my homework in . 😔 
USERNAME haha i know i totally failed in that one :'( 
i just want lemon pepper wings and sweet tea and jason right now 😭 
80w @ bay brg incl (ala ): :slow down 35 mph curve 2 miles ahead (was: harrison st exit closed use alt exits) 
USERNAME okay okay ! i'll stop for now ! ! 😔 
still can't believe that yu left us #rip tio manuel 😔 
unethical muthafuckas ! ! ! ! im tired of seeing employees abuse their power ! ! ! im so traumatized :'( #tired 
all guys do is leave after they get what they want </3 
so this guy is incredible but wants to move out of the country #fml 
yay all by myself the whole night in this empty house with no plans :( 
not to mention that it's raining .. w ana labs ni9 chem t.t 
USERNAME but that's stealing :( i don't like you anymore you thief 
no simon is a puppy , that's just how i see him but what do i know (*~* ): :xx 
USERNAME lolz the ones i actually wanna spend time with live on the south :( 
if you know me you know that i fucking hate k-state and want nothing then for them to lose but if they lose my night is still shit ! #fuck 😢 😢 
last home game with these sassy seniors . 😢 #gatorgirls USERNAME cocodelightt @ ben hill griffin stadium URL 
USERNAME USERNAME lol i was so crushed when you weren't there . 😞 my drunk bf . 
so sad .. this will be my last visit to sbc . :( #endofanera (@ silverado brewing co) URL 
i'll never ever let a broke bitch disrespect me 😖 😣 👊💢 
i have an opportunity to get a free kitty and my dad keeps saying no :( 
i hate when my mom asks meeh if imma go out nnd i have no where to go ... :( 
dummy USERNAME won't go see twilight with me :( (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((( 
USERNAME me too now but i'm in da ville homie :( 
laying down in my shower sleeping thinking about all the memorries i had with my dog ! #depressed #itsbeenreal #heartbroken 
USERNAME fred 😭 😭 😭 😭 it was an accident 
my birthday is on november 28th . all i want is to be followed or to meet one direction ! :( 
realizing that i won't be able to eat mini muffins or mini powdered doughnuts from hostess 😭 😭 #thestruggle 
USERNAME ik :( but when we beat bama that will be the next big thing 
how do i spend my saturdays in november ? working on #nanowrimo for the entire day . #somanywords 😔 ✏ 
USERNAME is right , i do get attached easily . 😔 
i wish i was USERNAME her and her a+ average 😭 
i'm so over work right now . i just want be with my friends already 😔 
being sick and having to work later than normal <<< 😭 🔫 
i feel like i do my nails every other day ! 😣 
thought i was going to the game , guess not ! :( 
ya'll , this really is a heartbreaking time for me . 💔 my one and only crush . 
i wish people would invite to party 🎊🎉🎈 💔 😔 👎 
USERNAME what does it have to take for you to be my big brother . cause i dont have any . :( 
this week is gonna be a waste of a vacation 😕 nothing planned , nothing to do 😞 
USERNAME we better ! i miss you too much :( 
i really want to see breaking dawn part 2 .... but all my friends are koonis 👎 😭 
i wanna watch a scary movie , but idk which one to watch 😔 
not even allowed onto the bridge to get into seaside . so sad 😰 😰 😭 #ripseaside 
USERNAME i have to go to church in the morning :( lol but christmas break ... 😏 
getting my nails done tomorrow before work ! melissa better be open ! her ass not anserwing the phone ! my nail came off :'( 
USERNAME so many beers , yet i only have a single liver to give . :( #fobab 
USERNAME :( okayy imma see what i can doo lol 
rip liz krehm , i'll never forget you ... 😥 
seen way too many scary movies to feel okay babysitting at night 😣 
USERNAME shew i wanna come to you but i have so much homework :( ( i'm afraid it'll be a bad idea . i'll text you ! 
wanna tlk to ma babe and jus pour my heart out to him and tell him evrything on my mind . its too much for me to handle alone :'( 
USERNAME 'tis true , but in the end i realized that i wouldn't be back in the military without o . :-( 
USERNAME i would say but i envy you . i'm writing a paper . :( 
USERNAME i'm in new york so i'm getting the score from my friend :( i'm scared . 
i want taco bell so bad right now .. 😔 
found a baby kitten outside the barn reception and caught it and jackson wouldn't let me take it home 😔 
i just want to eat mustard soo bad but i can't :( why must foods hate my #lovespice 
travis hates me already and we just made eye contact for 2 seconds :( 
someone come take care of me 😔 😔 😥 😢 😭 
USERNAME :-( no fun . hope you’re not too stressed with everything . 
must be nice to be a man you guys don't have to go through shiieett 😔 😠 😩 😒 
holy shit i got my first crack on my phone 🙀 😿 
USERNAME sadlife ! ): i was legit forced ! i forgot i was like 5years old again -_- lol 
USERNAME i just made plans baby :( we'll hangout over break for sure okay ? ? 
when i look cute & i ain't with my boo so he can see me :( *sigh 
that's my cue to shut the fuck up . i hate texting i'm ready for you to come fucking home ! i hate when you work weekends 😖 😣 
USERNAME how is it ? dude . i want to be in the city but not home .. no me gusta :( 
USERNAME oh my god . so fucking jealous 😦 lol . 
idk i mean should i be happy i have alone time , just me and the delicious pizza i ordered or fucking bummed that i'm a loner :c 
just ate for seth and myself portion wise means that i'm missing him to much and moms food is amazing :( 
USERNAME girll imma speed away lol i may just leave early . it's free sunday :( 
im so tired of u sayn shit making u look better wen ur no t.t he stuff u do now is wat ur supposed to hv been doing . congratz 4 steppn up ? no . 
i really do not care for phillip phillips . can rashon come back )))) ): 
faithful girls deserve the best , but we unfortunately get treated like the rest </3 
USERNAME sorry lil bro , wish you were with us ... miss you :( 
i have no desire to see skyfall now , which sucks because i really wanted to see it a week ago :( 
USERNAME on demand 😞 😩 ill enjoy it enough for the both of us though don't worry 😊 😘 
emily's not replying 😔 👯 💔 were no longer friends . 
&i know ! ! ! ! she texted me & i responded ! everyone except me got to see him ! :( lol 
this movie is freaking disturbing a'f ! ! #savages don't like it ! ! 😞 
feel like a douche because i couldnt go to terences party :( 
i gave this bitch a nickel for a tip 😭 😭 😭 
my back is killing me ! ! ! ! #fml 
USERNAME i'm eating lovely for now , but when i come home ima be pressed 😔 
USERNAME i don't think i have your numbaa :( mine is 317-8545 
i miss my rabbit hat </3 you couldn't find me dead without that on two years ago 
USERNAME haha what the heck i talk all class ! ! how don't you know #excuses 😞 
the front row of the movie theater 😭 😭 😭 
eu ia pra rússia em tres semanas mas nao vai rolar mais ! 😣 💔 🔫 
my little princess isn't feeling so good so she is now sleeping on my bed . #notahappymommy #sadtweet 
omg , my cunados cousin && wife just passed away in a car accident , they got hit by a semi truck :0 :( r . i . p 
USERNAME come find me then , i don't wanna get up 😥 
ugh ! ! ! this mcdonalds got my stomach hurting :-( 
i woke up and my eyes were stinging blood shot . #whyme 😔 
USERNAME since i've seen you ? yes . yes it has been . 😭 
people keep looking at me .. its weirding me out .. :/ i don't like people looking at me ): < 
was just lookin at drill team videos on youtube , i miss them days omg :( 
im extemly boreedd ! ! ! ! i soo needs some friends . :( 
i look like a pimpp , i miss being little :( ( URL 
the fact that i haven't talked to you all day 😔 
i want to kill myself oh my god i've never hurt this bad in my lifee , my body aches so bad . :( #sickprobs 
ahh , just ready to see my boy ! ! :( 
so sad . the #hostess company closed . that means no more twinkies . </3 
think i'm movin back home ! sooner than i thought 😔 
not gonna lie .. the end of breaking dawn has me crying 😭 😭 😭 
i just hope we don't have an early game tomorrow . 😞 
jk idk about killing myself but the pain is getting worse and worse :( 
USERNAME bro my phone has been of cause of my wifi its been down all day :( 
should i cut my hair again ? ! ? 😦 😶 😲 😬 
i love how USERNAME decided she was gone stop talking to me :( 
it's about to go down lol spending her last night in boston with her :( @ cheesecake factory URL 
USERNAME need two (if julio jones is active ): jones , fitzgerald , desean jackson , leshoure; and also two if jones is inactive 
USERNAME mhm , i'm pretty happy laying here on the couch watching movies 👌 but i'm at 5% :( 
lol ... i text this dude i wanna cuddle and he didn't text bac :'( k 
USERNAME :( ((( awh i'm so sorry . try & cheer up ! ! ! 
all my ppl . stay on the east now :-( so far away 
how noone wants me & my boyfriend to stay the night together :( <<<<<<<< 
i'm hungry . but when i look at food my hunger goes away .. 😣 
time to lay in bed and listen to depressing music #sadtweet 
today is not my day ... i'm all in my feelings :( 
on our way to fai lotu ... rip pio :( love you peta&kids ! 
i . hate . men . :'( i'm going to be alone forever . #done 
USERNAME shelly it happens to me too ! ! :( 
USERNAME danng . ): whose available ? ! hahah . 
“USERNAME USERNAME proof i'm am addict . :( URL i've never seen those ! 
there is literally no where in astoria that will sell me drinks . #sadtweet #disappointed 
awe man , i didn't get to rake today 😩😩😩🙀🙀🙀 😔 😔 
just found my baby blanket all burnt up .. :( 
this social work term paper is not what i want to be doing right now .... 😣 🙅 
honestly over it not like i can change shit anyway 😔 
why cant i be cool and be able to go out every night 😥 
i'm sad USERNAME missed the yelling and screaming out of the bus 😢 
moment when you bust out crying because you feel as tho your never good enought <|3 😢 💔 
all i want is one night to sleep in my babys arms & nott have to leave :( 
the things USERNAME says to me , make me ball 😭 URL 
i feel like i can no longer have a life and just moody all the time 😥 
USERNAME i wish this game was televised . i miss hockey and watching holtby play . :( 
my kids will never know what a twinkie is .. #sadday 
USERNAME dude yeah ! that would be perfect . fyi , the next episode isn't till dec 7th due to our thanksgiving :( 
USERNAME i know) ): but i'm sure we will still be by alot ! 
i hope not a lot longer . my mom still isnt back :( im sorry for keeping you wait i feel bad now . 
i feel like everyone's getting there license and i'm just like fuck 😔 #aprilbaby #needtodrive 
like i really felt bad for the other guy cuz his face was glubbed 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sii sii eso no es de ahi ! :( btw ! las extraño ! 
wish i still had a dog to cuddle with #rip :( 
when USERNAME doesn't text me back ... 😭 😞 😵 
my mascara goes to waste when i cry . sigh . #sadtweet 
USERNAME i left to go to work :( i'll be there around 1230. it ends at 2 
USERNAME USERNAME sama ko sa gb :( (((((((( shocks i miss gb 
no i dont want icarly to finish ! this cant be ! ! ! im going to cry :'( 
today i had a blast with USERNAME ... the only part that sucked is when a clown called me dora :( 
why won't any band ever have a signing at a tilly's/hot topic near me like i love you guys too let me meet you pls :c 
i wish i had my old life back ... my life with my two best friends ... i was actually happy . now ... i dont even know :( 
USERNAME i know this is a very sad day for yogurt lovers everywhere 😢 💔 
wish i would've gotten up to go to the temple basketball game 😔 🏀 
yeah i wanna go go haze tonight for USERNAME but i got bit by a spider on my butt cheek so now i can't walk right or sit 😢 😢 💉💉 
while every1is out having fun i will be at my apt sulking in my sadness bc i only have enough money 2 get me home on tuesday . :'( #hatethis 
i wanna go see twilight breaking dawn pt .2 i deserve that much ): 
at the movies watching twilight with the boys ! ! photo shoot went grea t.t hanks to USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME that's more fun than i'm having , hands down :-( 
USERNAME ah maine that was best ! there so many hot boys there ): 
USERNAME i am still throwing up .. and there isn't even anything for me to throw up cause i haven't been able to eat 😭 
dang when dafinas mom said she was gonna be back in 5 minutes , she meant it :( loll 
i'm stuck at work when i could be at the lee brice concert at cowboys ): 
i forgot my goddamn mother fucking key to the building / my room #wtf #fml 
hate being stuck in the house with nothing to do :( 
i'm doing nothing wrong why is being so mean 😞 
she's going to be mad at me for a long time but deserve it 😞 
how come its easy for people to find a job but me 😥 
ima start buying microwave dinners , majority of the time there's nothing to eat here 😣 
USERNAME ugh i just wish it were like flat . that's all i want . 😭 
when you're away , i feel like a part of me is missing ! 😥 😥 
USERNAME i'm sure whitney will but i probably won't be able to :( that's why i love fb and twitter ! ! always in our ❤ long live 
the fact that i'm studying for anatomy on a saturday night <<< i would much rather be with my boyfriend 😥 
USERNAME lolol .. u shuush ! we miss you daylon ! ): 
my sister is my only friend atm and she doesnt wanna go to starbucks with me :( 
idk what to do tonight ! ! ! ! ! :( 
when you don't have headphones on the train<<<<< #fml #ijustdiedalittlebit 
i have no money to go black friday shopping 😭 😭 
im so scared and paranoid to be home alone . especially at night :( ((( 
watching with katie ... the cute gay couple saddens me a bit ... i miss that whole being a couple thing :( 
too pissed icant go see my 2nd favourite movie .. :( 
all i want for my vest is a bloodmasters backpatch :( if only i was on the team 
lol i had work this morning 😞 😁rt USERNAME shaunee have her hair done even when she sick lol 
USERNAME gop gov mitch daniels refuses to fund job training programs for hoosiers . there's always a dearth of it jobs here :( 
USERNAME aww :( i wanted to hang with all my baes it ain't gone b right without you there 
USERNAME aww mann :( (( i'll see you in a couple dayss boo 
i'm sad i don't get to go home to no one but myself , my son is off with his dad and i'm just alone 😭 😭 😭 
:( jam was awesome ! (@ newark liberty international airport (ewr) w/ 34 others) URL 
USERNAME ohmygosh . that's so cool ! ! gosh i wanna go so bad . </3 
i used to weigh 93 pounds . now i weigh 120. what happened to me 😔 
the color purple is such a sad and heartbreaking movie ! </3 
#ihatewhen people tell me that my boyfriend is lying/cheating ... 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME damn . i cant come over there :( 
USERNAME sadly no :( too hurt from sabertooth last night + no ride/cash flow . you should go though ! ! ! 
USERNAME oh awesome ! ill let you know when we move onwards . we just sat and haven't even ordered yet :( 
USERNAME idk if i'm going :( no one wants to go :( 
USERNAME sdda do meu celular tb pq ne :( kk af 
when woody leaves all the other toys at sunnyside to go back home to andy i seriously wanna cry .. #sosad 💔 
so i asked my mom if i can go and watch breaking dawn part 2 again next weekend and she said , . me: 😔 
our room had a bar in it . a bar dude . 😔 🔫 whywhywhy . 
USERNAME USERNAME good missin the mission trip 😥 kinda sad #timeflies 
... i just got news my friend attemped to kill herself , was hospitalized , but didn't make it </3 :'c waow .. 
the season finale of #icarly is next friday . i will miss this show . :-( 
i'm finna watch this movie go home and cry 😢 😔 
takes me back to middle school playing hallo with the homies USERNAME & jake 😢 .. not carlos he was annoying URL 
USERNAME awh . she has no toes . poor thing . 😔 
why do hospitals take soo longg when it hurts soo bad & i'm exhausted ? #cmonnow 😔 
- cant believe they're really shutting down hostess 😢 the future generation will never know .... 
wahh 😩 my baby's growing up too fast #notready 😢 URL 
why am i the only nonsmoker on earth :-( celine dion - all by myself URL via USERNAME 
i miss my bestfriend ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ): USERNAME 
killa that cam & vadim with my lil man can't wait for my bigga to get well he can't even rock with us :-( i miss my bigga 
i hate driving in the rain . so scary 😖 😥 
USERNAME i know , sad ! i'm pretty upset :( 
hoping a stalker doesn't show up to mannys house lmao 😱 😣 USERNAME 
man i bit my tongue today and it huurrtteedd soo bad ! i coulda cried , i almost dis forreal :( 
i miss having someone that cares about what i did yesterday , what i’m doing right now , and what i’m going to do tomorrow . 😔 
guess eric managed to get one last phone call ... too bad i missed it :( #sosad #redoplease 
USERNAME what up ? haven't seen ya in a while . :[ 
i love hanging out with people but i always miss moose . :( 
USERNAME totally not true . i haven't seen you in a whole week ! :( :( 
USERNAME i am ! ! ! ! 😢 tell everyone i said hii xoxox 
rip to my little baby sibling , so sad 😔 
USERNAME awe we both will be fine and get better 😞 😔 😁. malik keep coming in here every 5 minutes saying mommy you ok . need water . 
how could you possibly take a big dick in your butt ? :( ouch . 
USERNAME what the poop :( well i need you to talk to lol . 
i hate spending my saturday alone . i much rather spend it w/ him 😞 
robbieroo is sick and has a bad head ache , poor baby . :( 
i lose my appetite , knowing kids starve tonight 😔 💔 #30hourfamine #makeadifference #wearethegeneration 
i already broke one of my glow sticks open :( 
need pain killers and ice cream ..... can i order that :-( 
USERNAME damn ! ! first time in a long time i won't be able to see sealy get beat by massa . 😱 😣 
USERNAME now those are tix that i can not afford ! :( 
USERNAME what time ? ? juan never got here ! ! :( 
this family dinner was going so well until jerry sandusky was brought up 😔 #pennstatealumniprobs 
USERNAME i have this black and white dress but idk :( i'm gettin anabel to hook me up lol 
can someone come chill with me please iam so bored :( 
i just wanna go back to the USERNAME concert . #isthatsomuchtoask #sadtweet 
my back needs to be popped , so bad . ): 
you just piss me off and make me sad . ) ): 
wah smells so a bonfire outside but i can't go outside :( 
i hate that i'm so weak to my temptations 😣 
starting to feel like i've disappeared from the minds of my friends smh ! i'm home people ! ! i wanna fucking see you ... i gets no love :( 
i lose my appetite , knowing kids starve tonight 😔 💔 #30hourfamine #makeadifference #wearethegeneration 
acabo de enterarme por qué goku se fue con shenlong , me arruinaron la puta infancia :'( URL 
hurry back boo rtUSERNAME i'm ready to get back 😔 ” 
today i was called ugly four times broke down and cried all of them also got in a fight ... they called my bestfriend a stupid slut :( 
i still don't have the new taylor swift cd ! ! ! 😔 😔 
how do you know when to give up or keep trying :( 
i shalldnt let the feelings come back thou dx but i just can't help it :( 
everyone favorites , no one hits me up . #sadtweet 
all these songs on the radio make my heart hurt . 😔 
why did no shave november have to become movember </3 
USERNAME i know 😔 i can't believe it ! how old is e now ? ? time flies so fast i'm sure you understand that more than most with your others 
i knew it was gonna be a long day at work 😭 3 hours down 4 to go ! 
goin to bed i have nothing else better to do with my life unless death becomes an option cause thats how i feel :'( 
USERNAME of course you my fav . ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ i still owe you dat banana split :( 
USERNAME my twitter never lets me favorite your tweets :( 
USERNAME i miss u too :( seriously i wish i could be back in class . text me ! #imbored 
i'm never gonna have time to see my goddaughter anymore 😥 
i'm grounded from bringing any drinks into the living room for a month except for water because i spilled milk because poptart tripped me :( 
USERNAME i dont know who would take me ! ! my mom and stepdsd arent home . and neither is brenton ! ): 
how my girl tryna take my man smh i thought she loved me 😭 😢 😭 😢 😭 when did we become these jerry springer bxtches ? USERNAME 
that marine story just made me cry 😢 😢 😢 
it's hard to stay mad at someone when all you want is to talk to them about everything . and nothing . doubt he feels the same . #hatefights 😔 
USERNAME won't rt me cause he likes don lockwood better . :( 
what breaks my heart more is that my grandpa still goes into the livingroom every night where she used to sleep and tells her goodnight . 💔 
ahh i miss colorado ! ! ! ! ! :( 
this is about to be a wild fucking night . wish my baby was here to celebrate with me :( #partyanimals 🍸👊 
if beebs (justin bieber) cant find love how are we supposed to ? 😣 😞 😒 😔 #melancholy 
USERNAME i know ! :( how's the auction going ? that's tonight right ? ! 
USERNAME i was depressed you didn't join us at the game today :( 
annabel's so mean and she is making me sad :( ( 
:( rt USERNAME hs football- odem 0, luling 19 (2nd) 
about to watch movies ! but nobody to watch with :( 
USERNAME i missed it i was at work since 3am :( 
USERNAME oops . just saw ? i can skype now but can't talk for long ! need to rush out assignment ): 
sometimes i wish i wouldn't have fucked things up with #oomf 😔 😕 😞 
i just want someone to stay the night with me :( 
saturday night home sick ! this is a first :( 
USERNAME and miss you ! haven't really seen you since we were all together for prom :( 
it's weird watching north central instead of the pekin dragons basketball 💔 
my little cousin just turned 5 and she already has a boyfriend . i didn't have my first boyfriend till i was 15 hahaha 😭 
the world cant end on december 21, eminem's releasing his new album next year :( 
i hate knowing i have work in the morning 😞 
i look good right now , my hair and makeup is perfect and guess what ! my ass is staying home tonight ... again . :( 
USERNAME i guess my mom told bri you couldn't come over :( 
the house is so quiet without cole and USERNAME here . :( #loserwithnoplans #foreveralone 
i wish i could have made it to the game ! ! :( 
USERNAME i hate it :( hit lotto so i dnt gotta work 
i wanna see breaking dawn part 2 again so bad . 😔 
USERNAME well why you ain't speak up ! ! ! omg ! them brownie bites ! ! ! :( 
someone hang out with me for a bitt i'm bored :( 
no thats fucked up angel . you were yelling at me :c 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! ! ! ! ): 
im still smiling thoo :(  @ my housee ! URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME jealous ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😔 😳 
awh his best friend just died infront of him 😥 😰 
forever missing my moms cooking right now . oh well thai kitchen and panda will have to do :( 
i hate being a girl . ! ): #cramps #eff you . 
just got a letter from nigga nate im stoked it made my day <3 i miss him thoe :'( 
are texts now are just good morning and good night that's it so i guess yu have better things to do than to talk to me </3 
USERNAME omg i sure would've stayed there this weekend if i remembered they were playing them . 😞 
USERNAME i sure will sissy , i wish u would have told me u were leaving i wanted to say bye :( 
USERNAME at least i know where mine is ... kmsl . #yomove 😪 😭 
i wonder if jj and his friend will wear my number on there faces for softball season .. like i wore there numbers .. lmfao probably not . :( 
morris college on the weekends <<<<<<<<< #garbagejuice 👎👎👎👎 😒 😒 😔 
USERNAME hey i have a bag of clothes in my trunk that don't fit rhiannon any more if you want them ? i heard wednesday is your last day 😔 
when the woman at tom ford told me that the violet fatale was $48, i said , nate didn't react so well .. i didn't get it .. :( 
it's not the goodbyes that hurt its the flashbacks because where ever i go there are memories of us .... 💔 #lettinggo 
USERNAME the poor guy deserves to know , i'm just saying it might backfire on you if she succeeds in making him believe her over you . 😞 
USERNAME :( aww well i just wanted to let u know im back in ga for a couple days 
thought i'd last a few weeks without a break down cry on the drive home ... so much for that 😢 
USERNAME studying for exams on mon & tues ! :/ :( thats why no twitterr .. 
USERNAME that was fast o.o and my pipe wabbit it broke :c 
ain't no way i'ma be able to watch this whole movie ! #thecolorpurple . #sadtweet . 
USERNAME sthu and get here already ! ! ! 😔 
thinking back to last year , you treated me horribly .. 😔 
now i know how USERNAME feels since it seems like USERNAME is taking all my friends away from me ! ! ! 😔 
i need to be stronger , but i can't 😔 , i always hid things and then cry for what i kept . 
USERNAME i wish i could afford the drive over there :( 
like i am getting emotional during this general hospital 😭 😭 
y se nos va :( @ john f . kennedy international airport (jfk) URL 
don't be judgemental everyone is different ! > :[ #hater 
i don't have my cuddle buddy or my little man tonight :( 
work in the morning . :( will be worth it bc i will have a 4 day weekend . 
i know i have a temperature ... my head is throbbing , i'm freezing , and my dad said i'm burning up 😰 😔 
the time i need you the most , you aren't here </3 
USERNAME i'm pretty sure it's a lie right ? 😣 
USERNAME lmfao ! ! ! not funny ! ! it's cold 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
when you're about to sit on your bean bag and your kitty lays down on it instead ... 😭 ✨🐱 lol 
USERNAME i wanna watch k state and oregon :( . 
USERNAME 1. sucks not being at nattys .. 2. i live in pa , shouldve made the trip to philly :( 
fuck you orgo i give up ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME i miss you bby ): we needa catch up , we dont have enough time at school .. haha 
me da güite por cruz azul , el subcampeonato se les está escapando :( 
why it's taking so long to get to my birthday :( 
if anyone loves me and wants to make my night please bring me a starbucks or boba pretty please please please 😔 
USERNAME please follow me , i would cry . 😭 💕 
un albolitoo sin regaloo asi me siientoo sin rd :( 
jut incurred the largest headache in the history of headaches :( 
i need a dutch ! lol this drive was so fuccin long 😣 
on tuesday it will 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
what i do for games now i regret it i look ugly and specially cuz im with a girl :( 
i'd do anything to be at wvu's game right now 😩 💔 
not likin the fact that my mom doesnt trust me 😩😫 😖 😕 😦 😑 
USERNAME me too but sadly rite aid is only part time :( 
i can barly breath for any air -_- . omg :( 
my heart is missing you so much it hurts . 💔 there has to be a reason for this though ... just wish i knew why . 
i hate seeing ppls cry , i always give em my two shoulders to lean on 😔 
i feel sad for some reason , that is not okay ! 😔 
USERNAME timely advice . at least she is doing all the xmas shopping , so that is something ... #straws #grasping 😭 
USERNAME going to miss y'all tomorrow ! i have a photo shoot i'm doing so i can't be there :( ) 
where are you sonny , please come back home :( URL 
i want to go out for a cigarette , but its so cold . :( #struggles 
i miss USERNAME so much you guys dont even know ): her , USERNAME and arlette were my bestfriends last year . they mean everything to me . 
i hate how no one in america watches soccer ... like i have no one to talk about the games with 😔 
USERNAME i don't wanna talk about it .. 😢 😢 😢 #sadpanda 
USERNAME ugh i'm jealous ! i wanna be there so bad . ): 
i'm acting so immature shame on me :( wtf is wrong with me :/ 
USERNAME donde puedo ver los juegos via internet ? quiero tirarme los juegos pero no encuentro donde :( 
USERNAME lol oh cx & that was a fail though :x damn i have to buy a new one :c oh well \(^-^)/ 
i feel like i haven't seen/talked to USERNAME in weeks 💔 
USERNAME idk what i'm gonna do :( (. i'm gonna miss youu 
when you don't have plans so you decide to go with your family then someone calls you the second you get in the car :( #pissed #letmeleave 
today one irritatting ass day g forreal 😤 😖 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME no ! i'm going to tennessee ! lol #nolife #nofriends 😢 
i need someone to rub my hair and cuddle with me . # :( 
USERNAME : see it's deff the complete opposite with me ! i think i bombed on the math section 😣 . 
going to bed soon got radiation treatment . cancer suck . :( USERNAME . can i get hi from fan as #cancer . fan of #vettel #braincancer 
USERNAME i heard ! ! my dvr didn't record it :( 
USERNAME once upon a time i had an orange kitten do that to me , and then my neighbor stole it , i was devastated 😭 😭 
USERNAME i can't make it ... i wish i could , i miss everyone ! :( 
USERNAME really miss you sorry i didn't call you back earlier we have the stomach bug at our house :( #poorconnor #loveyou 
when im chilling in the parking lot of walmart w . sarah and the car alarm goes off . we dont know what to do . #embarased #fml 
i really just want to clean and organize my closet . 😔 
this has probably been the worst day i've ever lived through . #depressed #ihatelife 
USERNAME have friends who are having babies , getting married going abroad on vacation getting promotions and i can not find a job :-( 
hopefully my mom brings up coco .. i miss my dog :( 
i only get jealous when i really like someone 😔 
you know it's bad when not even mcdonald's is cheering me up 😥 
much needed nap .... yet this throbbing headache is not helping ): 
raining at disneyland aint no joke , the parade started they falling and crap 😔 
hate having to make a new instagram i lost all my followers now :( ( 
USERNAME i'm just sad dude i liked him so much :( 
thanksgiving around the corner and ian got the strength to do anything w/o my auntie :( 
USERNAME i got duty this weekend… i gotta stay in :( 
missing my first montreal ufc :( doing the next best thing . .. go gsp ! ! (@ dave & buster's w/ 3 others) URL 
i always keep my hopes up too high . nothing's gonna happen . so why even try ? 😔 #giveup #fml 
need to be out of work and w my friends . 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME omg ikr . but i want jake and marley too :c 
soo sad my moms going on vaca for 2 weeks tomorrow morning 😢 🌅✈ 
he's leaving me tomorrow to go with my step mother :( 
when i listen to old spanish music it reminds me of when my dad and my mom were together 😒 😢 💔 
i just wanna go text courtney and watch basketball at my aunts but courtney won't text me back and we're parading around chicago :( 
frank ocean , drake , and the weeknd are the 3 cures for sleep , mixed feelings , and heartbreaks ... </3 
USERNAME oh poor thing :( your still cool for letting then do that , my mom would have nixed it in the butt 
USERNAME i wish i lived up there already cuz the drive to polaris sounds like hell . i'm all warm under my blanky 😔 
my food needs to hurry up , i'm bored and starving at work :( 
sitting in my living room drinking by myself ad somewhere along the line i got drunk . wtf . i don't even drink 😕 😞 
and i watch in the mirror as the heartbreak rolls down my face </3 
USERNAME yeah ik ugh i just idk anymore he's the only one i wana take serious idk karen :( 
after listening to those songs i'm likee in a depressed mood :'( 
who let USERNAME have black velvet ? i want to play :( #sickgirlprobs have fun i love you ! ! ! 
i think i broke my toe .. i dropped a can of sweet potatoes on itt . :'( 
someone bring me soup to make me feel better 😣 
i never watched this twilight shit for a reason #fml #moviesucks 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME bc i tried once and couldn't turn my head fast enough and always got shot :( lol 
i have this intensified pink 🌳🌳polish on today ! 😔 
USERNAME no way ! i could barely see minnie mouse :( lol 
USERNAME phone died on me :( wish mine died first lol 
hoping #redbull realize that a lot fans as cancer . #braincancer like me . USERNAME #fanofvettel . wish he new :( mean a lot to be 
USERNAME 😔 ihave to do it all ova again tomorr 
USERNAME my ipad cried because it couldn’t watch it . :( 
i hate when cuteass boys try talk to ugly ass girls like tfuuck ? 😞 😞 
i wish verizon was having a black friday sale like t-mobile 😔 the galaxy would be free 
USERNAME oh no ! :( you shouldn't of payed her ! ! 
USERNAME awwh , i wish i went . :c but i bet it was nice seeing tyga . haha' 
USERNAME glad to see i missed a great day at kings . knew i shoulda quit my job 😭 
when you dont like doing some thing but you do it to make someone else happy besides yourself :( 
i'm going to shoot my nose off if it does not stop running and sneezing # ): 
apple cinnamon oil burning ... mm .... signing xmas cards ... missing some addresses .... :( ~~{~{{@ 
why is USERNAME making me listen to christmas music on november 17 .... 😧 
USERNAME he should be watching this jump fest - if the 70 year old lady next door was home i'd have her come over and sit with me 😦 
USERNAME you lied 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
ik who i want to take me home . :( 
USERNAME i miss you 💔 💔 💔 💔 alot tho . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wish you were here kelly ! ! ! 😔 
uhm we going to see dottie in the hospital 😞 
lol 😔 😳 im camera awkward rt USERNAME dang jonathan look scared 
fuck .. i wanna go out tonite .. but i got 2 essays and a book report due monday 😔 
it makes me sad when i look at my hair and don't see it long anymore . :( 
omg wtf is goin on ? ! ? yal's tweets are freaking me out 😥 
wish he'll talk to me , guess i have to give him space 😔 
USERNAME this makes being optimistic look stupid as fuck :( .. which puts me in a pessimistic mood . #counterproductive 
see .. 😔 USERNAME @ west memphis , ak URL 
USERNAME is this what i think it is ? #ughh :( 
USERNAME i know :( he has ten amazing tickets and now he's not even going ... he gave them all away-___- i'm so pissed 
this is never going to happen again . i hate being alone . 😢 
missing USERNAME all the time . now missing her 10x more :( 
USERNAME she's so pwitty but never talks to me anymore :'( 
😔 rt USERNAME right rt USERNAME dang jonathan look scared 
yeah , i really miss how things were with me and #oomf 😔 
USERNAME oh man ! that sucks . ): i'm just glad i'm not working so i can watch it ! hahaha . 
😔 😒 😒 rt USERNAME dang mccoullough it’s just p***y lmao ! 
USERNAME lol i'm in walmart and i literally laughed out loud ! but i didn't drive to eastgate :( 
soo sad i'm not at the game right now :( ((((( 
i need more people with imessage to text . 😢 
USERNAME tell me about it ! ! ! #missyou #fml :( 
USERNAME shutup ! haha , he keeps messaging me ): 
lining up for the national anthem before a game and not holding hands with USERNAME and USERNAME 😢 
i'm at my lonely hotel bed . :( (louisville , ky) URL 
why do i care so much for a person ... who dosnt care bac </3 
USERNAME haha be quiet ! ! 😔 it's not my fault i lose things easily 
USERNAME i know :( i just never pay attention . i need to hire a driver lol . 
i'm at in a bad place :( (ashland , ky) URL 
hush . there is no need to rub it in . :( 
light headed , stomach hurting , and got to go to work til 5 a . m . #fml 
USERNAME you should dm me it so we can avoid these tears :( 
dis song walk away by paula gt me missn oomf :( 
omg i swear if i cant go see USERNAME on august ima die ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😫 😢 😩 😥 😣 😞 
it's 8 o'clock , 52 degrees , i've been here for 4 hours , and my bros game just started . not the way i wanted to spend my saturday night . #fml 
i wish i had friends to hang out with 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME aww :( ((( yea me niether i was comming in on the train from ct so i couldnt get there real early 
USERNAME umm you should feel sorry for me . had tone in uniform . couldn't even wear my jacket . :( 
frooze my ass off at costal to see csu lose 😔 😒 #winsomelosesome #funday 
i regret not giving you my # :( shouldve done it 
nothing like getting keys thrown at me across the room thanks USERNAME :( 
USERNAME i wish i was moving to la 😭 😭 😭 but okay i get off at 8 so ill let you know 
went up into mosers with an all grey ensemble on hair nasty no make up . being sick is no fun 😞 
USERNAME should i change my name back to sara ? since your not going to follow me 😿 🙀 
USERNAME i feel like a loner ... my roomates all left and everyone i hangout is gone .... :( 
i'm really craving that burger i left at USERNAME 's house :( 
😢 i hate getting a call telling me my best friend has been on a horrible car wreck . i wish i was home ! 
last week of this entire year that i can wear nailpolish 💔 👎 😢 #culinaryfucksmehard 
dammnn i haven't updated my iphone 5 😔 😔 😔 #tiredtweet 
i just left everything everyone says get to me . 😔 
so no more twinkies ... again .... ever ? ? ! ! ! :'( #butilovetwinkies ! ! -__- 
im like the little sister , she never had :( 
USERNAME baby my phone died :( so we gotta talk here lmfao 
but too bad my best friend left me already 😔 she better hurry back ! 
i hate working over night specially weekends wen everybody calls me to go out :( 
im so cold , curled up in a ball crying ... fml ! ! :( 
#r . i . p . twink gone but neva forgotten 🙏🙏 😭 😭 😥 😢 😰 😿 💦💧🔥👎💩 @ c . i . a avery's house URL 
i feel old .. i can understand now . im sorry :( 
i'm getting a little tired of my avi . ): 
it's been to long and i'm lost without you 💔 
USERNAME i changed my name to emblem where is my follow ? ): 
i just let everything everyone says get to me . 😔 💔 
but i really wish i was cheering on the boys right now :( ( 
i want a new fitted hat :( (@ lids) URL 
so many words for the broken heart .. 💔 🎶 
professor john mearsheimer's perceptive analysis on recent israeli-palestinian conflict (in london review of books ): URL 
USERNAME noo ... he did it on purpose i know itt 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME you are breaking my heart with your tweets ... 💔 #gotech 
how could you cheat on such a beautiful girl like that #nasty #ew 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
miss my husband i wish he was home to cuddle . 😞 
USERNAME ehh no :( all my roomies are not going out tonight ! 
i'm about to start crying ... i hate you , evil-teddy-bear-idk-the-name-of ! how dare u turn buzz evil & break up barbie & ken ? ! #toystory3 > :( 
USERNAME i would cry if you followed me ! but please do it , they would be tears of happiness ! 😭 pleasee💕 i love you 😘 
ordered what i thought was a $12.50 bucket . ended up being $21 bc ultra wasn't included , which the bartender failed to mention :( 
USERNAME im so serious . i am not failling that class , i hate english :( 
charles is depressed ! 😔 he needs another fishy friend ! who wants to go fish shopping with me ? ! ? ! 🐠 😊 
USERNAME ahh my heart dropped when i saw you get hurt 😢 lmk if you need anything . praying for you swole ! ! 
s/o to USERNAME for always having good tweets . would say more but we hardly know each other . 😔 
roping the fastlane .. by myself :( miss my roping partner USERNAME 
USERNAME so many words for the broken heart 💔 🎶 
USERNAME yes but they will always need more drama ! they don’t let us buy the show on itunes in canada :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry if i had known we would have invited you ): 
a smell can bring back a lifetime of memories ... 💔 
USERNAME why ? i haven't we talked to my brother in months 😳 😔 👎 
USERNAME USERNAME im here tonight its the eli young band concert you had to buy tickets :( 
when having a baby but no babysitter ruins your plans :( <<<<<< 
band at football games is the closes i get to a party with friends 😔 👎 #bandnerd #lame 
i was in a good mood today . until i decided to do my algebra homework . now i'm in a horrible mood . #screwmath > :( 
USERNAME wish i could be there ! ! ! :( 
what is my life going to consist of on saturdays now that we'll have no more home football games till next august ... 😭 
USERNAME i don't know i'm home doing home work that i should of done a month ago and my sisters are working :( 
ew . just had a dream that i woke up & got ready for school monday when we obvi don't have any so it was a waste of time . what a cliche . :( 
USERNAME we didn't go ! 😔 what are you doing ? ? 
my mom doesn't know who ron jeremy is . what the fuck ? ! 😦 😦 
these battle scars , dont look like there fading , dont look like there ever going away , they ain't ever gonna change . 💔 
USERNAME i'm picking up toys not at all happy :( 
i hate seeing other people sad more than i hate being sad myself 😔 
i haven't cried this much in a long time 😭 
USERNAME hmm that's awks i'm sorry :( poop . 💩 
USERNAME aww :( i mean for a turtle ? a lot of money ? wow 
the only time i would be able to see him is in school 😔 
hmpt :( wish i was cheering on ben too :( 
can midterms just be over so i can go to disneyland 😔 
USERNAME i mean i haven't talked to my brother in month 😔 😡 👎 
that moment you lose respect for that person uou used to like .. </3 
USERNAME i know 😔 life sucks without a license . 
today's my moms birthday but i didn't get to hang out or see her , i worked and she's in atlantic city ): 💔 
extrañare a mi compañera de ttc :( USERNAME buen viaje ! 
roping the fastlane .. by myself 😢 . miss my roping partner USERNAME URL 
USERNAME USERNAME i should have told you ! 😞 idk why i didn't ! #ifailatlife 
how ian gotta go to shades valley high school :( ((( 
USERNAME aww :( get yourself to a walgreens ! ! ! 
USERNAME tweet them- i blew up the sideline reporters twitter at boise state a few weeks ago- they weren't pronouncing boy-see correct :( 
nothing like having a guy flirt with you for 20 min then their wife walks up and says ... #fml 
sleeping in my old bed . i miss it :( #socomfortable 
i . twee t.t his . weekly . rt USERNAME a is no longer a kickback once it hits twitter bruh . good luck wit that 
i wish one day i will get change with you 💔 😔 
mom thought she was cool texting with my sister . #imissmyphone :c URL 
USERNAME cry me a river 😭 . i'm putting in more then you . i won't have another day till next saturday . i'm working thanksgiving as well . 
i love you jacoby ! i'll see ya soon ! ❤ 😭 everyone please check this out URL 
USERNAME now that i think about it your right :-( 
to all those ppl who cut , i want you to know that you are beautiful . stop it , if you dont i will craii . ): 
USERNAME i know drew isn't going to follow me back 😭 💔 
USERNAME he's different that's why , thanks tho love u :( 
fucking sucks living all the way up here in west jordan , i have no way of getting to places unless i have a car :( 
USERNAME she graduated already omgg so happy for her ahh man :( i was sweating it for nothing haha we should all hang out 
spent waay too much money today :( i always do this ! #ohwell 
USERNAME rawr , no :( have fun for me ! heard the weather is cold .... ! ! ! 
i need to renew my live membership 😱 😱 😢 😢 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 not fair ! why today ! ? 
this weather fucks up your lips dawg , lol wtv . not like i'm gonna kiss anybody anyways v.v 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm very sorry to hear that , that's not two niggaz off livewire that got hit . damn , i'm speechless :( 
i've heard so many great things about #twilight breaking dawn pt . 2 i want to see it ! 😒 😔 
USERNAME retweets everybody . & then theres me .. :c lol 
someone come over i dont care who just come 😔 
#rip to hostess twinkies , cupcakes , donuts , etc . 😭 😔 💀 
USERNAME i get notifications but it doesn't come when i go to look at it ! :( boo ! 
USERNAME i miss ya too ): i didn't do my lab yet ugh so dreading it 
i never kneww how much i likedd him untill today ... 💔 
USERNAME omg :( cus im leaving in a hr i didn't uh #fail .... , next time lol :( ill remember ! ! ! ! 
i miss having this class with you guys .. 😢 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
why am i throwing up 😭 😷 😭 😭 😭 😢 
USERNAME show me in health on tuesday bro . lmaoo 😭 
can't help but get teary eyed every time i bring the subject up or think about it 😞 
i look happy on the outside but inside i'm hurting and deserve better 💔 👎 
rest in peace auntie brenna seven years gone .... :'( 
USERNAME oh yeah i have to be at work by 4 😔 
i just realized that my birthday is in less than 3 weeks ! ! ! i feel so old ! ! ! i think imma cry all day that day😫😫 😭 😭 😭 
i know that nothing i can say can bring you back but your in a better place now r . i . p boogie 😔 😢 
never get anything i want . officially giving up 😔 . no point anymore #upset 
bought cereal cause i was craving cereal & milk , get home , milk is expired . :( #noo 
USERNAME USERNAME and this is why he's getting kicked in the nuts > :( 
USERNAME hahahah i' know man i'm just kidding w/you .. we'll see next weekend(; & miss you to big guy , where you been man ? :( lol 
aww , hearing lotso's story makes me so sad ... :'( but daisy was little ! she didn't mean to do that to you , lotso . #toystory3 
i want to go to sleep but i can't ! :( 
my bestfriends gonna be gone for 2 weeks ! #wahh #missheralready USERNAME #sadtweet 😩 
USERNAME last time i was in florida i played at the #ritzcarlton i wanted to play bay hill but my friend waited around too long :-( 
should've gotten the black north face jacket like my baby chief keef :( 
USERNAME omg i was so gone , i didn't even remember going home lol i missed you thoughh i wish you came :( 
er time 😢 😷 😖 #sick #thissucks #er #emergencyroom #hospital #ihatehospitals #hu @ boca raton regional hospital URL 
USERNAME :/ idk i still have hope he is lmao ugh i hate this feeling :( 
after everything my dads done to this family i my heart is not whole anymore 💔 👎 it's in pieces & i haven't even had my first boyfriend yet 😢 😰 
USERNAME ahh . mia with school & work . :( you ? 
i wish i lived with my god mom i hate it here :( 
USERNAME 20 years too late , for #albania proper , to discover balkan nationalism . always ends badly :( 
after URL i was briefly flooded w/info of USERNAME inc's unchallenged abuse . history repeats . :( sa URL 
this is really taking a toll on me 😢 😢 😩 😞 
really wanna go watch breaking dawn part 2 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😁 😔 
when my girlfriend gets back i will be so much happier i was i could have come up with her this has been the worst week :( USERNAME 
USERNAME 😱 for what ? ? ? ? ? 😢 just give it to me , me likyy heated seats . 👍 
my bestfriend is leaving me to go with her bf :'( 
rip balasaheb thackeray ... we've lost a great cartoonist , consummate orator , fearless leader .. every maharashtrian is feeling low today .. :( 
what is happening on my tv right now ? this is not k-state . 😭 
back again and she's worse :( (@ mercy anderson er) URL 
i tried so hard not to cry at the end of breaking dawn .. but it didn't work out . 😢 
USERNAME yeah ): i'm off at 6 on saterday . 
USERNAME well . . burn yo phone . . :c 
fuck online tests , especially over thanksgiving break #ijustbombedthat #fml 
👎 thanks a lot . 😭 don't want to be home at all . #takemeaway 
USERNAME i know :( i'm sitting on the couch between momma and poppa bradley . 
i usually say things i dont mean and regret them later . </3 . #imsorry 
i tried so hard not to cry at the end of breaking dawn .. but it didn't work out . 😢 
looking at my phone depresses me :( stupid concrete cracked the screen 
USERNAME USERNAME he said he's giving his thumb a rest now :( oh well 
rmac volleyball championship match (set 1 ): regis 6, colorado mines 2 #rmacvb 
i actually wanna drink and have no where to do it 😔 #sadtweet 
USERNAME rasheel i would've hung out tonight . but joes with me . an i know you don't like joe . 😞 
i guess i'll just re-fold the covers for the spare bed since grandma won't be visiting this weekend for the kiddo birthday party . :( 
i really wanna work out .... i feel fat :( 
i want pier fries & fried dough .. why can't it be summer 😞 
i can't believe jimmy doesn't smoke , i wanted to match with him . 😔 
best twilight movie hands down , i don't care what y'all say . i'm sad it's over 😢 
my head done started hurting for whatever reason ! 😔 
going in pet stores and getting so sa d: ( it reminds me of charlie ! ! ! #sadtweet #iwantallthepuppies 
i tried so hard not to cry at the end of breaking dawn .. but it didn't work out . 😢 
i wish i could get one last hug & kiss from my little brother 😔 
USERNAME that's what i was thinking too , and my adtr lyrics but idfk where 😔 
USERNAME look at this bs ! it won't let me use your last name :( ((( URL 
wish my kiddies were home 😢 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ❤ 💜 💙 💛 💚 
pissed off cuz my school called and said i was absent yesterday 😔 
i have a sudden urge to #knit but have no #yarn ... :-( 
the reason i have a hard time getting into another relationship is cause i can't move on or forget him because my feelings got fucked with 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME he didn't :( i'm not jealous , i'm lonely :/ 
travis that tweet wasn't towards you , just the hi travis one was ! ! :( 
can someone lemme borrow their damn laptop though :( (((( 
:( , still no reply . im getting worried .. 
rt- USERNAME cold toilet seats <<<<<< 😣 😖 😫 😕 . - lmao 
been apart from my girlfriend for almost 48 hours . it's heart breaking 💔 USERNAME 
USERNAME at all ? ? ? noo . :( well in a month then .. in the mean time snapchat .. 
USERNAME USERNAME no one drinking its just me USERNAME n her boo boo sleep on the couch 😔 
just had a pretzel and it made me miss USERNAME :( 
USERNAME neither can i , and i don't feel good ): 
i think i can , i think i can . 😔 
"USERNAME it's my birthday in 4 hours  URL wish i could be dhere ): 
USERNAME please help me all i wanted to do is meet my idol justin :( 
i'm pretty much the only person i know that listens to mumford & sons 😔 
USERNAME ohh yeah ! you left though and you didn't take shots with mee :( 
i love finding little reasons to get pretty , i wish i had somewhere to go and get dressed up . 😔 👗👠🎀 
USERNAME simm , lindos , não ? ): sou apx por esse icon 
USERNAME talk to me babe . or count sheep cause you prolly won't see this :( 
USERNAME i'm dying alone , no country boy for me #sadtweet 
awesome “USERNAME les miles . somewhat , esque in an emotional post game statement (f-bomb ): URL 
USERNAME i forgot my password & can't make a new one for some reason 😭 
change of plans ... getting me another iphone ... :( ( (it better work this time) 
congratulations , will & sam ! so happy for you ! ! 😭 👰💍 @ chicago marriott o'hare URL 
USERNAME USERNAME no words .. just a sad face :( 
ugh i hate when things are so hard 👎 😔 
super jealous that USERNAME is going to USERNAME without the funnest person ever (mee) 🎶 😭 
USERNAME i'm sorry . ): i hope you get some sleep ! 
USERNAME me either :( i love you ! try and get some sleep , you probably have a big day tomorrow . <3 
whoever has gotten their wisdom teeth pulled and didn't cry , i give you props ! i'm a huge baby right now 😭 
came out of olive garden and saw a man with his baby asking for money cuz they were homeless :( #makesmesad #wishicouldhelp #weareallucky 
USERNAME no i miss it i can't believe . it 😔 
that one person i want to sit down and talk everything about . denys me infrount of his friends , and takes advantage that im still here . :'( 
why has my hair gotten so thin ! ! :( 
my lil sis USERNAME played tf outta me again ! talk about mom neglecting ! 😢 
i yelled back that i always do and showed the waste bags attached to bacon's leash . shaun never gets yelled at :-( 
never thought about it like that . but he will be lucky to get a good meal a day , and we feast every day . :( 
i really fucking miss my sister USERNAME feels like i'm loosing her :( 
didn't make it to the parade . 😔 my weekend officially sucks . 
USERNAME :-( i'm sorry . what time is it where you're at ? 
USERNAME just once i wish i could be in your arms and that you would hold me tight and tell me everything is alright :/ </3 
USERNAME same :( decided to listen to the album to help me fall alseep . you just gonna chill till your tired ? 
USERNAME :( james brown ... i feel good ? no ? okay forget it 😔 
at the hospital wit my 👼. her don't feel we'll 😔 @ children's healthcare of atlanta at egleston URL 
#lrt noo kid cudi noo wtf whyy </3 . my heart is broken aw :( 
the fact that i had everything i every wanted and life was great a month ago ... now i've lost everything & life has sucked .<< 😔 😭 #badnight 
my puppy isn't gonna be there when i go home . wtf . #sadtweet 
the last time we dropped him off at the airport :( URL 
USERNAME sorry ): i didn't sleep at all last night ): 
i do wanna go out ... but i cant cause i dont want no one to see me :c 
i have everything i could ever want but there's still something missing 😔 😪 
damn , it's 'don't text baylee back when she is freaking out' day i swear 😒 😔 
how's kevin going to knock master chief on the ground and not pick him back up :( 
USERNAME im sick of my long hairr ! i cant do anything with it its too heavy :( 
i guess my best friend USERNAME hates me now since she never talks to me anymore 😔 💔 
USERNAME :( you'll be ok ! struggle through the awkwardness ! ! <3 
USERNAME missed it , but i assume the cardinal dominated them ? by the way , see what i meant about mm ? 😔 
i hope this week goes by fast . i really do . i just want to eat turkey , see joc and my babe when he comes home :( 
whenever someone from school asks me about my little brother it breaks my heart . it sucks not having him here with me . 💔 
USERNAME this is also true . just fuck life and love honestly . wahh :( why you so far awayy i need a hug ! lmaoo 
USERNAME im sorry ! ! ! ! :( when can we do things ? ! 
gees ! ! ! i'm over here at work while everyone is at santas enchanted forest ! ! i'm so mad lol 😣 😢 😣 
just gonna slowly let go of what we had </3 
USERNAME omgg that's awful 😔 play your iphone on speaker hahahaha 
with a sign on my back saying 'kick me' reality ruined my life :'( URL 
wahh no i have to stay here this sucks :( URL 
USERNAME USERNAME one year that i meet y'all :( when u guys will come back in brazil ? ? please <3 
USERNAME i would of :( but we already up heree boo boo 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME idk i'm just chillen probably ain't gonna drink .. 😣 
y am i watching glee right now when ive missed so much ? i didnt kno finn and rachel broke up nor did i know blaine and kurt broke up . wtf :( 
currently sitting at the same exact table i sat at in summer of 09. #memories #sadtweet 
USERNAME wow that makes me hate you even more . :( 
there's always that one person you'll never get over , no matter how many time's you try . 😔 
USERNAME just follow me back please what will it take 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME oh yeah that's good . i work all weekend :( wouldn't be bad if it wasn't an hour drive there and back 
wish i could just drive home for the weekend like everyone around me 💔 🚘 #outofstateprobz ✈ 
yall i think USERNAME forgot about me .. #sadtweet . 
no id 😭 😡 looks like i'm staying in ! ffuucckk ! ! ! 
love me like you loved me when you loved me & you didn't have to try </3 
some people , are meant to fall in love with each other , but not meant to be together . 😔 
USERNAME were bothh in the same mood right now . #depression 
i just keep telling myself it'll all be worth it in the end , i just want him here 😢 
USERNAME im tired im sorry ! ! i don't know what happened ! i always know there green ! ! ! ! 😭 😰 #ihatemyself #neverforgivingmyself 
sad day for usc who lost football game to thier crosstown rivalry ucla today ... 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
just cried when i realized zingers are made by hostess 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME sure sam sure its like u don't care anymore :( lol 
rest in peace uncle yusuf , you have no idea how much of an inspiration you were and still are . #takesonephonecall to ruin your day :( 
it's cold here . :( (@ charlotte douglas international airport (clt) w/ USERNAME URL 
what am i gonna do without USERNAME and USERNAME next year 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME have you not seen that movie ? 😧 
dear god , thank you for today , yesterday , tomorrow and forever , i'm thankful of my life . 😔 🙏 
comin to see breaking dawn again ! :( (@ nile theatre) [pic]: URL 
if USERNAME seriously stopped raping i'm gonna stop listening to rap and just listen to country music all day :c 
not even 😭 it's you , you never can be nice to me . 
wah wah wah i miss USERNAME so much right meow , my little baby ! ! come home already :( she's my only friend ! lol jk but still ! ! ! #gf #baby 
USERNAME not at all :( sorry ... small med large ? ? ? not much help 
USERNAME you have the capacity of getting tan though .. i don't think i've ever been tan :( 
USERNAME hahah sing to me ! :( yours is too especially wen you sing camp rock songs <3 
sometimes i feel like people look at me like i'm fake because i'm nice . can't a girl just be genuinely nice ? :( it makes me sad . 
why do hondas only go to the car show ? #sadtweet 
USERNAME aww i've been in tupelo for hrs waiting on you to tweet back :( weston and i was gonna come & visit you ! 
USERNAME it's my birthday in about 3 hours please please please follow me :( 
i wish i had someone to go watch twilight with :( 
someone asked ash if i was mean cause i looked like it . lol i'm sorry people this is the face i'm born with . i'm actually really nice . 😔 
that feeling when you're getting sick .. ): #bahh #dadwheresmysoupy 
my mom just told me i came out to be baga .. :( 
twilight was the best movie ever ! i started crying ! 😭 😁 
i've heard so many great things about #twilightbreakingdawn 🎬part 2 ! i want to see it ! 😒 😔 
i can't breath when you touching me . i'm suffocating when you talk to me 💔 
kinda sad i won't be seeing my family over thanksgiving break . 😔 
USERNAME is trying to say in 'irresistible' that heartache doesn't last forever when we all know it eats at your heart every second 💔 
USERNAME your video on camflare is a black screen ... :-( i was hoping to see some of you ... 20 tokens down the drain ... 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME watching the first btr episode i'm crying you guys came so far ilyg . 😢 ❤ 
USERNAME not me :( she just dropped me off ... come gett mee plzz 
i was suppose to have a facetime date with USERNAME , but idk what happened . 😔 lol 
USERNAME awe :( sorry babe , hope you sleep well whenever you finally go to sleep ! ! <3 xx 
just when i think things are going my way i get pushed back ! 😔 
this only person to txt me all day is russ hammer . my life is a joke 😔 #single #loser hahahahaha 
USERNAME woord to that tanner ! ps miss you ain't seen you forever :( 
USERNAME you have to invest in some nail polish remover wipes . i wish you would have gotten a prettier color so ill actually wear it :( 💅 
broke like 3 hangers in less than 5 minutes . looks like i have to go buy some more tomorrow . 😔 
you know im truely struggling when i go to my mom and cry .. </3 
😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 😔 USERNAME tried to bring my brother to the w/ me but he was acting funny smh” 
thats why i try not to get my hopes up cuz in the end the bigger fanbase wins :( USERNAME 
USERNAME i wanted to kill myself . and of course brenda took 20 years to make two drinks , and i spilled a venti mocha on myself 😔 
i miss my sister so much .. huh . i haventt seen her since i hugged her when she left me up here . now idk when i'll see her again . :( ( 
USERNAME thanks . me and USERNAME are feeling the love . 😭 
USERNAME i ended up having a school thing ... i realized that today also . :( 
USERNAME sorry i was on the phone ... didnt hear it :( 
seeing USERNAME follow everyone but me and USERNAME makes me sad :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME she don't feel good i don't want all kinda people here sorry i thought just y'all two was coming 😞 
i hate getting my period . all i wanna do is stick my face in a bowl of chocolate and cry watching a julia roberts movie 🍫🍪 😢 
my hat is gone ... the world is a lot different out there ... smh :'( 
i deffs thought it was 8 and i was off .. turned out its only 7 :( #wannagohome #sore 
good move rt USERNAME my friends just made me leave a restaurant where ryan gosling was so now i have no friends :( 
she is responsible for your smile , so be responsible with her heart . 😔 ♥ 
USERNAME kk ai geente vou chorar viu kk :( morrendo apx 
USERNAME haha i'm not married ! :( or a whore ! lol 
how you gonna come in my store like that .. with those boots on . after you set and watched me mop ? ? 😞 😠 maan gtfo ! 
USERNAME USERNAME that's the cheapest i've found so far and that's out of dallas i just don't have that lying around right now 😔 
omg ouch ! ! ! ughh ! ! ! i feel like i'm dying ! ! ! 😩😩😫 😢 😫 😢 😰 😰 😵 
i tried to call both USERNAME & USERNAME & neither of them answered #sadface # </3 
nothing gets me more than seeing someone at a restaurant eating alone 😢 
USERNAME 😞 oh wait . you still can't see that . 
i can't believe twilight is over . #whatthehell 😭 💔 🌙 
USERNAME wow , there's no me && myron :/ we're tryna end us unfortunately :'( (tears) 
well to the hospital i go ! #fml #gonnadie #somuchpain 
USERNAME i didnt come today because i gotta cold and it was raining :( 
where do homeless people go when it snows ? :( 
USERNAME please dm or something , please talk to me i'm really bored ! and no one will talk to me . i feel so alone . :( 
i would give anything to feel better right now . 😔 
but he won't let me have it . 😢 😪 😥 😰 👎 
i want something good to happen to me for once :( 
USERNAME :( sorry babe . hope everything turns around . 
the fact that i can't get home right now is killing me ): 
hopefully i can make the next party :'( ..... if i feel up to it i'll stop by for a little bit 
last time i came to the riff house it was with abre ): 
USERNAME single now so i guess i'm gonna have to 😞 😒 
i'm stuck in the hood when i could've been in orlando fml 😒 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm not sure but i'm sufficiently confused . 😣 
USERNAME awe i know 😭 do you wanna go shopping with me tomorrow ? 
guess its just me and all my lonesome tonight 😞 
USERNAME i seriously just cried when i read that . i think i died a little when no said you can't come :( 
USERNAME yerp monday ima be busy all day i'm goin to the aushwitz of america (home depot) and fix that shit… #fml 
USERNAME i find it more sad when dobby dies than almost any other character :'( 
can't wait to see my brother meechie when i get home ! ! ! he was locked up for like 2 years 😔 
USERNAME i only have two dark pairs that fit me :( 
ugh . so sleepy its crazy . up and getting ready for job #2 .... omgee :( 
indeed . i wouldn't be able to function 😔 😕 
if you make me happy i will love you 😔 ❤ 
USERNAME ughh ! boo you whore👎 😔 lol jk i forgive u 😉 😘 
when you look into my babies eyes they're all white and cloudy because he is going blind :( i just love him so much :( 🐶 
so used to seeing hp previews when i go to the movies 😔 
USERNAME whatt noo ! ah damn :( me and USERNAME havent even played it yet ffs 
just wants to watch sad movies so i actually have a reason to cry #imissyou 😥 
elliott isn't here tonight . :-( (@ main street electrical parade w/ 5 others) URL 
to bad that the camp we're staying at tonight has no internet , cell service , or cable 😥 
when you're in public and you see an attractive person ... and you'll never get to see them again . :( 
shitty end to my day :( #badday #fuck # :( 
USERNAME you never asked me to go . :-( neither one is good for you ... 
USERNAME your so mean 💔 hahah my ass wanted to walk home wtf is my problem , and no thier cool 🙊 😊 you need to upgrade . 
soo much cute stuff at the mall :/ broke as a joke everyday </3 #shopaholic 
tis a sad sad day :( no more chocodiles ! ! @ target URL 
i wish i still lived in the valley ! :( 
USERNAME you will get your ass whipped little girl 😔 
i'm gonna need USERNAME to come home now :( #missyou 💜 
doesn't bring her back . shut the fuck up . :'( 
i got ready for the party but instead i changed in sweats lol too lazy :( 
i'm afraid to tell you how i feel because i think it's gonna ruin our friendship 😔 
USERNAME sr vì dạo này tui k quan tâm cậu như ngày trước :( cơ bản là bởi vì tui đang buồn cậu ạ :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME she ain't gonna let me get the whip 😔 
just stopped by his house :'( #rip thomas keys <3 
“USERNAME i'm so glad i have my ... omg where's my stress ball ? ! USERNAME USERNAME rip stress ball :( 
USERNAME i'm not home ! i'm at a party . 😭 😭 
im mad asf tho , i got cake all over me :( 
USERNAME i know :( ill keep your mind off of him .. i think we need friendly gus again ! kmsl . 
today made me really miss being on south :( #bittersweet 
USERNAME call me tonight :( you be talking bout white bitches lol 
hopefully i wake up and tomorrow is a better day 😔 👎 
USERNAME we saw the hot guys at partridge as we were leaving ! :( 
USERNAME haha yay ! we'll see my best friend is in town so i may not make it :( 
USERNAME i just died , you followed me . 😭 💕 
kim ... thatlilchicagocub ofyoursomygdie ! ! ! #socuute ! #nlc •USERNAME saidhollalol&hiswifey:0 ): 0 ): 0) 
listening to old songs by: beyonce , r . kelly , the pussycat dolls , usher , the all american rejects , rihanna ... etc </3 #inmyfeelings 
USERNAME i've been hiding either in the lib or home . that's what school does to me 😭 😭 😭 you ? 
i be bored as fuck at home , & me having adhd not having anything to do is bad 😣 
i'm only getting wet cause i'm pumping gas but damn i feel bad for people that gotta walk/wait in this rain . 😔 
USERNAME yeah , in the books , their definitely even , but yeah , the movie really glazed over his death :( 
USERNAME bue , entonces lo hago yo .|. ah , son míos > :c . 
omg ! i feel soo bad . . . #sick :-/ :'( #wish someone could take care of me gotta do it myself 
hate that im gonna be graduated when USERNAME finally gets to upper school 😢 
USERNAME oh my gosh yes ! i want to go see it again ! 😭 
USERNAME omg lu i miss you guys soo much ))': i wanna come back ): 
USERNAME that’s k . i . t.t ! from before you were born probably ! 
i'm sitting here carrying on a conversation with my mom because absolutely nobody is texting me :( 
watching breaking dawn made me sad because i have nobody to love me :c 
i hate seeing people change in a negative way ... you used to be so sweet 😔 
i wish i was in dallas partying it up wih my main girls ! #sadtweet 
my tummy is so angry at me right now ! ! 😔 😫 😖 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i agree that cece should've gone home ... can't believe she's lasted this long ! horrible , shaky voice 😣 
wish that was about me ... but i know it's not 😔 
can't wait to see my baby sister tomorrow . #missher 😔 💜 
i wish i was spending my night with you </3 
USERNAME of course even though i'm a michigan fan i would like to see msu go to a bowl ! i wish nebraska would lose . 😥 👎 
i wish me and my meow didn't have to work or go to school so i could see her whenever i wanted ... cause i sure miss her . #sadtweet USERNAME 
USERNAME 😥 i'm sorry . i'm sure she was a good dog . 
it's been a while since iv stayed home all saturday :( 
i miss him more than anything . 💙 😢 URL 
i literally just punted riley i feel soo bad 😿 
i can't wait until my son gets here i just be so lonely :( 
im already having withdrawals from my best friend :( USERNAME 
nothing like falling sleep on the subway and missing your stop on the way home #freetransfer #fml #snoozebutton 
we're not friends , we're strangers with memories . 😔 😒 
my brother made me leave his room so he could play black ops 2 by himself 😢 
USERNAME i don't wanna appropriate stuff ! navigating the waters is tricky :c 
USERNAME uh oh :( what happened ? ! ? ! ? 
i just miss my boyfriend , like alot . please never leave again ! ! ! this sucks ! :{ 
feel like i got hit by a box of vhs's ! ! :( 
it's like someone took the cd in my car and scratched it on my favorite song :( 
i fkn hate it when people txt me with dots is like ththey trynna talk with me with attitude -.- :( 
USERNAME alan i feel like a bitch because i didn't give you a hug today .. like i feel so rude . i'm sorry . ): 
i had never been to a funeral until today . #sadtweet . 
no one knows how much its hurting me right now :( 
should not have chiefed before i came to dinner with my grandparents 😞 😣 😖 
why oh why did i take my nose ring out :( 
i just wanna cook thanksgiving dinner for all my friends already 😢 🍗 USERNAME 
i wanna see USERNAME but shes waay to far away :( 
USERNAME USERNAME umm ... not really . lmfao ! it's probably cause im not as badass as you . :( maybe one day . :( 
i cried like such a pussy when my brother left the baby shower :'( 
it's wierd texting him after we had a huge fight 😔 
USERNAME well that's a given , but i wish i could've been given free tickets for something i love :( 
was wondering why i was feeling bummed , then got on twitter an figured it out ... i'm missing #ufc154 :( downside to no family here in atx 
i painted my nails brown .. too bad my skins brown and they just blend in 😔 #fail #blackgirlprobz 
jeffree star is retweeting everyone but not me :c lmao i still love u bby ;* 
USERNAME oh dang :( next time come during dinner ! 
i absolutely hate living out in the numbers . i really miss living in the north 😢 😢 😢 😢 
i wish my boy & i could just have a night out for once ): 
USERNAME USERNAME lol nicole has to start it cuz i don't have ur # :( 
USERNAME i think so 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
omg ! 😭 ★ my way (at emerald terrace) — URL 
USERNAME yeah but how do i know if it's really you and my someone else ? ! 😢 
USERNAME i've been wanting to get mine redone but it didn't take last time :( 
cooking a meal i can't smell or taste . :( #sickyprobs 
i didn't even get any cake pops ! d: #depressed USERNAME 
USERNAME yea but you never want to cuddle with me 😔 
i broke my nail today that means i have to cut them all and wait for them to grow all pretty again :'( #sadtweet 
USERNAME i'm not with them . and i'm not ! :( 
no , fuck you . you broke my heart . 💔 
safe travels USERNAME ! ! ! i come back to see you are gone :( see ya when you gett back suga bear ! 
sorry :( rt USERNAME USERNAME your groupies about to kill my shit . thanks -_- 
USERNAME it gave me food poisoning last time i went ... :( 
USERNAME i'll put one up tomorrow , cause i just wrapped up my hair :c 
my iphone 4s is so ugly next to the 5 :( ( 
USERNAME thanks for inviting me 😔 jk i was singing somewhere so it's cool . 
USERNAME so u read my letter . i just realized how embarrassing that was . sorry . ): 
USERNAME i was there ! it was soo bad . 40,000 grown man cried 😢 
sucks that my parents dont really let me go out :c 
i walk into mulligans and my niece ignores me and just keeps talking to her cool friends . i wish i was cool like them :( 
breaking . dawn . par t.t wo . yee ! ! #movieess #erika #mak #aubs #mygirlies 💗💗💗 
USERNAME is soo sleepy; i feel so sorry for em . 😴 😞 
i hate my life i wish that it would just end :-( 
USERNAME awee :( ((. yeah i'm sick too and not going either ! :( 
USERNAME hahahah omg i'm crying omg i rlly am ! :( ((((( 
"USERNAME keep it strong tara rt USERNAME going to bed soon got radiation treatment . cancer suck . :( USERNAME . USERNAME 
wish i could go to kandaces party with USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 
i'm so sad it's over with :( what do i have to look forward to now ? ! 
USERNAME haha you know what i hate you idiot ! :( 
USERNAME wish you could join 😭 😭 😭 i'll give her a hug for you , through me 😏 
USERNAME has my ❤ , noone compares to him 💔 
“USERNAME #deathbykeynote 😞 🔫💥 #wabf2012 cc USERNAME USERNAME please save a bullet for me .. 
we all do rt USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME no one shows me this much love :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm going to colorado for thanksgiving . i won't be back by saturday ! :( (( 
everyone is out ! ! ! :( mehh . (@ wayne manor (thebatcave)) URL 
es hora de tomar un rico baño en la tina . voy a extrañar eso en colombia , mi baño no tiene tina allá :( 
USERNAME too mad my damn wife don't even reply to my txt messages > :( 
nat #gay #lamenigga #luckyshot #ratchet #cantdrive #dumb #fatass #sluttygirlproblems #sadtweet #sucksatlife #bai 
USERNAME his phone wasn't fully charged . it was like half way& died and it won't charge anymore 😔 
that little song they made for icarly cause its ending > lol made me kinda sad cuz the shows ending :( 
😐 what happened to fuck ? ? see now u fucking up 😔 
USERNAME learned a combo to show me a good time today .. it was a good time 😏 #ianeastwood #adorable wish you were here ! ! ! 😭 
rmac volleyball championship match (set 2 ): colorado mines 5, regis 3 #rmacvb 
i will never forget november 17, 2008. i thought it was gonna be a regular day at school but instead i received unfortunate news 😭 
i miss our stupid bickering , our silly jokes , how when you'd get scared at night you'd come into my room . 😔 
these tests have me all messed up in the head 😔 
my bm said if i go in tonight she not talking to me til january 😔 
USERNAME lmao shaataap v.v i re-read it and yupp fml , next time i'll re-read cx 
i miss my jessica :( n i know she misses me too ! blowin up my phone n shieet . thats that shit i doo liike ; ) 
sitting in a bar all by myself with no ride home .... #thelife 😔 
USERNAME so sad :( i guess the school will tell everyone soon . 
breaking dawn sold out 😥 guess i have go wait til tomorrow . 😩😩😩 
breaking dawn was so good . omgg i can't believe it's over . 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME but .. the batman mask is for me .. no need to yell 😥 
i really wish you would call or text me 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( why you no wait ? lol 
i wish i had my license already :( things would be so much easier . 
obviously ! ! ! ! you took forever ……… i missed you ): lol jk . 
it's been so long 😭 i love my best friend so much👯 USERNAME #gopokes #moh #be @ boone pickens stadium URL 
hawks game friday and griz game today = vocal cords destroyed 😔 
o well that makes me upset a little 😳 😔 
USERNAME it's fun and i need to get better 😔 
derek makes me listen to jorge ferriera when we hangout 😔 like seriously biggest loser ever ! 
the mummy returns without USERNAME just isn't the same :( #missthegoodoldays 
USERNAME it didn't even say stop on it ! ! ! ! :( i was like hmm maybe it doesn't mean stop so i chose something else hahahaha 
my mom is going to see my sis tomorrow .. #freemysissy ! :( ( omg this isn't fair . 
USERNAME i didn't spend my weekend wit you man :( 
i miss my amazingly stunning girlfriend USERNAME more then words can describe . #sadtweet 
is tonight like iroquois springs night or something ? all the bunks are together wahh not the c11ts :( 
don't wanna do any homework .. wish it was winter break already . 😔 
USERNAME and your in the same boat as me 😔 lol 
i just became the mayor of poor service area ..... :-( on USERNAME URL 
i really am hateing life right now bc of babes mom and dad wanting us not to be tg :'( 
missin my baby mad we got into and i left :( 
it's okay , i wouldn't choose me either ! 😥 😔 
USERNAME i know ! ! 😔 😔 i wish i was there lol 
USERNAME has a amazing talent and doesn't use it ! > :( 
USERNAME ohh noo :( are you okayy ? ? ? ? 
my body hurts from head to toe ): #notfeelingwellatall . #lame 
sad that USERNAME no longer sells my favorite marabou chocolate , nor kalles kaviar in dill :( 
anybody look at landry jones stats yet 😦 😧 😮 😯 😶 
so boredd at my grandmas👵 somebody text me .. 😔 
i'm finding every reason to be gone , there's nothing here to hold on to ... #sadtweet 
ahh sorry :( you coulda told me earlier ! -.- USERNAME 
something next door is beeping . i want to go find it and turn it off , but i'm not trying to cross the fire investigation tape . 😞 
i wish work would have been more fun for me and USERNAME 😔 remember that i love you though ❤ 
i don't want to be alone at the game ... 😔 
i'm not going too the silver fox my crew not here 😒 😔 
netflix sour patch kids and homework is it really saturday night #sadday 
i feel like im at tha lowest point in my life right now :( (((( 
ima be a single man forever .. this statement is based on the past and recent events that have occurred . this statement is just .. #depressing 
is this place really playing justin bieber > :c someone shoot mehh please 
i think i failed math & science :( #lifesucksthatway #worstwaytoendtermone 
going to universal city walk :/ i didn't want to get out of bed :( 
dying to workout and still got another week or two before i can workout :( 
USERNAME kayy :( have as much fun as you can when you at home lol try and enjoy 
everything is irritating right now . i want to go home so fucking bad ! it's pissing me off ! 😔 😢 😡 
USERNAME cruel :( jajaja no hay puente para mi , yo estoy trabajando :( 
USERNAME imy ! i didnt even get see you today not even at your own school .. :( 
no reply 😨 💔 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 typical . 
USERNAME no :( lol no wonder the damn thing was $7 
USERNAME no but i have a cold with a cough :( and last week i had the fluu 
😞 😒 😒 😒 😒 😒 espinoza paz is never going to tweet me back ! ! ! ! ! ! wahh . 
USERNAME where in the hell are you bestfriend ? ! :( 
USERNAME they told me you canceled macy's event 😭 😭 😭 why are they lying to me 
USERNAME no its nt , ur good enough for nything , u jus puttin yo'self dwn ma nigga 😔 
USERNAME not even if we come get you ? i miss youu :( 
my tummy hurts but i want my headphones but dont want to get up :( 
USERNAME me too 😔 i feel like i haven't been home in so long ... :( 
USERNAME oh no :( this place knows my order perfectly ! 
finally somebody cleaned the vomit out of the sink . oh msv ! 😔 #nohopeforthesebarnyardanimals 🐖🐂🐃🐓 
at the end of the day ! i wish you stop talking about me cuz my ears ringing ! lol shit i can't even drink 😔 
breaking dawn part 2 is amazing ! ! ! so depressed that its over ❤ 😥 
USERNAME oh :( i thought it was yellow monkey .. 
- i wish i'm with USERNAME right now . i miss you . 😔 😘 
i wish i was an aunt so i know some one other then the people i live with loves me 💔 👎 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME what about my assist to him ? :( 
USERNAME oh i bet he's been with you guys forever :( 
USERNAME aww so cute ! i miss my dog ! she was such a good cuddle buddy . 😭 😭 
im getting all these snapchat notifications but i cant see any of them :( #sorryguys #brokensnapchat #merp 
USERNAME , i love your shirt in your avi 😔 😔 
😢 😢 😢 😢 omfg crying . someone help mee . 
anyone wanna come chill with me ? ? :( #needtobeoccupied 
she's always running from me when i want to give her a hug :( 
my baby let me drive his baby c; lmao .. :( 
just dumped cinnamon on my pasta :( hopefully the garlic covers it up . i'm hungry . 
USERNAME aww i wish :( i'm in boston tonight ! ! wednesday night lets meet up ! 
why i got a chick flick about marriage is completely beyond me :( 
“USERNAME 😱 😵 😲 😦 😧 😟 😯 😐 😶 wtf ! ! 😪😷 URL <-- thaa fuck ? 
USERNAME lol everyone i've seen is feeling this way #sadtweet 
USERNAME luckyy fuck you i got no weed tonight ): 
USERNAME sad to see this ride come to the end ): 
misses his daughter-out-law / mankas al si la malbofilino . :'( 
i pretend to be happy a lot , i'm not . inside , i'm really sad . :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss her soo much :( lizzie ... 
the little girl i babysit just started crying over toy story 3 😣 #goingtobealongnight 
USERNAME :( i know i was ranting haha ... but you have to admit it's truee 
USERNAME aww it's been forever since i last seen him :( i'm slacking i should have came down a long time ago 
not having a drivers license sucks on weekends . i can't go to any bars :( 
USERNAME lemme ask u sumthn .. diid u eber really lub me stebie ? ? ? :( 
i wonder if there really is a special someone out there for me . 😢 
firetruck at skyzone ? messy injury ? no bueno :( 
i want to dedicate this video to my dog jota who left for dog heaven today :( URL 
my nights officially ruined because i can't hang out with USERNAME :( 
USERNAME i miss you so incredibly much :( best friend come home 
cant believe i just contributed to the #breakingdawn shenanigans . #why #fml #twilight 
ordered a whole large pizza just so i could have stuffed crust . this is why i can't be skinny . 😞 
why do you have to an asshole to me ? i was there when she broke your heart 💔 😞 
wish i was at the rodeo right now :( oh well , there's always next weekend . i just worked my butt off today . 
was sold out :-( (@ crowland estate w/ USERNAME URL 
USERNAME you better ! ^.< cause ima miss you for a week if u don't > :c 
now to wait for the boyfriend to get off work .... 😔 
having friends ... it's a lot of work man 😔 
“USERNAME you wont get it rt USERNAME 😭 rt USERNAME dear alma , 
the book USERNAME was amazing . seriously one of the best things i’ve ever read . the movie wasn’t . something huge was missing :( 
1/3rd of india is poor (less than $1.25 a day ): more w/o food (>200m) than 10 years ago . so much indian wealth , our neglect is embarrassing . 
i'm so depressed i'm missing USERNAME show tonight 😭 👎 💔 
USERNAME lol , i have to same . just a 4s 😔 
tennessee fans are just shaking their heads tonight ... not much else can be done . rough day to be a vol :( #bummedtennessefan 
USERNAME why are you laughing ? i'm being serious :( 
got my hostess fix , but no twinkies ): @ smith's URL 
USERNAME that's incredible . they were in colorado springs this weekend but i can't go because the academy doesn't have weekend passes :( 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME been here with work for a week ... at airport heading home now ... not on a private jet with my millions :( 
just got tickets to see USERNAME on monday but my mom said i can't go :( since i am going to the voice 
USERNAME love it bro ! i was just bummin about how i should be home chillin w/ you right now ... :( can't wait to see you tomorrow ! 
times like this when a homeboy hurttin ... miss my homeboy r . i . p pedro miss my brother pancho doin time :'( 
it’s official: you can injure yourself even of you’re not playing sports for a living :( 
USERNAME girl i know the feeling ! ! :( i have extra kids 2night zion is having a sleepover 4 his bday 
she really juss made me cry , juss from asking that question :'( #textingmybackbone 
USERNAME haha . zach you just made me cry a little . :( #meanie ! 
i don't think i can wait to see safe haven 😢 
me and tia having this convo about oomf ! lmao we too hell thou 😭 
USERNAME i think you work friday and saturday . i forgot what time teh sorry busy maxado today omg napagalitan pa ako :'( 
USERNAME yeah it should ! but i liked it as big ten ! :( (( 
tennessee fans are just shaking their heads tonight ... not much else can be done . rough day to be a vol y'all :( # 
my wisdom teeth are pushing in ... hurts so bad i feel like i'm going to throw up . 😔 🔫 
USERNAME i love you too , plus tonight has been the best til now :( 
USERNAME it used to be USERNAME ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i saw your tweet and i didn't wanna believe it :( . that's a shame . rehab and get back to work sister . i know you got it in you 
you obviously didn't want to talk to me ... 😔 
i really don't want USERNAME to leave college station 😥 #misshimalready 
USERNAME i miss u 😔 ready to b home lol 
USERNAME USERNAME you guys worked an 11 hour one too ? :o yeah they're craazy :( 
awe , i just got ignored . :( ok .. 
my boyfriend refuses to take me to the new twilight movie . #sadtweet 
walk the line is my favorite , gets me every time 😥 #johnnycash 
USERNAME i was here first & don't you dare use the h word towards me . i didn't do anything to you :( 
i think eric fell asleep ! now i'm bored ! :( 
if i pour water out of my bucket for you , don't use it to wash your ass . 😕 💔 
waiting for breaking dawn part 2 to start . 😊 😢 #bittersweet #fuckcoke #pepsihomie #twilight #b @ maya cinemas URL 
:( the end . (@ cinemark 14 for the twilight saga: breaking dawn - part 2 w/ 4 others) URL 
the fact that the last icarly ever is on friday makes me wanna bawl my eyes out . 😭 😔 
nothing to do but listen to the social shakedown & get on played out ass twitter .. 😣 
USERNAME i know i was aboutta say that :( its cuz im homealone till 2 & i wanna make moves , but oh wells lol 
can't be on twitter right now cause alana is tweeting about the new breaking dawn movie & i haven't seen it yet :( 
- my legs are so much tanner than my face .. :( #sadtweet URL 
i napped all day today . now homework .. :'( :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i hear ya , and thanksgiving will suck for me since my brother , wife , & 5 kids all cowboys fans ! ! ugh ! ! 😣 
of course the one time i'm out of town USERNAME comes in ! ! 😔 😔 😔 i miss my hubby 💔 
i wish i had that friend that would come over no matter what , on days like today &just talk to me &comfort me . i'm so bored &so sick ! 😭 
timmy with a three ! ! ! ! what ? 😧 
watching an indian movie with family and then outta nowhere comes the sex scene #thatawkwardmoment 😔 
USERNAME that’s the exact thought i had . love raspberry and iced vanilla zingers :( 
USERNAME i wish i could play titanic on the recorder 😔 
USERNAME by your side doesn't hit as hard when we're not bumping in the common room on the surround sound . 💔 
not that i left my keys in my moms car #fml 
this migraine << 😣 . calling it an early night . 
USERNAME might have to unfollow you ... your tweets about skiing is putting me into depression ... :( #jealous #sendsomethisway 
USERNAME ohh really ? i don't remember that time ! :( jeje pero imagino fue una conversona maldita ! tqm who is ur baby ? 
USERNAME yes this is true , i miss you :( 
no karaoke there tonight ! :-( (@ the branded steer) URL 
i feel like im going to die ... fuck being sick :( .. 
i need to go to sleep , sucks i can't watch the end of these games #fml 
USERNAME hope your enjoying your lovely road trip to south carolina ! ! .. cause i'm about to jump out of the window . #getmeouttahere 😭 😳 
USERNAME pashoutout nmn po . :( palagyan po sa dulo ng ( hell follow back ) para po may mag follow . :( 
my jr . high school all run down and dilapidated :-( makes me sad ! 
the white one with open shoulders , is so pretty :( 
we are officially old by the sounds of the screeches of the tweens around us 😔 USERNAME USERNAME 
cara se a isabella já tiver dormido vou chorar :( 
USERNAME sorry to hear that jen :( i am pretty much ready for the holidays . keep your chin up 
i hate when masyn watches this ghost stuff . #iwannashootmyself #scaredaf 😣 🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫 😁😁 😖 
i hate telling my brother bye when we leave clemson ) ): 
the more i listen to USERNAME the more i want to see them in concert and that's when i realize i don't have $500 to get decent seats 😔 
i like being able to talk to someone for hours and not get bored of them . 😏 😔 
#nobodylikes arguing with the one that means the most too them 💔 
USERNAME are you working all night ? if so , i'm sorry 😔 
i'm such a happy person . but the last like month i've been depressed . what's wrong with me ? ! 😢 
USERNAME i felt . bad for you :( ... how are your boys ..... 
i know people here ... but sometimes it doesn't feel like i t.t oday's one of my break down days . i need a new place to vent . is lj still around ? 
bc i'm so lonely now that daniel left me til the morning 😫 😥 
i guess a silly song about you .. and how i lost you . and your brown eyes . 💔 
ew i think i stepped on a snail ! i heard it but didn't see it :'( 
nothing at all . i'm bored .. 😭 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME 
why are all the hot guys taken ? 😒 😞 #notfair 
USERNAME USERNAME he dont feel good :( his ear is pouring and my twelve hours overtime last night we r about to crash i hope 
escuchar up all night mientras llueve .. esperen ya no llueve :c 
USERNAME i sorta wanted to go with herbert but he broke his leg last week because he ran into a tree . 😢 
the real question is why hasn't USERNAME come to any of the wing nights ? 😔 #alwayswelcome 
the only bad thing about kya is i don't get to see my brother play tomorrow and i am missing purple maddness :( 
when USERNAME came in my room this morning ... thought she wanted to cuddle . 😭 💔 #shewasleavingme #lonersatus 
never watch the end of toy story 3. 😭 😩 💔 
you will forever be in my heart . #ripnana 😔 URL 
wish i could go home to lexington for the holidays :( USERNAME 
USERNAME hahaha i've never thrown up so much in my life 😩😫 😭 
it's just so wrong ! i miss lanicakes 😔 at least i get to see him play one last time #hockey #winterhawks #missyou URL 
USERNAME i went today , i didn't see him tho :( 
you ever get that feeling that no matter what you're not good enough ? yup ... pretty awesome . # </3 
i hear music ! o.o . someones having a party ! & they dint invite me :c . . 
my camera is full cant take no more pics ! ! .. :( ( time to deletee ... trey babyy about to come out 
bury my heart . so i won’t hurt again . 💔 
USERNAME you always ask me when i'm not in pitt :( ! ! we have to do something soon though ! 
:( no more food fun after this . it's back to strict eating . 
might have just lost my voice from yelling for a fight ... no fight :-( #hockey 
USERNAME texts me just to tell me he is driving back roads without me #sadtweet 😢 
monsignor john brown , st . francis de sale , with ray kelly , commissioner of new york police (nypd ): 11/17 URL #sandy 
have a lot on my mind tonight ... i'm in need of encouragement . 😔 #feelingdown 
you on the other hand ..... will prolly make them again #sosad 😔 
if i told you i loved you ... (we don't need to worry about this because i'm not that brave) :( 
stupid .... i feel like it's 0100 when its only 2145 ..... :-( 
i miss like 2 hours of twitter and i miss everything :( wtf ? 
hurts to sit , stand , lay , walk . #fml 
fuck the olives in stock and in my size :( 
USERNAME word , not even . it was like a second . plus , you didn't even come too peekskill for me , you came for nia so . 😔 😔 💔 
thank god for twitter and all the updates on the mentor game ! babysitting at a house with no sto 😢 
i'm ready for USERNAME to come back :( i miss him 
oh hey ct it's not like i'm here for school or anything ... who needs to do homework anyways right ? #studentpains #fml URL 
deleted all my contacts . 😠 😒 😞 wow . 
i feel sick to my stomach thinking about leaving keith in texas tomorrow and going back to normal life . life sucks without him 😞 😞 
USERNAME 😞 online shopping is the answer ... then send it back if you don't like it . nordstrom has no return policy 
its only 9:40 shit the nights not worth staying up :( i wanna go to sleep #tiredasshit 
what can i do to help those who lost homes out east ? :( 
my industrial piercing experience: it really hurt ... as you can tell 😭 i gotta admit , my fac @ reactive ink URL 
USERNAME where did you go ! ? i need to look around 😔 
i just wanna get my hair cut . 😭 😭 😭 
my last heartbreak was when nardo died . but this one here , i can't shake it ... 😢 but everyday i'm learning the reasons for it . 
USERNAME noo)) ): what happened ? ! ? ! ? 
- listeninq to slow musicc , room dark , starring at the ceilin , lol depresses mood :( 
USERNAME USERNAME o rodofildo cara ) ): morreu num acidente ... 
yes im saying this but i want my mommy :'( ( 
be careful , some peoples good vibes && well wishes are only superficial , they don't come from the heart </3 
toy story 3 ... gets me every time >>> 😭 😭 😭 ❤ ❤ ❤ 
he tickled me in my sides . ahh . the only place in really ticklish now . :( 
#nobodylikes school , fakes , drama , monday , being cheated , being ignored , being replaced . 😔 😒 
falar com brasileiro no telefone me deixa com muita saudades do meu brasil . :( 
all my friends are busy .. 😭 😢 😔 #foreveralone 
people who smoke with small children in the car <<<<<<< :( sad 
my 4,000th tweet goes out to USERNAME #loveyou #missyou i haven't been with you in 8 hours :( 
toy story 3 gets me every time . 😭 #likeababy 
USERNAME - you're already done ? cool . i have so much stuff to do . i don't really know if i'm going home at all yet . :'( 
you ever be in the store and give someone a compliment about how cute their kid is and they say i never asked 😣 
USERNAME bitch im the one that seen you in diapers not him :( hahaha aye all far ! lolol 
USERNAME haha i don't know i've been up since 5. 😦 see you thenn . and forreal tho , you should have your emma shirt by monday . i mean damn 
USERNAME :( i'm ready for it to vs over getting off of work soon .. going to cuddle up in my blanket & watch movies 
USERNAME USERNAME my bad , but he is still mean 😥 
the sibling is mad at me , i just know it :( 
why do i feel so sad ? 😔 😔 😔 #somebodycheermeup 
USERNAME best friend who never speaks to me anymore 😞 tell mommy and daddy i miss them 
USERNAME he was whipping them at me ! by the handful ! it hurt :( 
sometimes the only person you can trust is yourself . 😔 
it's too late for coffee and it's too early for sleep . #fml 
they tell you to be yourself and then they judge you :( 
toy story 3 makes me cry so much . andy is all grown up . and i'm all grown up .... but why , i don't wanna :( :( :( 
friendship isn't about who you've known the longest . it's about who walked into your life , said and proved it . 😔 😏 
USERNAME USERNAME enjoying some ufc sorry i broke my face guys . you win some you lose some . :( jones chael ! URL 
i think this is the first saturday night i haven't been with you 😕 😩 😞 #sadtweet #stupidstomach 
every time i hear a phone ring , the words go through my mind . 😞 
USERNAME i looved him . even though he would run from me half the time :/ but he was precious ): 
i wish i had a relationship like bella & edward ): 
USERNAME omg there was nothing good on thats why ! ! :( 
man i won't let my trust come back for nothing :( 
the band at rail is doing wonders for my headache #fml 
i wish USERNAME could be at my party tonight 😞 
love when my cat scratches me . i look like wolverine attacked me . 😾 URL 
i wanna tell you how i feel , but i don't wanna get rejected . 😔 
USERNAME i know , this is gonna be too long :( 
not only have i been alone all night but the lights also just went out ! #dark #fml  
my little sister just told me the only thing she wants for christmas is to see our sisters ... this breaks my heart . </3 
sitting in the movie theater && terri says #serioustweet 😢 
my cousin and i are crying cuz we're not gonna be able to see you ! ! ! ! 😭 😩 😢 😫USERNAME 
USERNAME thanks a lot for giving away the game ! i was recording it at home while at church ! ! :-( 
i can't only take so much , so can my heart ! 💔 
USERNAME at least yours isn't noticeable to the public and have everyone stare at your face everywhere you go ! :( 
i hope these games just aren't a tease for us dawg fans :( 
that's i t.t hat was the only peak into my soul you'll ever get . hope you enjoyed it . 
USERNAME exactly ! ! how am i supposed to be a creeper on twitter ? it's not as fun :( 
when you hear song that meant something to you and an ex . 😔 🎶🎵🎤🎧🎺🎷🎸 
i wish oomf was here to cuddle with . 😔 
hannah's going away partyy :( (@ el chico cafe) URL 
damn u #yogabbagabba i'm to old to be watching u 😔 
sometimes you have to forget what you want and remember what you deserve 😔 
i change the background on my phone like every two days . 😔 
this bronchitis will be the death of me . :( 
USERNAME lol :( & if yu wud have came & got me i wud b there 4 tomorrow 
never regret something that once made you smile . 😔 😏 
am i the only one that cries when andy gives woody away ? :'( lol 
cool , i just love how nobody texts me bck .. #sadtweet 
USERNAME i miss my best fwendzz :( (tell the little brat i love her ! ) 
and i still cry at the end of toy story 3 😭 😭 😭 😭 
rise of the planet of the apes is so sad at the middle :( . i would've hurt that boy that sprayed him with the hose if i was the other guy . 
USERNAME #ohmygosh , just my luck ! that was on my lunch/supper hour ): dangit ! 
USERNAME i didn't come to the o when gakahra asked me too i fucked up 😔 lol 
i love my cousin so damn much ; it killed me seeing him how he was 😔 💔 
USERNAME , aww snap i've missed so much , i haven't even met him yet , 😔 😔 .. 
don't even know the last time i was home , and still have over a month before ill get to go home ... 😔 i miss kent 
i miss my babe already & seen him earlier :( 
USERNAME USERNAME asu linda jhoselin keeps on unfollowing me :( 
i'm not sure if cute couples give me hope or make me sad . 😔 
studying ! that's my saturday night :( for now ! 
i really wanted to see my best friend for the first time in months , but my parents ruin everything . :'( 
i'm on 3. this guy is on 6. 😳 😳 😱 😱 😱 😱 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 shitting on me 
USERNAME you know your parents will kill you 😔 🔫 
#iwish i could have gone star gazing in the bed of USERNAME truck last night 😔 🌌⭐🌠 
i want to text you but i feel like i'm bothering you 😔 
i am who i am , judge me , hate me , i'll always be me anyway . 😔 😒 
ehwie . i'm going to cry . i just saw pics of trypophobia and i wanna cry so bad .. omg 😭 
USERNAME i will kill you . im sad now :( 
ugh my hair .. <<< i didn't even wanna go blonde .. i just wanted it lighter ... ): 
no one in my family understand my dream; what i want to be when i'm older . 😔 
scratch that USERNAME bought bella's lullaby just to watch me cry 😭 #bitter 
USERNAME just like to reminisce on jr . high days ... love your long hair 😔 
i try not to miss you , i try to let go , but in the end , you're always on my mind . 😔 
i want someone to send me a package in the mail . cuz i never get mail and it'd be a surprise . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i need yall to send a jet to come get me ! ! ! #fml 
USERNAME hi i just posted like the same thing 😭 
can we jut give the puna uniforms to our jv & keep the old nike ones , pleeaasse . 😭 
USERNAME you don't love me anymore ! 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
i literally just don't understand how we suck .. i don't understand . #fml 
these last two days without work have been wonderful . don't want to go back in the morning :( 
might need tape to hold my eye lids open .. i am so tired .. i did so much work today and still going .. where is my bed .. ? #exhausted ☹ 
when mr falcon USERNAME is sprung and depressed <<<<< :( 
USERNAME where did it all go ? ? ? </3 URL 
ah vou tomar banho né, pelo jeito a loirinha dormiu já :( ((( 
i left my paper , and went to do something else .. and it gonna be due in an hour .. #fml 
you're all i honestly think about , no one else . 😔 
uugghh ! i wished i lived in san francisco #sadtweet #boerd 😫🌆 
my thumb still hurts from jamming it like 7 hours ago . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i need yall to send a jet to come get me ! ! ! #fml 
does anyone wanna do anything tonight ? no ? ok 😔 💔 
USERNAME babe my lil cousin is hella sad :( over that nigga 
USERNAME i know 😢 just wait till the dance ! 💃👯 
just got off from work and i'm tired as hell .. whew ! ! 😞 
USERNAME sorry babes :( i still didnt get my car back :/ 
and yes i do this when i am bored ! ! ! ! ahh worst saturday :'( @ work :( URL 
i just died a little inside realizing that there aren't any more twilight movies ... 😭 💔 
everyone's talking about watching breaking dawn n i'm still waiting on USERNAME to take me to c it 😞 
USERNAME haha omg i know .. i hope that doesn't come back to screw us over .. ): 
i really need to get these lashes done my face looks bald 😳 😶 😦 😑 
when your tired but you can't fall asleep👎 😔 😴😴😴 
all i do is miss you but all you do is blow me off i wish you felt the same way as i do :( 
i haate milk ! ! maybe that's why i never grew :'( forever short ! #smh 
toy story 3 always makes me sad . gahh 😔 
me n essay have a date :( (@ green grotto) URL 
USERNAME ugh that sucks i won't get to see you :( but are you gonna go to the 3 story urban ? (-; 
USERNAME um yes . id rather not talk about it :( 
dr . phil , magic mike & cleaning/organizing my room . the things you can do when you have 7 30 am meetings at work . no turn ups tonight . 😕 👎 😣 
USERNAME ohh noo me digas eso ... mierda si tuviera la edad de ella le hiciera :( 
USERNAME USERNAME omfg i saw it ! ! ! it made me so happy yet sad :'( <3 
USERNAME why must you hurt me , fabian . :( 
USERNAME 38-28 odu :( 12 min left in the game 
seriously all i do is obsess about getting a six pack but i cant 😭 
and all of a sudden i remembered all the hurt you brought upon me and realized it still hurts . 😔 
cant even talk to my bitch . shes in the middle of the ocean somewhere 😔 😔 😔 USERNAME #boatsandhoes . 
what happened to our friendship last year ... it seems like it doesn't even exist anymore ! ! ! ! :'( 
sick 😔 😲 i hope i feel better before , the one and only , amazing justin bieber concert <3 #faith 
i always get alil choked up at the end of toy story 3 :'( 
so i just told my grandfather i got a job at zaxby's , he goes that's not a real job ...... g thanks for the support 😒 😣 😞 
this motor burger waiter wants to put his d in my b #fml 
USERNAME i wanna watch burlesque ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME i worked moron ... rick came in ! your workin tomorrow just not by me :( 
USERNAME hahahaha hay gracias por lo fea 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 haha 
ugh 😭 😭 😭 😭 i can't believe someone did that ! 😡 
that's cool . USERNAME followed me then unfollowed me 😔 😔 😔 
i feel so unwanted , ima just go back to the room 😥 
i thought you were different , but i guess your just like the rest </3 
ima try to get every basketball team ina beanie ❤ . i really want em 😔 
i think i'm going to play civ 4. i legit have nothing to do . :( 
that awkward moment when you're vibing to a song on pandora and you realize your mom likes it 😔 😒 
how by reading something turns your whole mood around ! ! ! ! :-( . 
i cry every time i see toy story three 😢 
i've done psych for the past 8 hours why :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME wheres my itinerary ? i saw your stops in states u mention n u looked like obama votes that he won on the map :-( 
why do all good things come to an end 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME how can you shoot a buck or a doe ) ): 
USERNAME omg i don't know that i still can :( 
i think this waiter wants to put his d in my b #fml 
im beyond frozen rn . :( #fuck #cold #shorts #hoodie #not #home #tochange :( #someonetextme 
single doesn't always mean lonely and relationship doesn't always mean happy 😔 
USERNAME notice me too , please i'm loosing hope 😭 😪 
USERNAME pinche kim never reply back to my text ! 😔 
my fav nicki minaj album is pink friday after that she lost me 😣 😱 😑 
have to go back to work in less then 12 hours . 😭 
USERNAME lol yess :( or if we die of exhaustion . what's aftah that ? 
USERNAME even though i can't c USERNAME i know her dress is beautiful :{ ) 
this can't be happening .... my bros going to afghanistan 😥 
when u wanna see somebody but u can't <<<<<<< 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME tell my bmffl im so sad she isnt hanging out wiff me . ! :'( & poe poe . 
i can't believe glee is six episodes into season 4 and i haven't seen any of them yet . 😢 😭 
at work til 2 😡 i'm gonna cry 😢 😢 😢 😢 
u would tell you how i feel but it's pointless < </3 /: 
really regret not paying attention in mrs . craig's psych class junior year 😣 #needthatnuggetshelp 
i'd do anything to be at that hotel party in vegas right now 😔 
last #wedding of 2012. :( @ ronald reagan building & international trade center URL 
USERNAME i'm at the travelodge :( ( what's wrong ? 
why is a golf course still open in november 😭 😭 😭 
oh my gosh this movie is getting me so upset , this is not fair :'( 
it must be so hard to give away your childhood toys . i don't know how andy did it ... :'( #toystory3 
USERNAME i can only afford george 😞 😞 your the rolling in jackson's 
goin to see my uncle in virginia tomorrow . he got huntingtons disease . he what keeps me going everyday . i'm gona miss him . he means a lot :( 
USERNAME lol i feel like i'm never going to get it . 😞 
USERNAME pashoutout nmn po . :( palagyan po sa dulo ng ( hell follow back ) para po may mag follow . :( 
jaden .. why . just . why ? 😒 😥 #why 
this week finally was getting better and now it's going back down hill again 😞 #giveup #dontbother #fml 
am i the only person who doesn't know how to use a lighter ? lol i can't even freakin use it to light candles :( 
can't play airplane with ashton . #castsarentcool #notfair 😔 ❌✈ 
as much as i love my g25, it really needs a new shifter module . :c 
haven't talked to my him , in like forever :( 
USERNAME i hear ya ! it's exhausting :( but , we'll make the best of what's around ! xo 
USERNAME i miss you too ): we need a reunion , go out an have a crazy night without soccer the next morning for once ! 
i finally told my dad how i feel , how i feel like shit cause he mostly cares about my brother . 😔 
USERNAME i know ! but they aren't my size 😣 😔 
me and alexis are all alone and watching adventure time i feel bad cuz i don't know what 2 say 😭 
i wish #oomf would ask for my number and text me 😔 😕 😶 😥 
USERNAME does he do his best to be good to deb ? i was sad that he started lying again :( 
all girls day is almost over :( but starting to miss the chaos of 3 kids . #2quite 
i wanna hold you i wanna kiss you , you were my everything & i really miss you </3 
#currently gonna listen to george strait because it reminds me of you 😔 
USERNAME lol ur trying to dis own me 😒 😒 😔 
USERNAME shows what a good friend you are ! :( 
i hate finishing my ramen noodles just because my happiness is coming to an end . :( 
all the kids just came back in the room & hella woke me back up lol #fml 
USERNAME fucking seriously ! ! ! ! get a grip ya friggen habs . 😾 😾 😾 
USERNAME i prolly won't ! and then when monday comes , i'll prolly fail the physics test ! 😢 
i can't look at the bulls the same way i did before :/ </3 i miss kyle korver :( 
i wish USERNAME was allowed to come home :( #collegebasketballprobs 
i don't know why it bugs me so much .... ): 
okay ... so who wants to give me a ride to a party ! lmfao #thestruggle #sadtweet 
worst thing about being sick besides brain not functioning: not bring able to eat . my appetite has flown the coop :( 
not the news i wanted to hear . praying its not daniel alonzo . his mom is the sweetest lady ever .. i feel so bad </3 
it sucks but after babysitting these kids , i just want to crawl in a hole tonight . #goodbyeworld 😔 
this headache gotta be the worse i eva had :( 
i miss all them , gianni , asia , india , dwayne , sheem sheem , isaac , naira , and alot of others 😞 ❤ 
USERNAME tasty but mushy in the middle . dunno know why :( 
USERNAME i bought the best camouflage i could get my hands on , and you still saw me ? :( 
USERNAME rough :( you need to take a much needed vacation ! ! 
im sorry boo , i actually forgot ): nxt time most defiantly ! 
also , i have no service . so i'm sorry if i'm not replying to you 😔 
USERNAME see how u do me :-( where u going tonight 
i never understood this . the girls the lay be dogging ppl w weaves be the main ones saying they wanna get one in ! #confused 😣 
USERNAME anndd we still haven't gotten our food :( . it's gonna be awhile . i will try to meet up though ! 
USERNAME we're done here . you just can't be happy for me 😔 & just stop making fun of me 😑 😑 
USERNAME i'm much better thank you ! ! ! ! no more perfect attendance for me 😔 
just now waking from that nap ... not going to sleep tonight ..... like at all . :( 
can't stand any more cheesy hallmark movies my mom likes to watch ... 😞 
don't cheat on someone that gives you the world . 😒 😔 
i'm literally tearing up from the vandy stadium chanting carey's name 😢 what a wonderful fan base we have . 
my head hurts so bad from all this wrestling and fighting today ): 
be nice and smile to everyone you meet . you don't know what they are going through , and they may need that smile . 😏 😔 
just to let you know , i'm missing you . 😔 
i need 129 mentions 😱 😱 😱 😱 😱 😔 
i really dnt wanna hear no bs right now got to many problems dealing right now since my cousin got arrested 😞 😔 
i'm mad my q has been too busy for me today ! :( 
going to go order a garbage plate and eat it in my bed because i hate everyone and my job .... ps where's charliee 😢 #comehomebby #dramatic 
USERNAME hahah i sent one it for returned to me . i have to send them again :( i didn't fill it out right . monday i'll do it 
forget what hurt you , but never what it taught you . 😔 
USERNAME ha me ? ? your to cool for me now 😔 
now that i got what i've been working so hard for , all i want to do is sleep . 😔 😴 
i wish i could ice skate .. :( or skate period .. lol 
USERNAME USERNAME don't worry wags you're not the only one :( 
USERNAME you're an ass lol ! ! that just made my day sad and stressed even more than it was before . :( but nonetheless i forgive you .. 
my cousin got arrested wtf dog is always my family i stamp 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME lmao you never told me you would be in jersey you fool ! ! meepp i want to love on you :( ! 
maher insists obama become 'an angry black man pushing a liberal agenda' in second term (video ): via huffpost URL 
jk ill be at renault w/ USERNAME 😳 🍷 😢 
i hate when i sneeze like my whole head jerks backwards . & it feels like my brain is rattling when i do . 😢 #sickkidprobz 
like how come every time i'm i'm having a great day somebody has to be rude and ruin it 😔 
USERNAME i want it to be thanksgiving already 😔 .. because food 🍗🍟🍖🍕🍔🍝🍴 
rmac volleyball championship match (set 3 ): regis 11, colorado mines 9, #rmacvb 
"USERNAME the thing that makes woody special , is he'll never give up on you . #toystory3 URL omg , i can't . :'( 
USERNAME nope :( we both just kept walking haha . my life feels complete though💘 
so ima go to bed and cry and cuddle with babes sweater and shirt ! :'( 
USERNAME ;___; maybe ! i'll tweet you asap when i'm up and heading in in the morning . i feel soo bad i forgot ! ! ! :( 
how i cut the back of my knee but it hurts :( 
USERNAME oh yes ! ! ! ! ! no it's no worries ! i see how it is ! ! ! ! you could've invited but no it's okay ! ✌ 😭 
i hate part 2. but i didd cry at the endd . 😢 
work tonight just sounds so i appealing #fml #dontwannago #newjobplease 
USERNAME i'm about to cry .... i've been wanting to text you but i thought you might be mad at me or something :( #comebacktome 
penn jillette dishes on donald trump's hair , atheism , and his 'rape & kill list' (video ): via huffpost URL 
what am doin talking about going to a country club and i aint even got cowboy boots :( 
USERNAME , yeah like 5 years , way over due 😔 
like how come every time i'm having a great day somebody has to be rude and ruin it 😔 
i wish someone would come over and watch a movie wiff mee 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME damon and i are done , why can't you guys accept thaat ! 😫 😭 #sadtweet 
USERNAME haha . yeah , i did . i wish i was there . 😔 😔 
i wanna go home :( too long of a shift three more hours ! 
USERNAME pashoutout nmn po . :( palagyan po sa dulo ng ( hell follow back ) para po may mag follow . :( 
USERNAME i lovee youu . ❤ okayy ? you were amazingg at tanger tonight ! i wish you notice me :( you never did ... :'( URL 
leaving my boyfriends house is always so depressing lol 😥 
sad part about this whole hamas/israel thing is that neither side is willing to turn the other cheek . retaliation infinitum . :( 
and off to the e . r . for my poor babe :( 
waking up early tomorrow is gonna suck ... fuck my life . 😒 😔 
pretty sure i'm sicker than ever . 😫 😭 😷 #icantgetabreak 
i love seeing you everyday , but when were not at school we don't associate :( 
USERNAME ahh i just saw this ! i'm babysitting until about 4 tomorrow afternoon ): 
i knew you were throubke when you walked in 😔 💔 
i don't wanna be a complainer , but someone talk to mee ? ! :( 
USERNAME i can't even imagine . i'm glad you guys are okay ! i'm like watching for it on the news . that's soo freaking scary :( 
troy wasn't himself at all today 😔 as time goes by it will get easier but it'll never be okay . rip doug ❤ 
my heart has just sunk . harry now dates taylor swift ! ! ! 😢 
USERNAME haha my corny joke . of the day ...... hope you are having a nice weeken d: ): ): ) 
i know it's impossible to be that but i wish i could be close to it 😔 😪 😰 
it's sad that even though we're together i pretty much feel #foreveralone 😔 
USERNAME oh no :( heyy but i'm jealous of youu lady gaga will be fun and all but your going to have a blast ! ! ! 
USERNAME hiniwalayan ko siya tih ! ! ! ! alam mo yung feeling nam ang sakit sakit na ? :( 
i feel so stupid , i made an ass out of myself for nothing 😔 
USERNAME well it's actually tuesday but i can't really do anything then . i'll be working . :( 
USERNAME pashoutout nmn po . :( palagyan po sa dulo ng ( hell follow back ) para po may mag follow . :( 
*sighs* what am i gonna do tomorrow besides cry :( 
really wanna go to sleep bc the kids are sleeping but irk if i'm aloud #boo 😢 😞 
USERNAME i'm sorry :-( i miss u too i dnt miss that hitler ship though lol ... 
way too cozy and warm to get my phone charger at the other end of the house #depressing 
should i get the navy blue lace top or the light pink ? they're both cute in different ways . #fml #decisions 
i'm falling in love while she's walking away . 😔 
it's so sad when jean dies on #glee USERNAME :( (( 
i wanna go to the movies but have no one to go with me . :( 
omfg i missed my cinnamon USERNAME soo much tonight :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME aww . ): some of my friends went today but i don't know where they went . 
hate juan's work schedule . saturday night cleaning my room great ... 😔 
the photoshoot was cancelled not enough models no body paint for me 😭 😢 😟 
USERNAME yess we do 😢 and i don't have your number mal 😒 
i already miss my long hair i never wanted it to be this short , i'm so sad :( 
USERNAME USERNAME haha too he had me weak 😭 😭 😭 lol n then he was like 
at a quinceñera bored af 😭 @ salon thursday @ the hall suite URL 
sometimes i regret being nice , apologizing when i didn't do anything wrong , and for making unworthy people a priority in my life . 😒 😔 
let me stop to say happy birthday to my grandma , r . i . p , 💔 gone-but-never forgotten ❤ ... ! 
USERNAME poor baby :( and i hope you get to talk again soon :( 
i hear USERNAME is from glendale .... anxiously looking to find her :( ... 
i really miss melanie tonight :( i need her back 😢 
i wonder what goes through your mind when someone mentions my name to you . 😔 😏 
78-48 ..... USERNAME ..... our nuggets not even playing :'( 
i'm so far away from home ... 🏠 💔 😢 ✈👎🚗 😕 
USERNAME i didn't think of that . i'm sorry ! well we might see you guys later . :( 
everything would be better if i had USERNAME here with me :( 
USERNAME haha . i'm sorry ! i don't think about my actions ! 😔 i'm ashamed ! 
my nephews sick :( makes me wanna stay in and take care of my baby 
i hate the stomach flu 😷 i just wanna curl up in a ball and cry 😭 😭 😭 #callmeababyidontcare 
USERNAME i'm noy smoking you ass ! ! ! i'm at home :( geesh 
not true sissy .. ! ! yu always work :( wyd tonight USERNAME 
USERNAME that's tough ! i love the all black , but i love the different color lends 😣 
USERNAME cuz it's boring ! 😞 lets run around the campus bukky naked ! ! ! 🙈🙈🙈 
so tired .... going to bed early on a sat night 😔 💤 
first year not attending a middle level conference 😭 😭 😭 😭 kms 
i never thought i'd be crying bc i have to leave for florida in the morning ... :/ first extended period of time away from brennan :( 
his slope is treacherous , this love is reckless 💔 
live for today , because yesterday is over and tomorrow may never come . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME that hurt :( i thought i had a mild concussion lol 
gosh , why does the twilight saga have to end ? ? ? #sadtweet #sosad #sad 😩 😭 😥 😢 😱 😔 
USERNAME it's actually tuesday but can't really celebrate then cause ill be working . :( 
my heart is so cold , can't find no live here </3 
seeing dead kitty's or dogs in the road makes me instantly get teary eyed 😢 #sosad 
USERNAME 😢 wish i had my car on campus and not in new jersey with the hurricane . 
i won’t be seeing my baby tonight :( and my heart is beating so fast , guess that means i’ll miss her very much -_- 
USERNAME too bad she doesn't wanna be my siss and go out with me tonight ): 
its so hard to leave him :( im such a freakin baby ... #upset 
someone pleeaase take me to walk across the brooklyn bridge 😔 😩🙏 
so sleepy ! i just wanna go home now 😔 
haveing a very very bad day today people yelling at me telling me im not good enough im retarted which i'm not im so stressed out :( 
i guess i can take another nap on this bus , since ill be on it for four more hours ... 😞 
well , uh , i haven't seen it yet . guess i'll go kill myself . 😔 
USERNAME and why the hell didn't you text me to come with y'all you hoe -_- i thought we were fam ! you're a monster ! 😢 👹👺 
USERNAME pashoutout nmn po . :( palagyan po sa dulo ng ( hell follow back ) para po may mag follow . :( 
makes me sad seein my momma like that 😔 😢 but she's okay that's all that matters 
USERNAME kaitlin ... miss u so much :( text mee ! 
USERNAME damn , keisha hopes you find something to do :( 
i wanna be really mean but USERNAME wont let me 😢 
just saw #breakingdawnpart2 i don't know what to do with my life anymore . 💔 
this is great . as if i didn't have a shitty enough day i am covered in hives & itching like crazy . #fml 
i think i broke my nose again today 👃 😣 #nosuccess 
USERNAME not my fault 😞 i tried but you stopped soo yeah ! 
USERNAME i'm soo sorry johnnie i didn't get home till late :( forgive me 
why would you guys brag . me here .... :'( 
feels like its 3 am but it's only 10 pm :( 
i miss my #stockshowtwin , my #stockshowcutie , my #stockshowbesties , and my #stockshowfamily a lot tonight :( USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME yes , cherish them . i still cry over my kitty all the time :c 
, i need to talk or text somebody need to get some stuff off my chest ): 
USERNAME my sister blew us off for tennis today :( would you wana play some time tomorrow after that bday party ? or next weekend ? 
my boyfraan doesn't love me anymore . whatta bummer . :( 
iv had about about 15 years give or take of shaving my legs you would think by now i would have learn not to cut myself 🔪 😣 👎 
USERNAME do you really get them :( those are horrible ! 
USERNAME im in tears right now .. we must voluntear to play football :'( 
having car troubles .. had to leave it on post :( ... worst timing ! 
USERNAME pashoutout nmn po . :( palagyan po sa dulo ng ( hell follow back ) para po may mag follow . :( 
USERNAME justin bieber please bieblieve it 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i do not appreciate my future wife , USERNAME avi . is this a sign she's looking for someone else ? 😭 😭 😭 
put your lips close to mine , as long as they don't touch . out of focus , eye to eye . gravity's too much 💔 💙 💗 
okay okay i need to stop before i get too sad now :( 
im the most emotional person in the work when im tired :( 
USERNAME i don't have anyone to go with 😔 have fun 💙 💙 💙 if it's lame you and USERNAME should comeover im sitting on my couch 
can't remember the last time i had a twinkie , but now i really want one ! road trips w/out donettes won't be the same ! ! :( 
he's actually super cute & i want him to be mine 😔 
i wish the person i liked , liked me back :( 
USERNAME i love you ! i wish you would've been able to stay with us ): 
USERNAME i guess someone wants a pela . 🔥 😾 
if only the theater wouldn't have been closed yesterday i could've watched twilight 😭 
i had this headache all day . i'm going to sleep :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME he didn't get out by the time we left 😔 
phone w / ray . at jalen house ' he gone doe :( 
balling my eyes out . the notebook is so sad . ): 
its saturday night and i have nothing better to do after work :-( 
and i miss keyonna ! and jalil , ant , and tymeree . i miss them the most 😭 lol 
everybody tweeting about there grades but i have nothing proud of to tweet #damn :-( 
being hungry and bored are two things that i seriously hate being ! #bored #hungry 😔 😢 😠 🍟🍔🍕🍴🍤 
i just love how everything keeps getting worse as the day goes on :( ( really can't handle this right now 
“USERNAME i never thought i would be the 1 too fall victim to abuse :'( (((((((((( but i love him so much URL smh 
i wish USERNAME was in vegas this weekend for my birthday :( 
3 months .. troy wasn't himself today 😔 as time goes on it'll get easier but it'll never be okay; rest in paradise doug ❤ 
one min i'm bein their for her an really tryn the nxt idk its like i lose grip of myself :'( 
USERNAME pashoutout nmn po . :( palagyan po sa dulo ng ( hell follow back ) para po may mag follow . :( 
nothing to do on a saturday night ... 😥 😨 
:( he had a good old convo with someone else and i didint even get to say hey to him today :( hate having my phone taken :( 
since i'm depressed imma tweet my life away tonight 😒 ✋ 😞 😔 
it's ten o'clock on a saturday night , and i'm in bed . ugh :( 
idk how people deal with school i suck 😔 2 paper due about 6-7 pgs long and have like 3 finals in 2 days 🔫 this 3 weeks gonna suck 
stomach is killing me badly idk wats rong > :( 
USERNAME soo i tweeted tel and she never tweeted me back :( she okay ? ? ? 
USERNAME 😚 😚 miss youu 😢 and um so where's my nutella ? ;) 
i wish i was going home for thanksgiving break ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 🍃🍂🐔 
USERNAME pashoutout nmn po . :( palagyan po sa dulo ng ( hell follow back ) para po may mag follow . :( 
i don't think anyone understands how much pain i'm in right now ... #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME and bree ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😧 😡 😩😤 
i know people are done talking to me when they just favorite me . ): 
USERNAME USERNAME nall really i thank y'all for really doe y'all took care of me aww i'm about 😥 😥 
#oomf i miss you . i wish we could hang like we did last night . 😔 
i wanted to see the lighting at crocker more than anything tonight :( 
my dad won't even go to the play with me :( #nofriends ..... 
ugh . why must i have to miss my boys' game tomorrow due to work ? ! why ? ! 😔 😭 😑 
breaking dawn part 2 ! 😁 😳 😢 😰 😫 😱 😨 😮 ❤ 💙 💚 💙 ✌ 
USERNAME pashoutout nmn pre . :( palagyan po sa dulo ng ( hell follow back ) para po may mag follow . :( 
and the bobcats ...... are in the loss column . :-( 
USERNAME lol i'm getting there . and i have to be at work at 6am . :( 
USERNAME thanks for that tweet , i forgot about catfish ! ! ! but then again i dont have tv atm :( 
i wish i could spend thanksgiving with bobby this year :'( 
my phone is dying ! ! ! ! ! ): 
i can't help that i was sick a month ago #imtrying #sorry #imgettingbigger 😔 👎 
im crying cause he dont see how much i care and it hurts . i dont like this pain im feeling . :'( 
straight up , calusa is only fun with USERNAME he's the only one that wants to hang out with me #lonerprobz 😔 lol 
this episode of one tree hill 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
wtf is this 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 in dead URL 
my bangs keep poking my eyes . ouch . 😣 
i need someone to talk to idk who thou :'( cuss my qirl in pain n i dont wana put n more weight on her 
taking a huge dump holy omg my rectum is bleeding 😳 😭 
i wanna sleep , but i have the feeling i'm gonna be too restless . :c 
watching dumb and dumber makes me miss my brother ): 
USERNAME agreed ! &ya after mine was hurting too ! i got brusies &blisters too ! ): ouch ! lol 
USERNAME i know i was following you before what even 😭 
oh my god . this is bad . #kstate 😥 
42 to be a 114 ...... guess who lost :( this is super sad .... 
megan fox is in this movie ! USERNAME fuck you :( 
all i want is for USERNAME to follow me , but to bad he hates me :( 
USERNAME loves video games more than he loves me . 😥 
really wish i was bowling with everyone instead of stuck home doing homework 😞 
so jealous you guys got to hang without me :( USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i do its park right outside my window but they won't let me drive it in this weather :'( 
USERNAME i would if i was closer to you ! ! ! ! :( 
i wish i was one of those ppl who dont care wat othr ppl say bout u behind ur back :'( 
spending my night shoving cough drops down my throat . #ihatecoughing #ugh 😷 😭 😵 👎 
i wanna lay down while i'm waiting for joey to pick me up , but i don't wanna mess up my hair :( 
USERNAME i tried calling u this morning but ur phone was off :( 
USERNAME lol i worked all day :( but i set it right see <3 
seriously so upset the twilight series is finally over #sadtweet 
makes me wanna call you a little cunt , and i hate that word . 😣 
that awkward moment when you find a huge crack on your screen #fml 
robbie come home i'm bored i hate when you work late ): 
i feel like shit , this headache will not go away 😞 this is not how i wanted to spend my thanksgiving break . 
USERNAME i didn't really start it . i'm just stuck in the middle 😔 
to all you tburgers applying to syracuse: here's my middle finger , 'cause they don't have my major . #dreamschoolbeforethescholarships :( 
on the phone and trying my best to keep my ❤ from 💔 
USERNAME went before friends bday and had brunch am :( 
gonna miss my babe for the next couple days :( 
USERNAME awwh :( your mommy broke my heart yesterday i said hi to her and she ingores me :( <'3 #heartbroken 
i just need to accept the fact that me and sleep will never be best friends ... 😔 
i teetered people with so much respect and now the way i get teetered is not nice i feel like shit :'( 
i feel like cuddling with him 😞 stupid jobs . 😒 
after three years and one laundry adventure my headphones decided to give up :( #rip 
the fact that my ipod is playing depressing relationship music sucks , especially when you have no one 😭 🔫 
why is no one favoriting or rting me ? ? ? i feel unloved :( (( guess its sweatpants and ben and jerrys time 
if i keep forgetting to renew my passport , then i won't be going to mexico :c 
USERNAME why are you depressing me ? ? :( ( 
i haven't hung out with my boyfriend in almost 2 weekss 😔 😩 
you guys i just love the fact that my boyfriend has barley texted me today .. *high five* :c c 
#whitehouse #dc my coat makes me phat ! :( @ white house , washington dc URL 
USERNAME you put it upon yourself . #itried : ) #youdidnt :( 
ice skating really didn't help my losing of my voice situation . i sound like a preteen boy going thru puberty . #fml 
my eyes are so red it looks like i've been crying 😢 #allergies 
summer 2010 was the best summer ever . 😔 🐴 
i miss my love dearly :-( p . s . when your nt here i sleep in your t-shirt ♥ 
haven't seen USERNAME driving around in a long time . 😥 
my ear nose and throat and head hurt :( ( 
corinne . you brought this upon yourself ! shouldn't have deleted out messages . 💔 
USERNAME that was hilarious;) and that kitty ran away :( but i got a new one named gumbo and he's very saucy 
USERNAME wish my miley was this small still :( URL URL URL 
fii w7da philippiniya kl ma arkab elba9 alageeha bs t'hathir maa tskitt :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME i also live of the 10 freeway , but i don't have a car :( .... at the moment . 
USERNAME hahahahaha ! ganun din ako minsan kaso nahahaluan ng fillers :( 
:s :c :h :o :o :l - you can't find happy faces 
dear USERNAME , sorry for pissing you off ! -dilinna ! :( 
USERNAME either fell asleep or his phone died like always 😔 💔 
USERNAME it's easier said then done .... ugh i'm at a point where i'm done with this shit called love 💔 real talk true story 
i wish you were here next to me ! ! ! 😞 
idk what i ate but i'm not feeling well at all ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i wish you were here ! 😔 
the fact me & #oomf havent talked since last night and we was arguing then :( <<<<<< 
yeah watching you play zombies is really what i want to do on my saturday night ! ! #yeahfuckinright #saveme :( 
USERNAME i bet you wouldn't be mean to me if my name started with an h 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i really don't want to work 11 hours tomorrow 😣 
guess i won't see him tonight . oh well . not like i actually need someone 😢 
dont be jelly of my dog ... she aint that ugly :( 
i'm officially broken . but USERNAME USERNAME makes it all better . 😕 💔 
i'm surrounded by 6'10 basketball players and i'm like 5'nothing #ifeelsoshort #sadtweet 
USERNAME aww , i love & miss you soo much brenda :( 
USERNAME mason r we friends ? ? ? ? ? ? :-( 
USERNAME yes but i did the dumbest shit and forgot my id so im omw back home to get it :( 
USERNAME USERNAME behind my hate is jealousy . i can't participate 😔 
can i just stop being sick ? #mychesthurts #ouch #workallsunday #fml 
USERNAME because they won't want me driving home late :( 
nobody else in my family listens to half the music i do . 😔 
if its not my thyroid , i might have bronchitis :( 
USERNAME noo i won't be crying if i'm coming back :( 
USERNAME i never do anything or id invite you :( we should do something though ! 
USERNAME looked for the back of your creator's head in the #firefly10th credits . didn't spot him . :-( 
i already miss my work friends USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( 
2do día con temperatura , cuerpo cortado , dolor de cabezaa ! ! #yanoquieroo 😢 😢 😢 😢 
i really miss heroes . sylar never got the redemption he deserved . :( 
everything in the world is pouring into my mind . 😣 
USERNAME because i'm going to see my brother play a show and you have to be 18 to get in . :( 
kennedy . i miss you . and kelsey </3 USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME oh that's right i knew that ! yeah it's ridiculous ! and i missed you at fatz :( 
USERNAME i only just got your text for some reason ! and now i can't reply . strange ! hope you're okay and safe ! i miss you :( 
USERNAME where can i watch it live ! ? ): 
what the hell USERNAME lindsey invited USERNAME to chicago why didnt you invite me :( #rude 
i ate a big box of chinese food then eat half of a foot long sub :( ntn more fi the night 
ainda não comprei o álbum novo do no doubt . :( 
i miss falling asleep and waking up next to my best friend 💔 
lost my best friend . my fault though , .... like always ! 💔 😭 
maybe i should stop being so nice to ppl cuz i don't like the respect i'm getting back i trusted ppl never again 😭 
USERNAME yea cause there aint nothin else we can do :( lol party get fucked up , school do hw , nd party again lol . but how have you been ? 
USERNAME what happened to you ? like one day you were there the next your gone :( 
it's seriously just going to keep getting worse , and worse , and worse . 😔 😭 😩 😓 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME omg ! :( #ripavalanna we miss you ! 💜 😘 😔 our sweet little angel ! <3 #mrsbieber 
i don't even know what i want right now . 😔 
USERNAME exactly ! i cant do anything in life .. :( cus i'll always be worrying about the resutsl/effects 
USERNAME i don't like twinkies , but i'm gonna miss every other hostess product #sadtweet 
no way . icarly is coming to an end . USERNAME USERNAME nathankress USERNAME :( (((( 
i always regret all the shit i tell my parents when im mad . :c 
USERNAME aw thanks ash ! ! ! i had fun today , but i wish you could have came :( (ps my birfday isn't actually today lol) 
USERNAME unfortunately my niece isn't even here right now ): 
USERNAME one day trip for me . :( gotta work monday . 
USERNAME i wanted tickets for mondays show requested tickets never received an email so upset 😭 😢 
USERNAME are you really watching a movie without me ! ? 😭 😭 😭 
poor #kitty :( 10 month old cat that died of some sort of strangulation @ smithsonian natural history museum URL 
i really hate to say this but i'm actually embarrassed to be a tn fan right now .. 😔 
wish i could see . she dug my contacts out 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME yes i admit it - well i guess the game was killed off in the 17th min ! :-( 
if you know me , you know i fucking love this song 😭 URL 
i cried during breaking dawn pt . 2 😢 😢 😰 
i haven't seen my brother all day ! ! USERNAME stole him tonight 😔 
no way . icarly is coming to an end . USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( (((( 
USERNAME what r u so miserabl about hhon ! ? :( 
USERNAME i know that's your weakness . no reason to un follow me 😥 
USERNAME lmao . cx lies . i've been feeling like this for a while o; i'm fucken lame maayne v.v 
USERNAME noo he did , my plans fell through 😔 
i know you are where you are for the right reasons and to get better 😢 ❤ 
USERNAME yo atii ! ! ! ! ! mucho ): 
USERNAME hahaha i miss you more noodle :( i'm at my sisters house how about you beauty 
not excited for the calling hours on monday . it's all i keep thinking about 😔 
i always hope that your gonna text me .. but then i know your not gonna 😞 😞 🔫 
the things i would do for a care package or surprise gift 😔 
breaking dawn was amazing ! ! ! i'm so sad the saga is over 😞 
never 💔 . but i've been in 💏. we can do that and we would have some good 💑 
happy 13th birthday jasmine marie carpio <3 love you for eternity baby sis , i miss you ... :'( ... <3 URL 
USERNAME foreals ! </3 :c right now is when i need you the most , angel left with juan && mark ! so im in my moms room drinking al0ne ! (/.\) 
USERNAME aww 😔 well you need to go to one hun .. 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i know i was sad .. :( 
this was not supposed to happen . but like always , i get the blame for everything and nobody listens to me . #awesome 😥 🙈🙉🙊 
USERNAME foreal right i fucking suckedd its cause it was my first time :( 
i could never live alone this shit is scary 😥 
USERNAME low key sister , i don't know what's wrong with max;/ he has been crying a lot for no reason ! i feel sad ! 😭 🐶 💔 
sleeping early today :( nothing to do (@ sara's) URL 
USERNAME please just follow me :( ((((((((((( i wish you were on this stage tonight 
USERNAME USERNAME this better be legit . or people will be sad :-( lol 
happy 13th birthday jasmine marie carpio <3 still wish it was me instead of you , i miss you ... :'( .... <3 <3 
my back freaking hurts ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😫 😣 😁 😭 
sherry don’t fuck wit me no no tho lol 😔 
playing black ops with babe . it's hard :( lol 
so tired ! my throat hurts , my feet hurt . time to fall asleep in the shower :( 
i wish i was getting a wii u tomorrow . :-( 
USERNAME i would be in tears singing along with you to glow and forgivness :'( (( 
didn't text back because he know everything is all gone .. </3 
hopefully i'll see my best friend tonight . 😞 i've missed her ! 
this time tmrw ill be sleeping with USERNAME #cantwait #misshim 😔 
rmac volleyball championship match (set 4 ): colorado mines 8, regis 6 #rmacvb 
wishing i would have stayed for the game now :( 
fuck ari and chris for making my girlfriend even more 😭 
ya cambió a urquiza ! ! ! jajaja 😭 @ the bridle path URL 
USERNAME i really want to but i’m still in my pajamas and everything . :( 
there's a maker's mark shortage in america , and chelsea is officially a victim . :( 
USERNAME i'm going on a diet . 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME wahh 😭 i'll have to sing and dance alone hahaa 
i really miss both of my uncle franks and my pop pop :( 
“USERNAME lil o feat . beyoncé. :( URL waitt ! ! ! when did this occur ? ! ? ! ? ! lmaoo ! ! ! 
fuck ari and chris for making me miss my girlfriend even more 😭 
USERNAME what will it take for you to follow me . :( 
why would you eat ice cream if you have a broken heart ? so you can be fat and sad ? no . get it together and buy a new dress . 💅👠🎀👛💄💎 💔 💗 
USERNAME ayy ganda ba ? hhahaha di ako fan ng bleach :( 
im so fucken sad ... i need her ... she wont reply to me i really fucken need her .... :'( .... #death 
forgot my rubber at home when i needed it the most . #fml 
USERNAME ah looking at our fifth grade year book a few days ago , we've grown up so much ! makes me sad :( 
USERNAME :( im boutta start an epidemic ! everyone will be saying niggy soon 
guess ill be in for tonight my brother gone n babe gone ..... smh :( 
damn i missed my 7000th tweet without giving a s/o #sadday 
i think ima die tonite 😷 😰 😷 😰 😷😷😷💉💊💊💉💉💀💀💀💀 ando bien pinche malo :( ( 
soo . the guy i told y'all i have a crush on , right ? his friend likes me . and has aggressively made it known . 😞 😞 😞 
so drained ... can't wait til i'm able to eat a meal ... tired of being sick :-( 
poor boys 😔 my heart goes out for the ut players tonight . 
oregon uniform blowin up the internet (pic ): URL -- athlete swag USERNAME is this the oregon you always talk about ? lol 
breaking dawn part 2 was amazing ! but sad to see the twilight saga end 😔 thanks USERNAME for taking me too see it ! 👍 ❤ #breakingdawnpart2 
USERNAME me too ... 😢 have fun ! love y'all ! 😘 
USERNAME i was being sweet til u stopped txting me :( hurt my feelings 
watching tv then going to sleep .... gotta get up early for work :-( (@ a7xtremechick's room) URL 
the one night i want to go out and no one is here 😞 
i'm so sick of being alone all the time 😔 
USERNAME - whaat ? ! jeez ! i wish i knew abt it ! 😧 
USERNAME i'm at a house party in pelham . :-( 
haven’t talked to my best friend is literally 2 days straight . :( USERNAME 
USERNAME nomas eh encontrados de estos ughh 😒 😭 URL 
USERNAME i only come with pickles . :( like pickles ? 
USERNAME today no boys broke my heart but u did 💔 
haven’t talked to my best friend in 2 days straight . :( USERNAME 
USERNAME do you just like not answer your phone ? i need to talk to you its important :( miss you <3 
USERNAME :( okay ,. i guess if it's going to make you happy . 
i wish i could bring around my iphone without a case but i'm clumsy and i'll probably crack it :( 
USERNAME oh uh oh that's not good ! if taryn is turning violent something is definitely wrong . sorry darlin 😞 👎 hope things are alright 
haven’t talked to my best friend for 2 days straight . :( USERNAME 
USERNAME nomas eh encontrados de estos ughh 😒 😭 URL 
great foresters cd release party & sharing the stage w/ the bands they played w over the past 2 yrs . missed hayden :( URL 
never make yourself feel like nothing , to make someone else feel like everything #thisissome 😔 
you made family game nights the best . </3 #iloveyou #hostess #neverbethesame @ hello kitty's house URL 
USERNAME i tried switching my , name to pickle on facebook but wont let me </3 
USERNAME waah i won't be able to make it ! ! ! ) ): please let me know how it goes ! 
USERNAME i wasn't invited :( jk , jk .... have fun ! 
USERNAME makes fun of me becuz i can't see his iphone icon .... :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME yes we miss you like crazyy 😢 😢 😢 😢 
USERNAME funny . i have paper which disproves spock .. you lose 👎 😭 
USERNAME lmao sure ! that maze was fucking fun and scary v.v & i never had balls to dis activate mine ! 
today i got called a 'fine ass chick' by a guy . he was wasted 😔 #shelbieproblems 
USERNAME i did feel special , up until you call me a b' :( 
omg :( praying for those 48 kids who died in egypt and the 4 veterans in texas . they all got hit by trains . so sad . 
broski the feminine touch;) #fml now i'm always cookingfor him #notnice 
USERNAME i wish i did the same whenever i should have 😥 
crying to romance movies realizing i'm forever alone 😥 💔 
channing tatum has a wife .... my life has no purpose anymore 😢 💔 
on thing i hate about my work .. i miss the bulls game all the time now :( (( 
i wish more than anything i was with my boy right now 😩 😔 
sunday morning , udon and a funny movie . the only thing missing is my guy :( 
USERNAME i miss you :( i'm here are you ? ? 
crying<<< hope you're happy that you make me feel like this . </3 
i wish ou wasn't falling apart 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME awh ): well thank you anyway ! ! ! 😊 
USERNAME lucas , rachel , marco , and nicole 😔 
USERNAME well i won't be there :( ill see yal in december . 
who wants to go to the movies with me ? 😔 
just found out about hostess . .. so devastating :( ((((( 
swear i'm gonna die . no more skin id ? goodbye perfect skin . hello acne #whatislife #fml :( (( 
sometimes , if i talk fast , i cant say my s's & i studder :c 
USERNAME hurry brother ! ! why are you on private now ? :( 
i can't stand to just sit here and do nothing with myself ! help me :( getting surgery done sucks #sobored may read textbooks or lord 
something is so wrong with me the last week 😔 
i've felt increasingly nauseated and tired all day . :( looks like i have a hot date with netflix tonight . 
i have a sweet tooth and it's affecting my diet get these pretzels out of my hands ! 😭 
i cant focus on this paper . and i feel very crappy about what i do have done :( 
USERNAME gonna miss seeing your crazy self on icarly ! :( 
USERNAME wahh it's so sad that we would be having fun dancing right now on counters if we were in oney miss yeww 💔 
USERNAME ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? sigh :( 
watching james bond made me really want to go back to europe already :( 
ima miss my bookie USERNAME for this week .... we haven't been apart for this long or this far ! ! ! :( sad story ... 
what id give to dance in the dt finale ): 
they need a mean muggin' emoji ): < aka the kirsten emoji lololol 
bring me wing stop ! ! ! somebody , please 😣 
you'll never understand until it happens to you . 😔 
USERNAME i wish ! nick is hungry so i brought him to the paragon grill in hull to eat :( 
USERNAME USERNAME he's the only one that doesn't have it </3 he hates us 
USERNAME hahahaha , i've always wanted to try it out .... no ? not a good idea ? okay 😔 
USERNAME at work :( are you down to go when i get out ? ! lol 
just landed in providence :( #ew back to reality . 
hurry up train ! don't like sitting here alone :'( 
USERNAME your to far from me :( on my birthday weeken d: ( 
i want to go to paint drop so bad 😢 
always good to see USERNAME i miss our candystriping days so bad ! :( 
USERNAME damnn i thought i was the first to find this :( 
USERNAME cole is going to georgia or something :'( no double date for us . how about a single date ? ;) 
USERNAME dude ! stop . i cannot see your emoji ... :( 
USERNAME when she tags me at the last second .... </3 <<<< 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i hate all you . i'll think of you guys while i study ): 
USERNAME hah i can't hate papa z for his duck hunting :( but it's so sad ! they were just minding there own business and got killed #rip 
i am so scared about this and i can't even talk to my best friend about it :( i don't know what 2 do and my head hurts so bad ! ! ! 
guys our cam just won't connect to cam4 right now . :( ( sad to say , but looks like the show tonight is cancelled . :,( 
USERNAME USERNAME lupe dont love me tho . #sadtweet . 
USERNAME shut up which one ! we just left to go see our movie 😔 
USERNAME no i'm going back to the cities on tuesday :( 
had to come all the way back to work cause i forgot my keys 😭 🔫 
am i the only one who is running out of things to tweet about #perksofbeingdesi ? lol 😔 
my crush on you got like 10x bigger tonight #wishyouknew 😔 💙 
really wish i coulda went up to state with USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME :( #fuckwork 
USERNAME 😢 😣 i don't know what to do with my life right now 
USERNAME miss you more :( and all my other friends aren't here . :( 
im not even going to lie my feelings are hurt :( 
USERNAME maybe next year ! ! ! we don't have a license there yet ! ! :( 
USERNAME i can imagine how 8-1 would feel from your perspective , sucks complete dick from mine tho :( 
the worst feeling is losing the person you lovee . . . 😔 
#obsessed with twilight ! soo sad it's over 👎 😢 
guna start praying every night things hopefuly will get better for me soon and lot of bad things happening :( jst hard times right now 4 me . 
USERNAME why are you apologizing ! :( are you breaking up with me 
seriously the best movie ever ! #can 'tbelievetheseriesisover ! ): 
USERNAME it's okay . i didn't want to hang out with you any ways . :c 
im not ashamed of believing in jesus christ ! ! & im not ashamed of believing in go d: - ): - ): -) 
to my last tweet: we soo don't got this . :( 
USERNAME ! oh im sorry :( ! ! hope you will get well soon ! ! 
i'm so tired and don't want to work tomorrow . #fml 
i think i'm getting a migraine and i don't have my meds #fml #bedtimeforme 
i have some seriously insane cravings for an addie's burrito right now ! ! #wishingiwasincalifornia :( URL 
USERNAME aww i'm sorry girl :( i hope everything turns out good ! 
USERNAME USERNAME wish i could be there guys ! :( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 ok ok i will sob tonight but then think of smooches i 4givw u 
none of my friends can sleepover . it sucks . i wana have sleepovers like normal people too . :c #sadtweet 
USERNAME USERNAME and in our case , 7000 schoolkids will be inhaling roughly 60 tons of particulate pollution (most deadly form). :( 
there are only 5 more episodes of gossip girl left ... 😭 😭 😭 😭 
everyone's talking about breaking dawn . i hate you :( 
fuck been at work since 7 am haven't been home at all . :( 
first night without megs in a long time 💔 #babycomeback #missyou 
USERNAME dont talk to me ! you forgot about me :'( 
i have waited for you everyday , hoping that you'd come back into my life & now it's sad to know that you aren't anytime soon . 💔 
i really want those kobe's ! ! ! ): they're beautiful . 
going home to new jersey :( i'm not ready ! 
USERNAME jajajaja te amoo:*. soy vengativa bien sabes ve :( 
i just really wanna cuddle right now ! ): 😞 
USERNAME ... nice ! ! ! ! wish i cud be there ! ! ! :( have fun guys 
USERNAME i see : b that's explains a lo t.t hen ( x 
USERNAME & USERNAME are playing a great set for #cotg ! tune into be-a t.t v . 
lost 2 times in ice skating becuz of USERNAME USERNAME hahaha ! love you guys ... =/ </3 meanies ... 
USERNAME USERNAME he doesn't hate you .. why do you think that ? 😳 😔 
why can't i find a guy like ryan gosling ? ? ! ! ? ! ? where did my life go wrong 😩 😭 
having a bad night . decide to go eat some oreos . couldnt find them , ask my mom what the empty container was .. they ate them all ! #fml #crying 
that was extremely disappointing . we are the red headed stepchild of the sec 😔 😞 😣 
USERNAME it was soo wack without my main bitch for realsies :( come home already 
USERNAME :( :( he needs to be better for our engagement pictures tomorrow ! he currently cnt breath lol not so good 
babe doesnt get off till 10 ... :( i can't wait to see him after work ! ! 
havent been on a date with my boothang USERNAME in a min :( 
struggling everyday in my life now i feel like i cant breathe take it any more and theirs people not here for me at all :( im very upset 
USERNAME yeah i know :( then goodright started laughing at me for it ... bitch 
USERNAME seems like yesterday we were in 6th grade at orientation 😣 
USERNAME :( gotta do what you gotta do ! lol 
USERNAME :( it's okay i guess . i will let you know how you will make it up to me ;) 
USERNAME i know ! i was gonna save it for then but i'm outta alcohol and it's gonna be a lonng night lol 😭 
USERNAME you were there ? ! why am i bad at noticing stuff 😔 
i hate flying && i'm in a bad mood . this should be fun 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME maaybe you should text me baack 😔 👊 💔 
USERNAME , dnt dm , dnt talk to me , dnt even look my wayy . #madtweet #sadtweet 
my wallet got stolen at the beach today but i flew from mpls to miami to see you ! help me out dillon , we met in mpls ): URL 
im sleepy and i haven't talked to her @ all today :-( #disappointing saturday 
ya know , i'm happy for edward ... renessme or w . e . is adorable 😔 
USERNAME lucky :( paul's taking me tomorrow .. miss you too ! 
USERNAME look at my sexy aunty patty #maddrass i miss you guys :( 
USERNAME toinks ! ang word mo kuya , di kanais-nais :( ((( mag isa ka lang diyan sa qc ? 
i miss bisma :/ i haven't talked to her in forever :c 
i can still remember how you passed in my arms as if it were yesterday ..... </3 
USERNAME i got you on a movie next time ! and i didn't have a ride back to school . i'm sorry ! #sadtweet 
im hungry :( & not a dam thing to eat here . 
USERNAME omg how adorable , i've contemplated sneaking brody back to school with me but he's just a lil bit too big 😔 
im so sick of bein sick ! .. & lonely .. :( 
USERNAME lmao . same . ~ waiting on my sis to come home v.v 
all my friends were laughing at me in the movie theatre :( 
i miss my gay ass friend doe 😔 😔 😔 , he was like my bf but a girly one ! 
aijnwdjnuenjeuhruhnrfrn4irnm4ru im done :( rt USERNAME read the first comment & cry along with me URL 
why the fuck do i even care at this point ! 😞 
USERNAME very true he is the best ! too bad he had no problem hating me :( 
USERNAME omg that's so funny ! too bad i'm not short :( 
by far the worst weekend i have ever had . #fml 
i hate the fact that i have to stay in on a saturday night ! ! 😫 😭 😢 
y'all please pray for me because i'm about to go insane worrying about USERNAME 🙏 😢 😰 
getting my man card revoked tonight 😔 lol @ harkins URL 
holy fuck ! ! ! ! ! i need my friends USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😔 
USERNAME ya sé, la misma cantaleta de hace años :( 
hi um i thought we were done w the 3 am wake up calls ? ? ? ? 😔 oh well 💤✈✈✈✈✈💤 
USERNAME atleast get his autograph for me next weekend . i won't be in town so i can't go :( 
i miss USERNAME :c he's one of the coolest/best guy ive ever met 
malikk said i can't post my pictures on instagram ): 
allright change of plans now . now i don't have shit to do . man this is just not my week huh ? #fml 
the fact that my phone only works when it's pulled in sucks so much 😒 😔 can't wait to get the iphone 5 
it was so hard saying bye to my best friend , knowing it was her last day at petland ! 😭 #imgoingtomissher #bigsister #loveher 
my phone is messed up still 😔 with work and basketball though it makes it impossible to get out to buffalo . #appleproblems 📱 😕 
imagine going into the kitchen with a goal . this goal being making coffee . you approach the kuerig and there's no more coffee . the end . 💔 
can USERNAME get off of work already 😭 😭 😭 
he fuckin lives with you & you barely ever see me ... why leave me down here by myself juss to say bye for 20 mins .. :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME not legal for another week :( 
can i not have club tryouts all day tomorrow ? ! 😪 😰 😭 😓 
i need to be with him to get things off my mind :( 
nothing . 😔 rt USERNAME fuck these niggas be doing to/with y'all lol ? 
it sucks i care so much about you . and i know your going to get hurt 😔 
USERNAME haha . it was way worse . they stopped right before you looked . a lot of rubbing was happening . haha 😖 😒 😧 
now my stomach is talking to mee ! ! ahh 😩 😣 😖 😫 
USERNAME i wish i could go and watch . :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :'( i no i may nevr meet u but ill always <3 u URL 
gotta wake up dumb early tomorrow for some mandatory meeting at my job 😔 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME i wish lol i wanna drink every day anymore 😔 
my toenail looks ugly from smashing it on the door :( 
didn't go to follies :/ i kinda feel bad now 😞 i'm sorry ... #toolazy #soisdad 
USERNAME i hope your baylor bears can pull this off and beat #1 ks st ! not such a great day for my tx tech red raiders :( 
i must be getting sick , this food is tasting nasty 😔 🔪 💔 💩 
it's awkward that my trainer has sat right in front of us this whole time 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME obvs , i'm just a cover up :( 
bud light lime reminds me soo much of my cottage :( #takemeback 
USERNAME 💔 next week you can join us ! ! 
breaking dawn was so good 😭 ..... i cried . 
i just want him back in my life , why did you have to take him away from me ? </3 
holy crap . twilight is over . what else is there to look forward to ? :'( 
if only i had a best friend to cuddle with me & make me cookies :( #sicky 
love will always have its complications i guess #sigh :( 
ironic how exactly a year ago we were watching breaking dawn part 1 in theaters and now i have no one to watch part 2 with 😞 
when my boy sad it literally breaks my heart . #sadtweet 
USERNAME :( rt USERNAME lip biting triggers chemicals in your brain that get rid of stress , anxiety , and boosts your mood 
sigh just a pree sey mi nah nuh frenz up yah lol :( 
my twife tlkin about my voice huhh :-( she said i gotta bby voice 
USERNAME haha no ! im kidding babe im bored ! :( eh . shoutout for shoutout ? 
wish i was as cute as USERNAME but it just isn't possible 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME well i guess this means i can't refer to myself as a rapper anymore .. damn 😞 
like my toe nail got crushed today by big foot but it survived n so did my nail but it hurts 😢 
"USERNAME killa keise - bust his head (feat . ya boy) (2005 ): URL via USERNAME 
well that's it last highschool football game ever and i wasn't even there .... :( can i please redo senior year ! ? 
USERNAME might be the end of the road for the hammer , although i . hope not :( 
USERNAME really wanted to meet you today , but checked out da batmobiles outside #heinzfield :( hope 2cu playing soon ! #steelernation 
sometimes you just have to let go , no matter how hard it may seem . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME vehicle ! ! ! :-( come get me lol 
aww love i can't stand to hear people say that :( rt 
sometimes it's better to let god ... cause i'm seriously out of patience and options 💔 💨💨💨 #alotonmymind #smh #lonelyheart 
USERNAME a freaking lot :( lol . make a whole fortune telling program based on her guidelines lol 
i really wish USERNAME was of legal drinking age ): 
while everyone else has a lovely thanksgiving with their families , i will be serving the wealthy and working my ass off that day #fml 
USERNAME im wicked sick and got the puppy today . bad combination 😔 
the fact that i have to my hair again cause i sweat it out at practice<<< #fml 
sad i cant even stay up to watch my favorite christmas movie . :( 
i want to go out ! ! ! ! ! :( 
so this is what you do to my heart ! ! ! ! * </3 * :( never ever will i fall for you again >:/ 
having to leave my festivities early and go to work :( 
why did prison break have to end and why did michael have to die 😭 😔 😪😫 #bringitback 
we all have that one crush not even our best friends know about . 😏 😔 😳 😱 
USERNAME no :c i just took it again lmao . 
whats best for me is to be with you ... not the opposite 😔 
the moments i relee need you . i can't find you 😔 😞 
in other news: 5% battery . this will be my last tweet until i get home with my wii u . :( #wiiulaunch 
not going to be with my best friend tonight 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME no te diqo u break me corazon </3 con tus offensas 
i just want to cuddle with USERNAME watching wizard of oz and going to sleepss . 😔 but i guess abby and csi will do for now ! 😔 😏 
news travels fast ya'll USERNAME is single again . watch out fellas she's a heartbreaker 😘 💔 💔 
USERNAME a lot of reasons :( i'll fill you in when we hangout . 
i'm so thirsty 😔 but i don't feel like getting up 
USERNAME haha i didn't even watch the game i died and went to sleep haha but i do owe u in n out now :( 
chelsea talking to her boyfriend . i feel so lonely :c URL 
i wish i could watch this game right now . wah 😔 
#rihannafilter rt USERNAME he hit me :'( ((((( but i love him so much URL 
you know you're getting old when you don't get carded at the bar :( 
its just tre & me today ! mariah left me .. ): 
and i'm sorry my car had to be the one to die :( the danger ranger tires out easily . 
i forgot to print out my essay for english on friday so now i have to start over ! :'( 
USERNAME that stuff makes me nervous ! ! 😔 i know to trust him though ! 
i'm so lame i can barely keep my eyes open . i'm bout to fall asleep :( 
thank you jesus 🙏🙌 😱 😭 @ mendoza casita URL 
USERNAME i need justin . something bad happened ! :( 
i look back and see how life has changed 💔 
feel sick .. ready to be home & cuddled up in bed . 😣 
dear #oomf , we're not together but no one is allowed to date you , touch you , kiss you , love you , or need you . 😔 😒 
USERNAME what ! ? i didnt see you ! but we done left .. :( 
USERNAME 😔 sorry you're having such a sucky night . might as well use some of that bread for 🍃🍃🍁🍃🍃 ❤ 
USERNAME miss you already too :( have a good breakk ! #ben 
USERNAME this seasons cause i was hungover as fuck and totally out of it and when we went down i’m just like fml not again gunners :( 
omg my knee hurts so bad i can barely walk on it ugh :( y'all pray for me 
USERNAME 😥 😢 😭 don't say that i'm playing kings ! 
USERNAME i changed my mind 😞 unless i change my mind again later but idk i got home and i felt like death 
USERNAME wiff mee ? ......... no ! .. ok :c 
USERNAME ? ? ? ? ? ! ! ? 😩 that was fast ! ! ! ! ! can't wait to hear all about it ! hope you are ok ! 💔 
i often remind myself , things can always be worst than what they already are ! #smh 😞 😒 😒 
USERNAME ok ill try lol , i feel dumb when it comes to twitter :( 
USERNAME haha well i'm definitly not going :( but ill see you at practice ! 
USERNAME you should have come to my school with lizzie this weekend . i miss you too . :( 
i can't .... vodkas becoming too much ... fmll must be wgw doee :( 
USERNAME he asked her to marry him . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
our last home football game :( @ tiger stadium URL 
headache . need someone to cuddle with . i'm lonely . :( 
i knew that i was going to be sad after #breakingdawnpart2 ... but now that the movie is over- the mourning begins😫 😥 😕 USERNAME 
i wish i was with USERNAME right now 😖 😔 
USERNAME i miss you too brother . ): you better come 
i wish i could pull off bangs :( or a middle part , or anything #lolatmyfacedoe 
it brings tears to my eyes to see oregon punt on 4&1 😢 😪 😥 😰 
just watched jared fall to his death . 😣 @ lex luthor: drop of doom URL 
i need to find my book . i need to find my wallet . i need to find my watch . i need to find myself . what's wrong with me ? 😞 
this is 100% right , and that creeps me out #uhwhat 😦 URL 
USERNAME but you got some in july . i didn't even get any for my birthday in august 😭 
siick :( luckily i have a wonderful girlfriend who takes care of me , even if she tries forcing soup and nyquil into my system . USERNAME <3 
USERNAME blaah . no but i mean i guess is okay i just can't handle awkwardness very well and it's very very awkward 😭 
i wish my bestfriend shelby was here to take care of me . :( 
my mom just ran over a kitten 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
tbh: i thought i could bbm in the states without it charging me :/ :'( 
i only have 1 big christmas wish but i don't think imma get it 😔 
USERNAME nope , phone isn't charged ): i've been too lazy to charge it heehee 
USERNAME i know ! i deff . miss y'all ): 
so i ran out of sleeping pills only two left :( 
USERNAME hahaha . if i end up marrying the guy i'm with now , he cares enough to veto hanson unfortunately . :( 
ugh this damn show fucked up our whole plans whatever make ya 💰boo guess i see u tomorrow 😞 
i'm sitting back watching some of the people at this concert…i'm just like… 😦 …really ? ? ? craziness… 
<---cry baby , sensitive ass fred . 🙍 😒 😭 
idk if its just me . but when happy music come on it makes me think of our happy times and then i cry my eyes out 😭 
gettin ready to leave to go out & realize macy's didnt take the damn sensor off my new blazer ! ! #pissed ! :( 
i don't like it when people subtweet bout me ): 
wow 1 minute just went by really really slow 😔 😪😪 
USERNAME i wish you were here right now :( (((((((( #ineedmybestfriend 
i want someone to be the upbeat to my downbeat again :( ( 
2 days down , 9 more to go 😔 . i just want my baby to come home already 
really want to cuddle right now ! ! 😔 💗 
does anyone wanna hang out ? i'm pretty lonely :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! :( it's been a week too long 
i hate senior send offs . make me realize what brothers won't be around anymore . #depressing 
USERNAME why would you wish for that ? ? ? no way hahaha i would never ever want that to happen :( 
wishing i was at ski camp with my girls USERNAME & USERNAME right now . :( #tradition #skifamily 
when your girlfriend is constantly calling you a creep :( <<< 
writing a new song with USERNAME but priencess is not here :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME nobody liked my suggestion . :( ha h 
USERNAME haha i know ! :( ( taco bell every single night ! lmao ! #missitsomuch #missyouu 
USERNAME seriously , i already know she's going to be out of control 😔 
smh i dropped my bed on my foot . feels like something broke . happened to fast . :-( 
USERNAME feel pretty good during the day but at night i feel like crap and can't stop coughing ! may have to make a trip to the doc again ! 😞 
USERNAME haha it sucks ! ! i'm waiting for my sister to come back with my food ! :( 
USERNAME i got 200 on friday and most of its gone . 😔 
every time i see a tweet by USERNAME i just miss him more and more 😔 
USERNAME oh haha lol it turned out the guy was a total jerk to me :( that's why i have so many songs about him 
omg breaking dawn was amazing ! i cried lol . im sad now there's no more :( 
what did i do to get this kind of treatment ....... :'( bedtime yal 
when your mom doesnt lhet you do nothinq , then you do a sad face , then she tells youu & then throws water at chu :'( 
ezria 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ 
i love USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME and #babyclaire so much ugh so much and we all really miss USERNAME so much 😭 #seeyousoon 
i had a great talk with lebron . thanks for everything mr . lebron . thanks USERNAME for telling your dad i was going to call him . 😁🙏🙌👍✨ 😢 
USERNAME exactly . my previous major didn't include kids . #depressing #lifechange i want to run a daycare for 2-5yr olds . 
USERNAME i guess this is it 😔 you're so sweet & i love you , the people who are being mean can go die in a fire . i ♥ u . goodbye 😢 
USERNAME tell mr . eccles to suck a dick ....... but i'm not sure because ill be with anthony for thanksgiving in shelton , so i dunno 😥 
so perf ... all i need is a cuddle buddy 😢 URL 
these last few hours of work are going to take forever since i'm sick , tired , & don't want to be here . #fml #wanttoplayblops2 #needsleeptoo 
USERNAME sorry , ill make sure to send . him your way next time ... :( 
this ... this is dedicated to god ( USERNAME ) and jesus( USERNAME ): /sings ... once i rose above the noise and confusion #supernatural 
idk what imma do without my twinkies 😫 😶 👊 💔 
calling it a night early 😔 🎧🌙 work early in the morning , #goodnight #teamdavidcorrey #teamdavidcorrey USERNAME 
USERNAME no its not its annoying ! ! ! ! what the heck why arent you going home ? ! ? ! :( 
USERNAME i should ! i was thinking of selling it all on ebay , but i dont know , i just want it all gone 😿 
dressing the broskis but i choose to wear sweats and a sweater -__- #fml 
USERNAME i diid . i just haven't been on too much to notice ): 
i'm so goddamn single :( idk what to do with myself 
wish my bro wouldn't keep things from me and ty ! ! #sadtweet 
the one time i actually need someone there's no one around ... 💔 
thats my whole fuckin day taken away from me :( 
i hate the hospital :( @ marshall south er URL 
everyone loves to snap chat me when i look like crap . then when i'm looking decent nobody snapchats me :( it's almost depressing ! 
just got a phone call my lil sister stopped breathing 😢 😪 😥 😓 
im so upset that USERNAME unfollowed me :( sike nahh 
it takes a second to say hello but forever to say goodbye . </3 
i don't wanna let oomf down but i think i may have too < 😞 💔 
USERNAME lucky duck i still have monday and tuesday ! :( and yayy ! #soexcitedtoseeyou 
USERNAME text me back it's important ! 😁 😒 😔 😣 
my kids will never taste the greatness of a twinkie 😞 
that sad moment when you see your bffl isn't following you on instagram </3 USERNAME 
loree said she thought i unmarried her but i just deactivated :( so she unmarried me but she said we'll get married again <3 33333 
fever + headache + sore throat + stuffy nose + tummy ache = lousy , sleepless night 😪 😥 😰 😓 😢 
my bestfriend stays calling me by my middle name ... 😾 
USERNAME :-( sorry friend i know got some to drank over there 
culpa da loirinha q dormiu e me deixou sozinha :( 
ugh so mad i missed USERNAME because of stupid work :( ((((((( #fml 
i'm so gal darn hungry and there is not food in my house that looks appetizing . :( 
my hampster diedd ): omg omg omg . rest in peace baby nugget ): URL 
just got back from the movies (twilight) it was ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ♥ ♥ :{ d 
just seen breaking dawn ... for the 2nd time this weekend 😒 cried .... again 😔 
it's going to kill me , waiting 10 days so i can give you you're gift 😔 
when i show i care its like it doesnt matter , but when i dont it starts a war </3 
damn i cnt sleep w/out my love tellin me goodnight & he love me :-( 
gahh . i don't even like this kind of music . #fml #alwaysme 
every time i see the notebook , it always gets to me . 😭 😭 
USERNAME haha im horrible at stories :( . chester still loves you but he feels neglected . still have your charger btw . 
me & USERNAME suppose to hang out today :-( ! 
USERNAME i'm literally about to pass out ... :( #illtrymybest 
going to stgnatius and then hearing all this loosing shit ): 
USERNAME no .. i don't feel good ! 😞 🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫 
my knee literally wants to kill me after today . #ouch 😣 
why am i not seeing my baby tonight ! ? ! ? USERNAME #sadtweet 
think i'm finna call it a night too , got a headache 😔 
USERNAME lol all my plans got ruined tonight ! 😢 
its times like this where i had a guy who would make me smile :( 
wait i was supposed to make colin lunch today ! USERNAME #sorry 😔 
me: porque no tengo amigas :( ? ! mom: para question quieres putas ! lmfao ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! dead ! ! ! ! 
that moment when i want to watch a scary movie but i can't because none of suitemate are home and im too scared to be alone :'( #comehome 
so sad i'm always broke :( i like shopping way too much and i live on my own #shitsexpensive #brokeprobs 
can't hangout tonight & this boy is makin me feel bad# :/ #damn 😔 
the zipper on my combat boots broke . worst day ever 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME thank you ! i really appreciate that . i think all i really need right now is sleep :( haha . do you have any kids ? 
USERNAME rock me is 'fbnsrbnsfobunrgpbiunbpiurtrbr ♥ . ♥ my replay button broke by accident tho :c 
USERNAME zip it , i loved my old ford :( p . s . its actually dark blue lol 
why am i such a dummy gummy ? ! 😁 😔 
so i was watching la bamba with my mom and we both start crying . saddest movie ever 💔 😪 
i really wish i coulda gone to see my eagles #beatcamas :( 
USERNAME without me ! ! :( miss you love #needtohangsoon 
shes perfect . <3 bt im nt .... ! :( 
thinking about the past makes my stomach turn . somehow i just cant look forward , i keep looking back </3 
not going to see my bf tonight .. #sadtweet jk 
my tv died tonight :( it popped when i turned it on and doesn't work anymore . i'm sad :( (( 
why do you have to live so far away 😔 
awh , just saw eli and dashtine ! i miss middle school . ): 
can can you tweet but not text me ? ! ? :( </3 
where is USERNAME at dident say gm to her today n aint seen her in my tl :( 
today overall sucked 😭 i wish i had twitterless kat right now ! 
debería estar en ese concierto maricon , debería :( . 
rushed so i could get chick-fil-a after work , it was closed , it's closed tomorrow too so #fml 
just got out of work . i guess i'm saying in tonight . > :-( 
i need a back massage . takers anyone ? 😔 
facetime with USERNAME i miss this girl so much 😭 😘 URL 
this will b the last tweet u will c from me #blocked no need to return the favor i already unfollowed u ..... from everything #sadtweet 
i wish i call someone my babe or baby :( 
i can't eat before working out bc i feel like throwing up . 😷 😔 
USERNAME what ? what ? what ? what did she say ? ! 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME how many times do i have to say sorry ? ! 😭 😭 😭 
im having a really hard time forgeting about you 😥 
USERNAME no sweats yet for woman ? ? ? ? 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME @ USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME u r but andy couldnt have u :( 
USERNAME yeah i'm sure it will ! and i no ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it has been wayy too long ! i;m use to seeing you everyday ! :( 
you can you tweet but not text me ? ! ? :( </3 
ughh ! hatee being bored at homee & not having anything to do #smh #fml #boredom 
i always tweet johnny but that foo never tweets back :( </3 .. still my boothang tho . 
i wish someone would bring me a boba rn too . :( 
USERNAME terrific ! ! haha , 4th friend , twitter pals , jus not text buddies :( 
i'm so annoyed . i just want to go home & watch vampire diaries . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME kosta , just ... no . 💔 🙅 😭 
USERNAME it's the first time i've seen it admittedly :( but it's great . 
USERNAME i miss u all so much more walla ♥ :'( 
USERNAME you better get your magic carpet workin baby i need to boo love :( 
had to rain check☔ 4 fun events tonight . 😔 #college life fighting the temptation 
my friend is leaving to the navy 😔 . don't want him to leave but it's something he wants to do but i'm proud of him ! 😊 
aww poor baby mike stoops is gonna cryy 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME oh ... okay 😔 some friend you are ! 😣 #asshole 
sick and alone , i wish my boyfriend had a phone so he could come over or at least talk to me . i need tlc in my lyfee . :( 
USERNAME yeah i know lol , and yes 😢 you've made new xbox buddies 😭 
when im not single everyone wants me ! but when im single no one wants me #fml lmfao 
i gotta fake smile &&'d laugh n front mi momma smh :( 
USERNAME i know ! i haven't seen you in forever :( 
USERNAME im never cool enough to hangout with you :( 
USERNAME you're back what we have to hang out omfg im crying am soo happy 😭 👑 
USERNAME he isn't a baby . :( he makes me happy . 
i wish me and oomf would talk again like it used to be . 😔 
i dislike when people use sayings that will they seem to think make them sound cool . really ... you don't :( lol 
shoutouts i'm bored ! 😔 retweet ... (strangers can too ) 
ahahahahahahahha , 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #1 ? ? ? 
fuuck . i loved you . i really did . and honestly , i still do </3 
such great friends i have . . haven't even checked on me . . or asked me how i've been 😔 😔 😔 😔 💔 
i wish i could see her smile right about now ... :( 
USERNAME lol i thought i had my money but i left it ): 
i'm going to go cry now . 😭 😣 😠 😡 😢 😲 💔 
USERNAME por como me contestas :( me lastimas el chacalele 
today has been so long . i just wanna go to sleep 😣 😫😫 
im gonna work 18 hours on black friday ! please help me god ! :( 
USERNAME i know ! i was thinking that on my way home :( next time ! soon . lol i hate being alone 
i'm so comfy , i don't want to get up :c . 
USERNAME see if you would of a gave me a name i would of forgave you :( 
it says your account has too many devices )': </3 #nomoresons USERNAME 
USERNAME i know man ! this trip has had a batshit crazy schedule . :-( 
pshht what am i saying it already did #shit #fml 
USERNAME i just tweeted that to you the other day ... ): 
USERNAME my computer works ! but now halo 😔 so sad and pissed off at the same time 
my dad is participating in a website that is trying to catch alien signals from the computer . wha t.t he . fuck ! ! ? ? 
i went from feeling great to feeling like shit again 😔 
im a great girlfriend . cook . cleans , pretty , good in bed , funny , laid back . but some how i always luck up and get the jerks ... :( ( 😔 
i hate not getting to see USERNAME all day ... or barely talking to him . 💔 
is that notre dame creepin to the #2 spot ? ! #bcs #nationalchampionship #fingerscrossed 😣 🍀🏈🙏 
USERNAME USERNAME you guys are having a party and i didn't get told about it ... 😢 
wish USERNAME would text me back but no i'm here all alone #sadtweet # :( 
USERNAME g8 play by play , or blow by blow ! thrilling . heading back to cleve for turkey day . of course t rest of t fam went to mentor :-( 
i need a place to sleep . my dad kicked me out for being charged for male prostitution 😞 
genuinely upset . there was always a box of hohos in this house . little debbie swiss rolls just don't make the cut 😔 😒 
talking to USERNAME about how much we miss USERNAME 😞 
when people talk about my spanish voice that it sounds right , but idk spanish 😭 
USERNAME wah ! bring me some ! ! :( ( 
USERNAME i miss you :( when do you get home ? 
it's cool you could be on facebook & not text me 👎 💔 it's okay i love you anyway 
my bestiies leaving me soon USERNAME i already miss you bby #sadtweet more likre #depressedtweet 
and bed time it is . so much for my saturday night 😔 
fuck it . i drop out of god ent . so i'm unsigned . purplelp delayed again :( i need producers , or will gonna make my own beats . 
USERNAME just favorited one of my tweets . it made me miss her . 😞 
is it just me or when i wanna tweet a picture and write something with it , it wont let me :( 
i missed the pic of the cop on a segway 😞 URL 
USERNAME is back on this though 😁 ? ? i dead missed her though 😔 lol 
the problem with having a chinchilla as a bet , they don't sleep at night . #bequiet 😞 
my roomie's been gone for two nights already . i miss her :( 
omg first time rejecting an invitation , i'm so mad .. ! ! ! ! ! ! ! new parents are not easy ! ! ! ! -_- #ugh #fml #sadtweet 
me siento fatal como se me pudo pasar algo tan importante :'( 
all my roomates are gone :( who's gonna come over and watch netflix with me 
USERNAME lol idk why but he hasn't talked to me , i kinda feel like i'm getting the cold shoulder :( 
it's saturday night and i'm stuck home by myself . #fuckmylife #myweekendsucked 
i swear dudes been getting on my nerves lately ... maybe it's me .... 😔 
smashed my finger with the car door , i'm about to cry :'( 
holy shit hope everyone in that accident was okay 😔 
just got the worst headache 😔 & this bus ride isn't making it any better <<<< 
no matter how i try i just cant handle #ufcweak stomach :( . gonna watch online but i know amma tap out early #ufc154 gsp pablo garza 
low-key i want #oomf back .. probably will never happen though :/ #sadtweet .. 
6 days without my boyfriend ? ! what 😞 😭 😫 💔 
burnt my legs , my dropping hot rice . :( 
im sad that i couldnt go to the movies with my girlfriend .. :( i was looking forward to it all week .. USERNAME 
the hell ohh hell naw hostes shut down wtf am i gunna do to get coffee cakes 😡 😧 
he's never given me anything i could remember forever 😞 even my cousins ex girlfriend gave me something i always can remember 💔 👎❌ 
i just want to see my brother ))) ): #stupiddelays 
USERNAME USERNAME can we plan a weekend in december for me to come up and chill ? idk how much longer i can stand being apart from y'all 😭 💔 
everyone gets to party in leth and i gotta work . boo 😔 
i feel like my boyfriend loves video games more then he loves me :( this isn't good ! #videogamesuck #youhateme #unloved 
i can't take it anymore , i give up on no shave november 😣 
why do i have to be in albuquerque ? #fuckmylife 
USERNAME & don't tell them the gruesome scene if you do just tell them your dog attacked their cat . :( 
save me :( (@ hell ! ! ! ) URL 
at the end of the day when your so tired you can't feel your arms ... or legs . and just wanna lay there #fml #longday 
when ian sees scotty mccreary & i was in the bathroom <<<< #fml USERNAME 
didn't get carded for the first time ever ! ! ! :( i feel old ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
we all got that one individual that we can't seem to get over :( 
so mad at USERNAME he just tricked me into thinking at USERNAME was home :( 
USERNAME :( im here if you needa talk to someone 
i need a car , that way i can take myself wherever i want/need to go . #fml 
- night just go to sleep 😴 .. cause i don't got the rest of today to do :( 
listening to call me maybe reminds me of gulf shores 😭 💔 USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i love you so muchh boo you and olny you :'( 
most likely my last weekend in this house 😭 😭 😭 
i'm in tears because of the hunger games ... is this real life 😭 
USERNAME i came out for you ! ! ! ! ! :( 
at this point .. idk even know what to think .. #fuck 😣 😭 😫 😕 
i forrgot cody's twitter on my last post , ! :( 
ohmygod . hurry up , i need a hug . :( 
USERNAME bruh i'm telling you honestly come home already . 😢 
i was thinking about going to casey's quince and i really wanted to but i got back late . :( 
guess he fell asleep that quick :-( .. i hope he sleeps well ... i'm about to join him as soon as this movie goes off in a few .. 
USERNAME had a dm spree earlier butt i missed it :/ and he doesn't follow me so yeah . no dm from him this time . 💔 
i don't fuck with stoves because i always forget i'm cooking & walk away 😔 😔 
i'm so tired of someone sayin they like you and then just quit talking to you ... is there something wrong with me ! ? #confused #sadtweet 😔 
i guess no habachi grill tomorrow since my heemy baby gone# :-( 
USERNAME wait but saturday night is the store thing ? so you won't be able to have a party ? ? ? :( ( 
aah :( my hand fell asleep i can't feel it and it just there all useless and shit 
what hurts the most ... 💔 💔 💔 💔 😡 😢 💔 
missing my sister USERNAME even though i just saw her today . 😔 
off work tho but my night is slow wit no car 😔 😑 
i can't breath due to the sniffles which is now just full on hardcore congestion :( please vitamin c kick it quick ! ! ! 
i feel a headache coming on ! why does this keep happening 😣 
USERNAME i need you here with me right now :( 
USERNAME it is really good . a good way to end the storyline . :( 
i wish i was doing as good as you are ... 😔 
worst mood .. i just wanna cuddle and watch christmas movies all nightt with USERNAME 😔 ❤ 
i have a headache coming on ! why does this keep happening ? 😣 
i cry just a little when i think of letting goo 💔 
party was great ! ! ! i wish i could of stayed longer :( 
my boyfriend was gonna come through tonight // then got drunk as fuck and puked in his nigga car and his nigga was like i'm taking him home 💔 
i have really bad lower back pain like all day . :( anyone have any suggestions to make it better ? i've tried heat , cold and stretching . 
look's like i'll be spending my #thanksgiving alone this year . #familyproblems #livealone #fml 
USERNAME well i didn't either ! i see how it is </3 
it was beautiful 😭 😭 rt USERNAME you seen it ! ! it was 😭 rt USERNAME breaking dawn was so beautiful i cant get over it . lol 
USERNAME USERNAME i had a great time up in the suites . only downfall was the lighting in the way :( 
i've thought so long about this and i've decided that this is gonna be my last cheer season ever . 😔 #cantdoitanymore #needtofindtherealme 
maybe i don't mean as much as you mean to me 😥 
i feel a headache coming on ! why does this keep happening ? 😣 
gonna miss nights like these :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME URL 
mini ipad for christmas ! ! ! ! love my parents 😭 😏 😁 
no one cares about me *sighs* kinda used to it now 😔 😔 
need to loose sixteen pounds by 26th ... so i can bee 14 & then still loose 14 more .. ugh #fml 
it's only 10 and i have nothing to do ... 😔 
i wish i didn't hate crowds , i would have seen breaking dawn part 2 by now 😢 
lool yea iight rt USERNAME USERNAME lol , it was just a slip 😔 
re-reading old messages and wondering where it all went wrong ... </3 
wait , if hostess us going out of business , who is going to make me delicious honeybuns ? 😢 
for my 19th birthday i want a bmw . i don't give a fuck if i gotta pay for it for more than 20 yrs lol 😭 
don't feel good .. i just wanna cuddle and watch christmas movies all night with USERNAME ❤ 😔 
never emailed my boss saying zoe and i won't be there tomorrow . #damn #idiot 😔 
well looks like i won't be going to miami over christmas break :( 
i think shes confused about how she feels about me :( lol ~ rico @ downtown los angeles , historic core URL 
i got this ezells that i can't even eat 😔 
i just realized , if i don't pass my classes this semester it's pretty evident that i'm not graduating this year </3 
my shopping always makes me chose between looking good and eating well ... 😭 
USERNAME i'm sorry 😭 😭 i didn't know what u were doing ! ! next time love you 😘 😘 
oh wonderful ! #brokebackmountain is on because i haven't cried nearly enough today . sigh . 😞 
mazda 3's everywhere 😩 i just want my car back 😢 💔 
my dad can't come to my initiation dinner . 😔 
oh my god , i wanna see safe haven . :( #february 
i'll just stick to the saying . i live by this saying…eff my life 😔 😒 
i miss edwards :( he really aint been my friend nomore . 
USERNAME i'm tearing up , this is so touching 😥 #loveyoubabyg 
damn cuz just gone spin on me . ? :-( 
my boss has it out for me and making my life miserable at work . #fml 
all i wanna do is cuddle up :( i love you grandpa . stay strong #unansweredprayers 
uuwi na si jewel sa sabado . sana makasama ng chicagoo :( huhuhuh sasama na din ako pinas 
gotta schedule an appointment monday to get my wisdom tooth 👎 😭 
there's a new outlet mall in livermore ! ! i've been gone too long :( @ paragon outlets URL 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 i fing know omg i'm about to have a heart attack 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME what is it shit on megan night ? #fuckyouguys ): 
my house is just too creepy for me to handle by myself 😣 
it wouldn't be so hard to move on if you just gave me closeure #sadtweet 
i dont know what it is about this trip ... but .... 😶 😞 
i can't take this from my dad anymore ... #horriblemood 😣 
super emotional right now . i just wanna cry :( and i never wanna cry ! 
USERNAME dont jinx it :( ... its great actually feel the difference 
need some prayer for my achilles tendon , i've never had it feeling this bad 😔 
i seriously hate that we can't depend not even a little on the defense i mean ... 😔 it's upsetting 
i always wonder what would my life be filled wid if USERNAME never left . 😔 
on xbox live at my cousins house but no gears of war ! :( wahh ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME haha #onlywaytolearn . sounds like a mexican said that once . tune into be-a t.t v . if you can . 
USERNAME i'm gonna miss you and USERNAME too ! 😔 😔 
fuck u bitch dont tell me how i feel ass whole :-( 
wish there was a reason for this smile .. but there's not . i miss the old me & i need someone to make me smile again 😔 URL 
breaking dawn part 2 fucking perfect omgosh im forever alone 😔 
i know ! ! i have been sick 😔 so i have been m . i . a . lol USERNAME 
how am i shivering bc i'm so cold with sweats , a hoodie & under the covers but my aunt is complaining how the heat is on too high 😭 😭 
all of a sudden i feel way too sick ! ! ugh ! ! :( 
not looking forward to waking up at 4:45 in the morning . 😭 😴 
another birthday with a cake i didn't get to customize ... 😔 
USERNAME i have too i have work the next few days and won't be able too and have such a bad grade :( 
USERNAME no se bebe :( en serio ? tienes fotos ? 
USERNAME stranger ! ! never 😢 well ion wanna be 
USERNAME no hit up for the move :( im hurt ! 
my sister threatened to divorce me on facebook again . #fml #coolertobemarriedtoyoursisterthansingle #stillcoolanyway 
i don't wanna say anything but i wish i could v.v 
USERNAME i know ! ! ! the old days at the downtown pool with the ladies ): USERNAME and a cold beer ! ! 🍻 
USERNAME i wish we could of stopped though ! 😔 
of course i'll drink to working 50-60 hrs a fucking week ! #100thingsaboutme #bass #iphone #itunes #live #autorap 😱 ❤ 💚 💜 💙 💔 💓 
USERNAME nialler is a cupcake , and last i checked cupcakes don't get drunk all the time and smoke cigs , i don't wanna be mad at him :( 
USERNAME lol ... yeah i am because im working on thanksgiving and on black friday :( what about you ? 
USERNAME lmao not even kidding and i'm still in fl :( 
i wish i could drive to jfk airport but no one will take me :( i want to meet USERNAME so bad ! 
work tomorrow and monday hopefully i can get someone to take my tuesday so i can go to my aunts funeral 😭 👎 💔 
ouuch growing pains in my legs i think :( ( 
#movedc was amazing ! ! but where was USERNAME #heartbroken 💔 
ughh this 💔 of mine needs to just stop fucking caring 
get back to the house and i'm like 😔 😭 
in bed by 10 o clock all weekend .. :( #imustbesick 
moscato , pjs and a good book ... my kind of night ! ! if only i had my hubby and baby girl here with me ... missing my loves :-( #saturdaynightin 
USERNAME i know ! i miss you . 😥 ❤ ❤ 💔 
crying my eyes out cus my family keeps posting pics up of each other and i'm not there 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i saw a grand prix at the car show but i ain't got a pic of it :( 
listening to music & just clearing my mind out 😣 
i missed my big pic with USERNAME tonight ! #sadtweet 
internet at my res suucks c'mon i wanna go on reddit and watch 'whose line is it anyway' :( 
i truly have so much homework to do tomorrow . 😔 
ahhdbdjeksnejdn i don't like being a girl 😭 😷 😵 ow 
no one understands how upset i am i see the new windows 8x htc and i feel like my windows 900 nokia is so ... two months ago :/ #sadtweet 
you're the only person that was able to help me . :'( 
i miss my grandparents so much i literally haven't seen them in like 2 months and they live 5 mins away 😥 😥 😥 😥 
USERNAME it's dead slow and i'm on a delivery . i most likely will not :( 
don't wanna go to work at 7 again tomorrow :'( #notamorningperson 
aftr a busy week of makn musiic .. fiinnally home . watchn toystory3 wiith the liil siis . plz don't make me cry agaiin :'( 
nascar 2012 season ends tomorrow :( what shall i do with my life until the daytona 500 ? ! hmm 
working out drunk . better now than never . 😔 i miss this . 
not getting my camera :'( i swear i'm going to cry tomorrow , if my mom got me a stupid ipad . 
and i called my mom like 10 hrs ago and didn't call me back but is all up on fb and ig 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i owned his hat that day ;0) #imisshim 😞 URL 
whatever ! ! that is such a lie ! jacqua i text you yesterday and you never did text back ... 😔 USERNAME USERNAME 
crying myself to sleep over his loss tonight 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME too lazy , high , and tired . ! ! ! ! :( (( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME cady******** 😫😩 😡 😖 😒 😞 👿 😑 
USERNAME you're so lucky ! why didn't you take me with you ? </3 ): lol 
USERNAME i'm sorry but i was referring to going out to eat :'( #forgiveme 
there's a thin line between love and hate </3 </3 
i miss carrots i wish i was still allowed to eat them :( 
i miss having slumber partys with my bestest friends ! #imgrowinguptoofast #sadtweet #needtostarttalkingtonewpeople 
they're playing in the bar & i'm the only person who knows it 😞 
USERNAME watching this game . but you couldnt invite me to the movies i see ! 😏 😔 
everyone's out having a good time on this saturday night and then there's me #sickinbed #depressing :/ 
USERNAME ohh that's unfortunate . i was really looking forward to riding in it :( ( 
you legalize weed but make twinkies go away ? no more good munchie food . #sadday USERNAME 
so sorry wvu . great game though . first time since '86 since u lost five in a row . :( 
USERNAME thanks sweetheart ! ! ! ! :'( i was hoping mark would win ! ! ! perhaps next time ! ! ! 
USERNAME you and me both . 4 people in one month :( 
“USERNAME my poor baby :( URL 😪 he's a tough baby though ! 💪 
USERNAME :( aww thats sad you wud think that . 
but .. but ... but .... you promised 😞 😖 😢 
USERNAME i hate the big banana :( he needs to be impeached haa /: 
one of those moments when i'm sad being a music theory major is such a rare thing and i'm not even going to use my degree . :( 
if that ain't heartbreaking i don't know what is 😞 💔 
what to do . what to do . i'm soo bored asdfghjkl i'll just play the gamecube by myself :( 
hearing USERNAME 's voice made me miss her so much more than i already do ! ! ! ❤ 😘 😭 miss and love you bunches ! ! 
way to keep your promise . #disappointed 😪 😔 😞 
all the plans we'll make wont work if your not around ....... #whatidonow </3 
breaking dawn pt 2. is such a emotional movie . 😢 💔 
USERNAME aw i wish you could come with us :( 
i think babe fell asleep on me , already ): 
so all this was bullshit ! and a lie <|3 . your breaking my heart one piece at a time :'( 
USERNAME apparently -__- lol . i miss you sister . ! :'( 
USERNAME yes , ou won , but it was really a good game . i read your dog died . i am so sorry . i love dogs ... we have two . so tragic :( 
i feel like my hair has been the same length for the longest time . grow :( 
but then the buttface came and had to hurt my boo 😘 😭 USERNAME we were about to score ! 
USERNAME i think it's quite clear . she almost died that's all that matters . 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 😿 
man i hate that i cry during movies and shows . the color purple made me . bawl as much as the notebook did lol :-( 
USERNAME trust me your not the only one , mines at 8 in the morning 😔 🔫 
if i find someone i love for a while , then lose him; you can guarantee me crying in a whole forever . 💔 
USERNAME i feel sick my getting hot my throat hurts ! know you know ima be actin like a real baby ! :( 
i'm going to miss my ruca bee the most :( 
watching the vow and crying my eyes out . 😫 😭 
i'm bout to make me some tea , no ones taking care of me 😔 #sickproblems 
como no me ven cara de big mac por eso no me comen vdd :( 
shit i've got to draw like 36 different cd things for mr . riches monday ... ): 
i was pretty proud of my 8 point until i saw USERNAME 😔 #congrats 
USERNAME ahh i know the feeling it's been a crazy semester without you :( 
oregon has the athletes every team wishes they had .. #sadtweet 
they aren't holding hands .... but is it official ! ? o_0 :( USERNAME URL 
lmaoort USERNAME he said me if i don't buy him black ops 2 he was gonna hit me :( ((( i didn't (cont) URL 
a new batch of ribs are done but i'm too full , noo :( 
looking through pictures reminds me how much i've missed my summer tan :( 
USERNAME she made me cry :'( im throwing away all my clothes but the black ones :'( #emohimmat 
USERNAME you're lucky i didn't friggin kill you ! i wish i could've stayed :( 
USERNAME :( mcdonald's icecream machine was down . it made me sad ... 
i miss my boyfriennd ! ! ! 👫 i hatee how the only daays we can hangout are mondays 😔 😔 how lames are mondays ? ! ! ! !😫 
why is there a limit on college essays ? ? ? i'm well over the 500 & 250 word limit 😢 #cuboulder 
julie_marron jessiwidson &mona 👯👯sisters ! missing one :( #sisters #sistersforever @ marron's home URL 
years or not .. the love is still there 💙 😔 
the k state bandwagon has crashed and burned . while i was on it 😔 
i fucking hate my manager ... she's such a bitch got out at 11 bc of her #fml #logansprobz 
omg . this song would come on when i just gone thinking of you 👎 💔 😔 URL 
USERNAME atdhene t.t v look towards the bottom don't click on pop links will close on its own . there it is . 
over one thousand miles away ! ! my baby is way to far away 😣 😔 URL 
USERNAME damn i'm mad at you now . it's over ! </3 lol . 
whoo hoo toy story 3 is on ! the ending always makes me cry 😢 
USERNAME school's kinda cool but i only see my bffs in the hallways & lunch & i dont take gym :c & are you in the basketball team 
#missinglink 😢 😔 😭 😣 😖 😞 😒 😥 😪 @ hate 🐷 👮 🐷🔫🔫 URL 
you make me blush so hard that i can't even say hi in person; #shy #him #butterflies #fml 
you once told me i was your sunshine ... and that you never wanted the grey skies to take me away ⛅ 💔 
i feel as if i'm slowly losing one of my closest friends ... ): 
USERNAME i do but i'm not gonna watch the fight tonight :( 
"USERNAME its the only one me hilda or mario got with her smiling . USERNAME URL aww thanks i'm missing it :( 
USERNAME i know :( can we hang out this week ? ! when my cheeks aren't swollen anymore .... 
i wish USERNAME was here so we could dance .. 😢 
about to leave the fire because my phones dying . awe . :c 
texting my best friend and mama dansby nd i'm all sick wish i woulda stayed wit x since he miss me :( 
USERNAME *insert an emoji* :( (((( you wouldn't even be able to see it . 
we don't give a damn ! 😭 lol #lvpouch #throwback URL 
so i had my phones plugged into my phone but not in my ears so i missed everyone's calls 😔 😢 
USERNAME your in canada ? ? i'm like an hour away from you 😢 
if you place your heart in god’s hands , he will place your heart in the hands of a worthy person . 😔 🙏 ♥ 
boston is incredibly beautiful in the fall . had a ton of fun visiting , as well as attending classes at mit ... sad tomorrow is the last day :( 
i wanna bump some music , but my head thumping ! ! 😣 😣 
i forgot to tell my mom he was coming , oh well :c 
i wish i had the courage to keep mum for a day . #drug overdose :( 
i sobbed at the end of breaking dawn . 😭 😭 😭 😭 #judgeme #itsactuallyover 
wish i could get an unexpected text or call from someone ... :( 
ahh no ! ! i missed 11:11 ! ! ! 😱 #depressed 
USERNAME omg im gonna txt you something important that cant be public cause alot of people already know ): 
my boyfriend just need to no ..... wen i need him :( thats tha only thing thats making me mad 
for real tho . i probably couldn't walk if i tried to right now . 😭 
USERNAME i wish i could have gone to the dance ! i got sick with strep & bronchitis again :( 
blah it doesn't feel like a saturday 😔 i'm so use to staying up late saturdays 
can't even say how much i've missed this . 😢 #bff #oldtimes USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i either have a 2 day old hangover or a migraine that won't go away ! either way this sucks :( #needtofeelbetter . 
now that i saw that the last twilight i realized how sad it is ! ! 😭 i'm going to miss it ! 😯 
USERNAME well at least ur out now ... i went out too early bc now i'm already back home :-( 
gotta stay up a lil more longer so he can get sum more medicine :( 
rip tapanga you were my little angel amd the best pipe ever #stonnerchild :'( 
s/o to USERNAME for fadin' hardcore tonight . 😔 💔 
really ? ! ? ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
had thanksgiving saw the fam . yepp im ready to go bac to school now ... 7 more days :( 
trying to stay up till babe gets home from work 😞 
when USERNAME and USERNAME are mean to me 😔 <<< 
USERNAME :( are you working tonight ? i need to figure out something to do to make you feel better sometime . 
USERNAME it's exhausting :( lol but at least i get to use pretty colors hahaha lol 
i wanna go to chicago with my dad .. but no 😢 
final hit me that no more twilight ! 😱 😢 #sad 
i really hope my month doesn't get any worse . #depressed #tootired 
i better get that job ... i deserve a non fast food job ... but im unlucky (not ungreatful) probs wont :( :( :( 
this is our last night here 😥 #twin #lincoln #soldiers #blanca #washingto @ washington marriott wardman park URL 
USERNAME yeah i know 😔 but i wanna see stanford pull the upset . oregon will probably score in like 30 seconds ! 
these two is fighting an my oomf won't come see me :( like ahh tf 
your glad i love my girlfriend ! ! ! > :( 
USERNAME not you silly ! 😘 & hey what's up with you not texting me back like 6 hours ago .... 😔 
so mad my best friend couldnt stay the night :( 
do i never talk to my bf since earlier ... wtf 😏 🙉🙊🙀 😿 👺👀 
why can't things go back to the way they used to be . 💔 
rest in peace , sean . this one's for you . :-( (@ black cat for david bazan + more w/ 29 others) [pic]: URL 
USERNAME man she's a brat u soup 4 u :( 
i'm so mad my mom took the sleepy bath stuff . i loved it 😔 
USERNAME fuck , you should had showed me earlier* that's what i meant lmfao nails and texting don't go together :( 
USERNAME i'm sorry man :( we can still be bros tho ;p 
i'm not in the mood to do my homework but i kind of have no time tomorrow ... so ..... 😔 
USERNAME guys who can cook are fat . and we all know how girls feel about fat guys .. 😭 
falling for someone you never thought you'd fall for . 😔 😳 
USERNAME i still can't see your stupid protected tweets ! :( fix that punk 
USERNAME bro ! ! ! ! ! hit me up i am so upset :( 
i'm starving ! ! our last dinner together 😔 probably . imma miss my nbff #glenn @ tgi friday's URL 
USERNAME USERNAME you are being mean right now ! ! talking about partying with out me .. ? 😔 i am the life of the party lol 
it makes me sad when the ice skating rink plays slow songs cause it reminds me that i don't have anyone to skate and hold hands with . 😕 💔 
USERNAME wallah ent akther . i missed to those days we spent togother :-( 
you are the definition of a storybook prince charming like you should be from a movie why cant i have you :( 
wish i had gone to sacramento for the weekend 😞 
all i wanted was my draw string bag and water bottles . #letdown # :( 
USERNAME twitter unfollowed you ! it wasn't me i promise ! :( 
when people want to talk about chase and i'm already emotional . 😔 👎 #thanks #missmyboy 
oomf wants me to take medicine 👎😫😩 😣 😢 😱 😳 😥 not gonna happen anytime soon , i got tea 
USERNAME :( don't do it ! it's a trick ! 
you were the one i asked to make love to me ... 😔 
i can't believe tennessee lost to vandy ... seriously ? ? #itshardbeingavolfan :( 
the old jokes were funny at first , but now that they're getting relevant , not so much 😔 
USERNAME i didn't forget love you just never text me back anymore :( 
USERNAME :( wahh go get one meow ! ! ! ! 
i’m feeling to get a christmas tree for my place but it will be empty under the tree cuz santa don’t like me 😥 
#oomf is so confusing -.- like just be straight up with me 😔 
everybody in this house seems to have turned their backs on me 😔 
why is it beyond freezing in this house all of a sudden ? ! #fml 
i've been so proud of my wildcats this season USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME but this wasn't the same team :( 
its ok i still wubb you . :'( #kstate #fucknoihatehowyoulostfaggots ! ! ! ! 
how tylors tv is broke so the only way we can watch tv is if we sit in the living room .. but in two different chairs .. not cuddling .. :( 
that terrifying moment when your mom is coming towards you and you know she's about to slap you . 😔 😳 
USERNAME i miss you too . you're suppose to be taking care of me . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i'll be a looser and stay home 😞 
i am so tired i can't even keep my eyes open . 😞 #babysitterprobs 
i could go for some apple juice ... well , if i had any in my house 😔 
i honestly could just start crying now , why do i let this shit bother me #depressed #upset 
i'm tired , but going to bed means that i'm closer to tomorrow , when i have to do homework all day . :( 
USERNAME yea i got a room :c idk if more people can come in though . maybe ? ill talk to trent . 
taking my baby girl home she's not feeling good . hope she's not getting a virus 😥 
USERNAME hahahaha . so , i drove all the way back to sonic to get one . 😔 after i had just left there . lawl 
i should probably apologize to dylan for being a jerk to him on the bus .. 😔 
i don't know how to start my honors essay 😔 🔫 
USERNAME truth is ... i am sad your leaving on your mission who am i gonna hang with while your gone 😔 😞 😪 😥 😰 😩 
USERNAME me too . it sucks , and i hate it ! :( do you have any peppermints ? 
USERNAME the halloween episode 🎃👻 .. i'm kinda confused though 😔 
when people get cut off &your like ... ? 😖 😔 
damn just saw a commercial of blizzard and realized i haven't had one in the longest time #sadtweet 
absolutely fabulous day at #troy homecoming reconnecting with my college friends . thoroughly exhausted and overcome with a massive cold ! :-( 
had a nice time tonight with jeremy . now to work all day tomorrow :( 
so i'm def allergic to something that was in my salad 😧 
USERNAME im at wrk ... dont get off til 11 :( 
#confessionnight i feel that u don't put in as much into us ne more like i still do ... 😢 
USERNAME i'm three hours away at college ! it blows :( 
more than ready for break .. i miss my fam . :( 
i'm really trying to go to black friday this year , considering the fact that i've never been to it 😔 
USERNAME ya my neighbor plays for ignatius .... sad :( 
😞 everyone is getting engaged i'm jealous . i just want someone to bd serious with me . 
i wanna be on USERNAME soo effin badly like yuhh have no idea :( 
when we were together we never turned our backs on eachother , but now that were seperated we can't stand one another </3 
haw the boys were suppose to win , it's my birthday 😔 
watching the 2004 wisconsin district camp video with my daddy ..... #priceless ! ! ! ! 😭 🙏 ❤ 
damn the nintendo wiiu is coming tomorrow and i don't have the money to buy it :-( 
USERNAME i miss you , toey , and ry so much ! ! 😔 😭 #seeyoumonday #loveyoubff ❤ 💙 💜 💚 💛 
i need to stop retweeting these horse twitters and accept the fact that i'm poor and don't have a horse 😭 
i want someone to stay the night with me at home 😭 i can't sleep in an empty house .. 
it's official i'm moving in with lisa or kat . 😭 
no one to cuddle on the couch & watch tv with . :( 
i love san fran's urban outfitters so much oh my god 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
ugh chest pains are not the business ! ! :( 
#rihannaflow 😭 rt USERNAME i never thought i would be the 1 too fall victim to abuse :'( (( but i love him so much URL 
USERNAME lol now is probably not a good time , im sick ): 
i have like 12 friends in 4 diff locations and an ass load of hw to do n they're all trying to party . #fml 
#oomf is cute in pictures and in real life . wonder is he even noticed me ? 😒 😔 
wheres abur he haven't respond to my text ! :( 
i seriously thought today was sunday i was bout to say im off toma :( .. grr . long shift toma .. 
when im just here chillin' i realize how much i miss my home & houston especially at this time of year ! 😔 
USERNAME i thought that too ... i cried 2 tears . :'( 
USERNAME last time i said something nice i got nothing 😞 maybe i should try being mean 😉 
if you read mine and USERNAME conversation today you would think we we're never gonna see each other again . 💔 🙋 
i wish i could get a kiss goodnight every night 😔 
i wanna go to tokyo , japan ...... ☹ dunno why 
“USERNAME i love my brstfrinds missing corrinne :( (((( URL 
i just wanna go home & shower . 😣 🛁🚿 
USERNAME USERNAME dont mind me girls;(im just trying to ignore all thats happening in my tl rn ! coz i love you all vips 😭 peace be with you all 
USERNAME aww :( well will you come and visit at least ? ! :'( </3 
af q saco viu n tem nada pra fazê :( 
USERNAME this spiced apple is seriously the best thing ever . minus the discontinued mounds :( 
sometimes , two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together . 😔 
someone please save me from my roommates and our littles . it's not even my birthday yet ... :( 
i miss you , i love you , i want you , comee bacckk :( 
USERNAME lol i am nott a butt head ! ! ! ): and besides you shouldn't deny your homeland ! ! 
i don't think i'll ever remember my new number 😥 i was so used to having such an easy number 
jessey and ally are making me watch american horror story 😭 😭 😭 😰 😰 
when you feel like everyone hates you ! ! 😞 💔 
please just text back . i don't want to sound needy but i just need to know what the hell is going on :( 
USERNAME :( i'm sad . i'm back and tried calling you and you no answer . 
USERNAME neither could i . i kept calling him and her over and over . i didn't believe it whatsoever . 😔 
still upset my baby daddy is leaving nemo and i :( we'll miss you USERNAME 
waiting for the police to show up at my house . :( #badfeeling 
USERNAME i don't have it but if you find it let me know cause i'm for real ticked about this ... no more powdered donuts :( ( 
my last tweet ... only because USERNAME won't go in twitter on my birthday 😭 
USERNAME :( time difference .. maybe it will be on another channel by then . 
omg i almost died i really thought they were all bout to die 😢 
ohh lawd did trade take your tv ? ? rt USERNAME had the longest nap ... wake up and everyone gone :-( 
when you miss your bestfriends ugh .. USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ahh 😥 
wish i could reply to my snapchats but i got a blister on my lip 😔 
i am so lame ! everyone is out having fun and i'm laying in bed with a heating pad ... this is my life #sadday 
tylors tv is broke & the only way we can watch tv is if we go oit in the living room , sit in two diff chairs .. and not cuddle . :( <<< 
watching the final one :( .... with richard ! (@ amc mesa grand 24 for the twilight saga: breaking dawn - part 2) URL 
USERNAME idk ! ! ! ): did we i took a test idk . 
USERNAME i left my blue lighter in your car .. #badnews ): 
USERNAME omg same here 😞 . & been puking 😣 . 
great i go to facebook & the first name i see is yours now i'm thinking about you again 💔 😢 👎 
so much on my mind ! </3 never going to sleep :( need that one person to say the right thing right now . 
USERNAME yep i was always under cals (not over too often). didn't dip into workout cals too often :( 
i miss destiny :( haven't seen her since friday after school . ugh this suck ... 
USERNAME just because i wanna hangout with someone doesn't mean i can 😔 
i wish i was with my roomie right now USERNAME 😭 
sometimes i wish i had body fat :( its cold af 
this is going to be a long ride home ! 😢 😢 
USERNAME made me want to see this movie ! :( 
:( i guess she didn't wanna get on her knees for some dumas dollars: ( 
went all the way back to find this . and came to the realization that we need to hang out ! 😭 USERNAME URL 
work in the morning i reaally dont wanna go :( 
USERNAME USERNAME brad it is ! ! lol wish we could find somebody to pick it up for us . 😞 👮👮👮 
this arthritis in my ankle is on another level tonight ! #hatebeininpain 😫 😖 😥 
agh , i was actually gonna have a weekend off next week :o but the i volunteered to work a 9hour shift on saturday :c #paperchaser $ 
USERNAME salamat . ano ba yan . di ako marunong mag english ! :( pasensya po . 
USERNAME what a fucking plot twost right ? ! i bawled the whole 2nd 1/2 of the movie ! ! ! ! </3 
i loove USERNAME vest ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i want it ! . :( 
i didn't get a pic with USERNAME USERNAME at this lil black dress psrtyytt 😪😪😪 😢 😢 😢 😥 
i was kidding but thanks ill be sure to go be sad now ): 
how i have to watch the game #fml #mylife lol URL 
out of work::: :c hillin 💭 @ casa de macaroy URL 
USERNAME haha you're crazy ! ! ! ! i would but that's far 😔 
USERNAME when my #stalkerlove is over because the #whiteguy gets mad that we wont send pics #lol #blackguysarebetter #meproblems #fml 
even though its been awhile it still don't feel right being with out you ! .... </3 
i am no longer bri the beaut with this shit on my face 😔 URL 
USERNAME omg kayte i want in n out and boba ! ! ! ! :-( 
i look like a cow in the pictures yeda to of me . #greaatt 🐄 😔 👎 #moo 
USERNAME yep ! that's what i meant . that's exactly what i cried over ! :'( 
holiday breaks for me mean no one to hang out with and no one to talk to . ): #lonely 
battery is at 25% and i'm just about to go out 😭 ill have to survive without my phone tonight ! 
i always buy myself a rose/flower on valentines and send it to myself . :c #sadtweet 
USERNAME i really don't unless i have a girlfriend who does it ... which i do not this year . :-( lmao ... my parents do it though . 
USERNAME donghae you are my strength dont leave us please :'( 
USERNAME i was hopin for some witty ninja banter during the game but know ya been sick- now i am - lost by one :( #wvuvou 
USERNAME awe :( i hope the pain goes away ! goodnight , i'm doing to bed now too ! x 
USERNAME colorado is in the bottom ! lol no there wasn't any snow ! 😔 
USERNAME wwhhyy its not discipleship with out you ! :( 
you bugging future goes rt USERNAME USERNAME future is everything wrong with hip hop in 2012 :( 
who wants to call me & make my night better ? ): 
when i said my day at work sucked , i wasn't lying . here's my reward to myself though (after my three-hour nap ): URL 
so far away from where you are , these miles have torn us worlds apart . #imissyou 🎶 😔 
worst headache of life right now , ugh i hate being in this apartment alone 😔 
USERNAME i look like a cow in the pictures yeda took of me . #greaatt 🐄 😔 👎 #moo 
USERNAME you cnt be with your favorite cuz i'm not there hello i'm your favorite smh always getting replaced #sadtweet 
USERNAME i know right . i feel so horrible :( 
can i please have USERNAME for christmas ? ❤ ❄⛄🎅🎄 😭 ❤ 
USERNAME haha but im really craving some right now ! :( 
why does everyone not text me back in the same night ..... #depression 
USERNAME USERNAME only bc he walked away before i got to meet him ): 
i don't like seeing people sad even if i hardly know you i still don't like seeing them sad 😔 i try to help'em out if i know you or not 😔 
and you smoke to e no why this isn't fair :( 
this hurts . i have a wii u game but no system to play it on :( . URL 
USERNAME oh i do , loud & proud .. i'm just so sad :( 
i broke my arm shit hurt like so fucking much :( 
USERNAME your boyfriend USERNAME scared the shit out of me in wawa :( 
USERNAME USERNAME that's good to do with your phone being messed up 😘 😔 
poor boy had his dad or mom taken away from him :'( URL 
does my dad think its ok to not wait up for me anymore ? 😥 
i look like a cow in the pictures yeda took of me . #greaatt 🐄 😔 👎 #moo 
USERNAME i do i said hey it's kelsey must have gavel wrong number ! ! ! :( we at legends ! 
USERNAME have fun n have a drink for me ... :( 
i feel so bad when i don't see a text message and never text back 😔 
tonight was beyond perfect , but not having school all week & not being able to see my baby is gonna be hell ) ): 
i miss our late night phone calls we used to have ): <3 USERNAME 
:-( i have a boo boo n it hurts really bad 
USERNAME i know ! it's hard to get a good cash flow with hella bills ! life sucks alexa :( 
USERNAME USERNAME ahh i wish 😢 i changed my mind last minute im taking my hairdressing test monday so i gutta study ! ! 
iwill probably be single forever nobody likes me :'( nothing new i don't think anyone really likes me in general they just feel bad for me 
USERNAME why didn't you come ? ? 😨 😭 😭 😭 😭 😨 
USERNAME because we've made plans to hangout like 3838 times and you never come threw missy ! :( 
i wish i was playing black ops 2 right now 😔 
radios playing of course ...... 😞 song has been so played out 
oh , pandora . why all the break-up songs ? #fml #skip 
USERNAME yea bro ! and they want me to play next week but i'm not going to be here 😔 but they want me to help them scrimmage on monday 
USERNAME damnit i have to go somewhere early tomorrow :( ill be there next time 
USERNAME no ) ): i was suppose to go yesterday ugh 
damn i haven't been mentioned in 9 days 😔 retweets and favs just aren't enough ... 
i love going out on saturday nights , but , i always miss my best friend . 😔 USERNAME 
putting music on too lift my spirit cuz no one else will :( 
twilight is over , let me cry my life away now 😭 😭 
USERNAME haha it sucks . i wanna go have fun but there's nothing to do ! ! :( 
i vow to try and get over you ✌ 😔 because i'm obviously screwed if i don't . 
USERNAME you never reply to my ig comments or texts :( you hate brandon :( ((( 
really ducks ? come one ! #wtd now ! 😡 😣 
USERNAME :( miss you too and carter of course <3 3 
sometimes my job makes me really sad :( (( #poorbabies 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ughh such a jerk bransen ! ! why cant you just accept that we love one direction ... :( 
that just ruined my night off to bed now :( 
dont wake me up is on and i already miss USERNAME :( 
my night always ends up on a bad note ! wtf 👊 💔 😡 😠 
how is it that USERNAME got a thousand followers so fast 😭 i've been losing followers ! lol i love her tho ❤ 
you'd think after a while i'd stop getting butterflies , but nope 😊 😔 
work in the am . no fun for me 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sorry to hear . :-( hoping for a happy ending to this story for both of you . 
phone bout to die :-( (@ lynwood skating rink) URL 
you know , once you don't see somebody for a long time , all the memories you guys shared feels like a dream . :/ / #imisspeople :( 
USERNAME are you at the show ? ): mom wouldn't let me goo . 
in like 30 minutes it won't be my birthday anymore 😭 😭 😪 😥 😭 😪 😭 💔 👎 
USERNAME still not exactly the same . i like criminal psychology . 😔 
canto canciones viejas chuchaa , aparentemente 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😩🔫. 
USERNAME its been way too long since ive seen ya face 😢 but nothing layin low tntt , we needa chill over break ! ! 
you know you're past the lust stage if a relationship when you drop your pants n the only response is 😐 😔 
USERNAME ahh i can't wait ! i miss my twinn ! 😢 
really ducks ? ! come on ! #wtd now ! ! 😡 😣 
USERNAME you left and you were bored when you were here . ): 
what i just saw was dreadful & heart breaking </3 
USERNAME oh okay okay ! i got kinda excited ..... 😔 💔 
#stanvsuo why u go to ot ? why u don't score big #oregon ? :c 
yu nt even ta b seen n public material .<<<< wat ah sad thing . :( 
USERNAME yeah you right i only she could come i want to go to the ball ! 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME ok u rite 😞 but im talkin bout lil romeo anyways URL 
i miss my family 😞 so ready to be home . 
sore af' , just gonna lay down && be hungry </3 
dont wanna move , dont have a reason for it . 😔 
my tongue is swollen and my mouth is really still bleeding 😞 #nosleep 
please pray for my grandfather we are hospital right now . please pray ! please i can't lose two :( 
this is just to much for me right now :( 
USERNAME we tried ... but i couldn't find the keys in band office :( it's still pretty legit though . 
USERNAME oh darn :( i wish for you every 11:11 too ! 💔 it's okay tom loves me 
i really wanna go to the USERNAME concert next saturday ! ! :( 
adrien broner wins it in the 8th round by tko as de marco's corner threw in the towel 😔 very disappointing fight 😒 
i wish you two would talk everything out and get back together .. 😔 
USERNAME you must be stockpiling oberon . it's all gone up here :-( 
only in sf will target run out if umbrellas 😞 
my lights are on and im comfortable in my bed ! . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME circe link - rain (the beatles ): URL via USERNAME 
how i wish i can stay up till 12am tonight so i can be the first one to wish you like what you did last time .... :( 
why am i even in your life ? i feel like you never have time for me 😔 
why does my back hurt so bad and my knee . i just do not feel good :( 
USERNAME no not yet . i got nothing . :( 
ya me imagino la cara de arcangel cantando chica virtual , orgasmo mental chuucha jajaja :( :( 
well i guess you're done and ill just be another girl to you again 😔 
why am i allergic to cats :( i want a kitty 
this game is stressing me out ! ! ! ! 💆 #oregon #scary 🙏🙏🙏🙏 pleasse please please make my family happy tonight 😭 😭 😭 
... you just said i'm never have i ever .... never have i ever had sex .... #depressing lol who invited the 12 year old 
it is going to come pretty fast i think ! which means finals :( . idk if u believe this but i can't study , i get distracted 
USERNAME :( you should've come seen me instead ! ! ! :( we were cheaper too . and lasted longer . 
i can't wait to start playing again ! ! i miss it so bad ! :( 
USERNAME 🙈 😣 😁 lol idk n de i think bc they left hella l8 so driving to nj didn't seem possible 
USERNAME i miss youu ! ! ! ugh we need to have a reunion soon ! ! :'( 
USERNAME lol my body hurts ! :( i'm ready to go home 
oh no ! alejandro ! :( relying on the ducks d ! 
liam me partes el corazón en mil diminutos pedazos , tu carita :( -px . URL 
USERNAME you'll miss it by a few days :( no black girls stompin , horses pooping on mlk , soccer teams , alma latina & santa for you :( 
ughh ! ! had to cancel date night with my love .. i got extremely nauseous ! ! grr ! ! 😔 must be the realization it's the last twilight lol 
weed smoke in your eye ? rt USERNAME my eyes are burning ! ! ! 😩 😭 
rt USERNAME it is cold as shit ! ! 😞 cold weather sucks ! ! ⛄ 
done ! not gonna start trying till you do , and iif you never do ..... well idk what to say cuz i dont even want to think about that ! :( 
i miss my grandparents/tata and nana , wish i could be with all of them this thanksgiving ): 
bout to watch stepbrothers by myself cause i'm a loser :( 
certain things still remind me of you , from the route i used to take when i would visit at the hospital to certain people i see daily 😪 😢 
where r u now when i need u around 😒 💔 🙏 
damn .. k-state blew it .. their weak secondary exposed :( 
my brother is in atlanta without me :( if he see USERNAME ima be mad .. 
i should be out rn ! 😭 😡 😪 URL 
can't go home til i get tha lil bro from work tho #fml 
dating advice from jeremiah to me (in particular , apparently ): 
i miss you daddy :( #rest #in #peace #iloveyou URL 
USERNAME come see me , i miss cuddling wiff my bby all night 😔 💔 #loneliness #cloud #bestfriendprobz 
sitting outside in the rain . how cute . 😞 #alone #nosweater #noshoes #cold #wet #rain #fuckmylif @ outside . URL 
every time sumbody tweet just got done watching the new #twilight : breaking dawn - part 2 ... it makes me mad cause i wanna see it too . 😔 😒 😠 😡 👿 
honestly i wish there was an us again ! :( 
USERNAME tell little man i said happy birthday for me 😢 
i wonder if USERNAME will ever follow me . no ? okay . #sadtweet #illmakemylifeifyadid #belieberforever 
aww my babys tummy is hurting her :'( makes me wanna cry . 
USERNAME everyone has them but me 😔 i'm babysitting my grandmas so i'm content for a couple of day 
😥 i just want to break down into tears right now ....... 
USERNAME yeahh let's hope ! cause i need my donuts ! ! :( 
i miss the beach 😞 i wanna go back . july 20th can't come any faster 
just because we don't say certain things , doesn't mean we don't feel them . 😔 
i'm so restless & i can't sleep with out my baby jordan ! :( 
only one more season of gamecock football as a college student #depressing #timeflies 
2% & no where near my charger<<< #fuck . :( 
every time i get off the phone with brady , i end up crying myself to sleep cause i miss him so much . no one understands . ): 
USERNAME hey ty can i talk 2 u i am upsit ): 
btw i don't appreciate all this talkin to other girls mess #rns 😒 💔 🙏 
hates that everyone else fell asleep but i'm still up . 😲 😢 
my baby will be 1 in 3 weeks ! where has the time gone ? :( 
blowing up USERNAME snapchat & i'm getting nothing back . #smh :[ 
oh , i dont follow him n e more bc he unfollowed me :-( ... i think 
i need someone to let out my feelings too 😔 
USERNAME i miss you ! haha haven't seen you in forever ! :( lets have our next lazy day off together ! 
USERNAME :( ( feel better quick ! ! ! 💜 💜 😕 
USERNAME f*cking-a - gawd i’m sorry . how sad . 😞 
USERNAME cause you never tell me when you're in fayetteville 😔 😩 😭 
what have you turned into ? 😒 your nothing like you used to be ! 😔 
USERNAME noo :( ( im going to makeup and fashion school in nyc 
men r so complicated .... i'm on the verge of giving up on love ... my hearts in so many pieces that it can't b fixed ... :'( 
USERNAME k i miss you )) ): & why is it taken . ? 
i hate the idea of anyone else having you . 😔 😒 
USERNAME i'm sick :( ur the best person on twitter to talk to 
i really wanted to party tonight w . my best friend #sadtweet 
she said don't cry ... how am i supposed to do that :( 
USERNAME way to keep your meatball informed ! i have to read yours and USERNAME indirect msgs :c 
USERNAME no ! ! ! but i want to :( 
this is how i feel right now . 😩 😡 😩 😣 💤💤💤💤 
muscles are sore af still damn ): if only i had someone rub them(; 
to na depressão ja 👌🇺🇸 😓 😢 😭 😰 👏👍👍 💔 
smfh at the shxt people say , upload , and do on social networks 😔 🙏 
nahh we didn't get our sweatshirts made i was salty :( 
regardless of the appalling outcome , im no less proud of ksu football #wildcatforlife #emaw 💜 👏 😾 🏈 
so adam is in nyc and i'm still here ... #fml 
USERNAME i saw that but i was busy today :( why was it so boring ? 
happy early birthday to me . l in less than 30 mins it will be nov . 18th , my birthday . too bad ur gone ,&i have to spend it alone . #imissyou 🎂🎈🎉🎁 😔 
really don't wanna work tomorrow or the next three days :( life of a workaholic 
USERNAME i follow you but i never see your tweets . :( 
USERNAME we're having thanksgiving with granny and papa tomorrow since granny will be in the hospital for thanksgiving 😢 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 we see next year we have a lot cap space 
USERNAME i sorry :( cun u eva 4give me ? 
i just want a cute kitty to cuddle with every night 😿 
USERNAME & USERNAME , wish you were here . :-( URL 
i miss u can u come back into my life 😔 
USERNAME i'm sorry . you don't text me either tho 😔 
my jaw is swollen :'( it hurts to swallow . wtf did i do to it . 
every single night .... i think of my dad and how much i miss him 😔 #missyoupops 
nd number fucking 1 babyy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈 
USERNAME me to :( i would do anything to be able to come take a shot for me girlies ! 
i feel so alone and depressed and i blame it on you 😔 
oregon gave up too many opportunities . i :-( :-( 
so tired ... i hope i'm not getting sick :( 
i wish my mom would realize it's okay to take care of herself and her own health and not just everyone else's :( 
i reallyy want to go to passion ..... #400dollars #worthit ? ? ? :'( 
#threestylethursdays #threestylethursdays #threestylethursdays #threestylethursdays : complacency (1 of 3 ): URL 
USERNAME yuu should rlly start coming to get me :( 
so mad ...... so many missed opportunities #grr #oregon > :( 
i just wish i didn't feel like this anymore 😔 
i pretty much tweet USERNAME everyday . lol probably annoying him :( #tatenation ! 
i hate saying stupid stuff to him :( just means i really like him ... 
got a feeling tonight is going to be blah #fml 
fml now nd is gonna be #1 omg the world really is ending . 😣 
went to USERNAME 's mcdonald's to visit but he wasn't there :( 
silly me for thinking this time was any different from the rest 😔 
USERNAME :( why you gotta hate on the sec ? haha 
i'm so sleepy its extremely hard to keep my eyes open . not safe . :( 
why must i always favor things on twitter while i'm creeping . ugh i suck at being a creep . 😔 
oregon lost ask any of my roommates this is a true #sadtweet 
both kansas st and oregon lost ! ! ! ! ! ! ohio st would be in national championship if we weren't banned ! ! ! :( 
#thingsgirlssayalot i like being single ... no drama , and its more fun (; *on the inside* forever alone :c 
they just wheeled our baby away into the nursery for the night ): #sadmommy #saddaddy 
USERNAME i miss my sheeda boo ! ! ! ! :( 
in this hospital they stopped my contractions so my lil man wont come tonight ugh 😢 😤 😠 
#1 and #2 have lost . bama back in the top 2. #fml #sec 
USERNAME i guess your too cool to text me then :( 
damn you cold ! ! ! i hate being sick :( 
USERNAME :( ( it's okkayy you'll live ahaa . c: 
noo . i wanted oregon in the national championship . 😢 
USERNAME i work at 1130pm on thursday 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME feel better ! 😥 i did something similar to that at a show in high school , super painful .... next time wear ear muffs #precautions 
free my nigga rj ... nigga just served two and half now he back again .. not even a year ... 😿 USERNAME when y'all going to flatts ? 
USERNAME i miss you too :( and definitely ! ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ 
i hate seeing my mom cry , because my dad isnt gonna make it back for thanksgiving . :( 
USERNAME omg that's so cute . lol i'll be over there late :( 
fucked up activity , i ain't fucking with it 😔 
USERNAME pre mature baby's can have a lot of heart problems and possibly death 😢 so don't try too earlyn 
#theworstthingever when your best friend is in a bad mood and even though you're trying your hardest to cheer then up you can't :( 
tbh i absolutely hate not talking to you 😔 😢 👎 
pissed and sad 😢 🏈we shouldn't have missed the field goal 
i'm so sad my cousin is going back to bahrain tomorrow :( 
finished my book . now i seriously have nothing to do over break . 😞 
recently i've been thinking i could hand deliver my messages faster than my phone sends them . slow iphone 😔 
i miss USERNAME already and i just dropped her off 😔 
a loss for the ducks makes me #depressed . oh well , next weekend shall bring a victory ! #knockonwood 
USERNAME drive to madera yeah ? i've been driving to fresno too much 😣 
USERNAME you gonna tweet at me but not text me back ! ? ! ? #sadday :( 
USERNAME i know i'm so jealous that you're going 😔 i have work all week & overtime unfortunately 
lol at all the oregon fans 😭 😭 😭 #crymeariver 
USERNAME awe no :( i decided not to do musical this year for a lot of reasons lol . i'm going on the ny trip though cause of drama club ! 
USERNAME me too :( all i've done all day is sleep , watch tv , lay in bed , cry , eat , sleep , & cry some more . 
i really really miss USERNAME and USERNAME </3 we need a skype date soon . like real soon . please ? 
man free mu ex babe moody asap :( keep ur head up 
everyday , something reminds me of you . i cant believe its been a year . i wish you were here but i know you're watching over us . #ripdave 😔 ❤ 
kinda feel better now that oregon lost . #wefeelyourpain :( 
USERNAME aww 😔 hope it gets better in the last 20 minutes ! *sings happy birthday song & lights candles* 🎂 
USERNAME i twisted my leg pretty badly the other night ..... :( 
oregon just lost in ot ! i cannot believe it ! :'( #inshock 
there's a difference between being fake and just not fuckin with people anymore . 😒 😔 
i've been too busy to tweet ! ! ! :( ((( #firstworldpains 
why must lexi tweet dirty stuff from my phone 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME yeah 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😱 😨 😰 😩😫 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
only bad thing about #1 & #2 going down ? now sec champ will destroy a weak notre dame & sec will win another bcs championship :-( 
so much for oregon gettin to the championship and wearin' some stupid crazy swagged up shit smh 😣 😭 😰 
USERNAME </3 i have a date w/my god brother :( 
why am i always alone on the weekends ? 😔 
USERNAME just don't die . i don't think i could live without you . 💔 
USERNAME everytime you post about your daddy , it makes me so sad ! i can't imagine what your going thru . 😢 😥 
why does reading have to make me so sleepy ? :( i can hardly keep my eyes open 
really wish i had a girl to take care of me ): 
i miss going to shows where people from brunswick and myrtle beach are there :( greenville isn't the same . 
0-2 for the night on kicking yup let the tryouts begin . 😔 
well :( my buzz wore off . heart feels crushed . 
nobody talk to me . i hate all of you fake stanford fans ! going into a deep depression . i still love my ducks :'( 
got all dolled up just to sit at home n do nothing 😔 #thestruggle 
i'm so sad twilight is over , now i have nothing to look forward too ... 😔 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME the first thing i thought of when the game ended was you two 😭 🐥 
ughh duucckkss ... tough loss ... most awkwardly quiet stadium exit ever ... :( 
we won ! ! ! amazing . but now notre dame is #1 in the country :-( (@ patio at rudy's w/ 2 others) [pic]: URL 
USERNAME USERNAME brahh i was tryin to cheer you up brah . 😥 
we would be number 1 right now .. norte dame for sure losing next week and we're 100% winning .. will be last undefeated standing .... 😥 
i need a damn vhs ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
everybody pray for my murphy .. she had a very bad wreck :( 
i don't feel like play bp , i'm tired ): 
ok last shot here ! USERNAME i requested off nov30th to see your show and go to buy tickets and you're all sold out 😥 😥 😰 😰 😰 pretty please help ! 
omg , the house i'm at has a cat and its outside in the cold . :( i'm bout to just take it home . 
USERNAME go see it now . it's amazing . i'm almost depressed that its really over . i wish stephanie would add on 😔 😞 
this is the end of #twilight :( i am gonna buy all the movies on dvd 
USERNAME is soo not trying to cuddle tonight 😭 😭 😭 
when you give everyone your attention except me ... :( 
USERNAME sucks for you man i love my cat but she does shed all over my bedroom it's icky 😾 
i do :-( rt USERNAME cal ? ? ? rt USERNAME anyone remember 2007 when w . va and mizzou (cont) URL 
aww that's not fair i want done body to make my night 😞 😒 💔 for ever alone ! 
well i recorded dr phil too so i don't know which one to watch 😧 
i hate saying bye to my nieces and nephew 😭 💔 
USERNAME i love you felicity and i miss seeing you and the girls on the lane ! ! ! ! ! :-( 
i didn't know i could have this many emotions all at once ... 😭 😩 😡 😤 😖 
my neighbors are really having a conversation about area51 😔 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 too long ! ! ! ! 
once again an sec team will dominate the national championship ... what a shame ! ! 😒 😔 
yeah ... i don't think im going anywhere tomorrow . 😞 
they made the corn nuts bags smaller 😱 😱 😭 😭 😭 
tommorrow is gonna be so sad . :( not ready for this ... 
“USERNAME he got to play ! ! ! 😁👏👏👏 URL i want to be there 😭 
ugh my nasty fingernail is cracked ! fml fml fml fml fml fmll fml ! ! ! ! f f f f f f f f-it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😭 
when you have mixed thoughts and say ... who is this in my head .. </3 
USERNAME awh , i'll entertain you :( quick ! shoot me in the face ! 
USERNAME thanks babe . alee got me :( inskdbdjkfsv i need like mental help tho i'm so stressed -_- 
USERNAME life ! ! ! ! its too much to deal with . my grandma always told me i get what i want , and it dont wrk that way nemore :( ( 
USERNAME much 💛 💙 💜 💚 ❤ back to you and your beautiful babes . diff circumstances but iam familiar w/father alienating . my 💔 w/you . god bless 
when i come home late and i have no one to hold me ... :( 
USERNAME por favor rt me :( ( ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME what ? ! ? ! ? ? ! ! ? ! ! 😭 😭 
i just want a cute , long-lasting relationship . 😔 
so chelsea fc and oregon take a loss ... the same day ... a heart can only take so much . 😢 💔 
still waiting for housekeeping to come clean our room at thehotel USERNAME been over an hour and we just want to go to bed :( 
fat people make my ass sick ! # throwup :( ) 
USERNAME i miss u too ! :( and i think i can ! 
i wanna be a news reporter in raccoon city :( URL 
both my boys lost this weekend 😩 football really knows how to screw with you . 💔 
sometimes you tell me certain things and then later on you totally contradict what you said earlier ... #sadtweet #getyourshittogether 
gracias cruz azul por otra decepción , ya me estoy acostumbrando :'( 
honestly i really don't even know how to use twitter 💔 
why did my team just loose ! ! :'( #badmood #ruinedmynight 
crying with marissa on the phone . were in depression :( ( USERNAME 
USERNAME awe , damn that sucks . i was really hoping to eat some cake . #sadtweet /; 
i was going through my phone and came across this ... r . i . p raybans </3 #csun #trip #freeway USERNAME URL 
when you rediculously miss and want to just see your damn boyfriend ! ! .. </3 #sad #lonely #misinghim 
USERNAME btw that's not the first time i've done that 😞 
is it ok to cry ? ❤ 😭 @ disney store URL 
USERNAME tre not being to nice right now ) ): 
why does USERNAME rt everyone but me .. ? 😭 😭 😭 😭 #numberonefan 
my life is upside down , only god can fix it ! :-( 
USERNAME i'm having so much fun right now . only problem is that you're not here :( #sadtweet 
wishing i was bout to cuddle up 😁😁 😔 😔 lol 
studying for one of the hardest test im ever going to have and i can't concentrate to save my life . :( 
you don't love me , you don't care . 😭 
USERNAME yeah it’s unfortunate that people don’t understand the distinctions :( 
it sucks i can't bird dance like i always did at funerals #sadtweet 
so earlier this week my nephews had the stomach flu , & now i'm feeling very sick to my stomach . 😢 
wonder if anything even means anything to you .. and it doesn't help when you won't talk to me . #fml 
USERNAME ohh noo :( im forbidden USERNAME ! ! ! im so sad . like i dont understand brianna ? URL 
i need my twiny back ! ! ! ! 😭 😩 USERNAME 
you're all i've thought about today ... and now you won't talk to me .. #fml 
... a las 4:00 am viene un taxi por mí para llevarme a dulles ... el lunes misma historia , taxi a las 4:00 am para el aicm . no está padre :( 
always and forever proud of my wildcats . but excuse me while i cry myself to sleep . #depressed #emaw 
except he played black ops 2 with my brother ): 
USERNAME aww :( where did you see her ? & that's upsetting ! 
USERNAME noo 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
can't believe bama is gonna be under nd . # 😞 #areyoukiddingme ? ! #weshouldaplayedfootball . 
she was like a little doll . so perfect . 😔 
i swear my current friends are douchebags :( it's time to get new friends 
my phone has funny lines going though the screan and it must make it one more month ! :( #stupidandroid #onemoremonth #iphone #please 
i hate having a little ideas that i hope will happen but don't :( 
im pretty sure #oomf is faking their whole relationship & it makes me so sad to see someone so pathetic . im praying 4 u :-( 
oh no oregon . hate to say it , stanford was smart . :-( #fb 
ugh i have no kind of service up here :( 
thats right . we are here the whole weekend and there's no filming right now , its starts back mon thru tues and then they go on holiday :( 
dangit ! fell asleep for 2 hrs ! ? how am i supposed to sleep tonight :'( 
:( again ! ! ! ! .. c'mon oregon ! ! ! .. hot as fire as a duck fan ! ! ! #quackingup 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wish i was there 😢 😭 👯 
just having an emotional break down because the best pen in the world ran out of ink 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #iwillmissyou 
no fukc i still have 15 mins on post limit :( (( 
- i see everyone but no ones watching over my angel :( and poor mel is sick .. 
wish my phone didn't die so fast 😒 😒 😔 😒 
USERNAME douche much ? ! ! ! i'm crying 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i wish my friends would back out for me ): 
i want to start collecting #adventuretime stuff but my brother claims to .. so i can't v.v 
USERNAME big hug :-( i was pulling for them . 
it makes me so sad how he shuts down like this :( 
USERNAME dude yes it was , my favorite football team got beat , thats terrible nd i messed something else up 😭 😭 😭 
i just want to watch one tree hill 😔 😔 all night 
USERNAME i will be at the game . barkley probably out . separated shoulder 😥 
i just want one last twinkie before it becomes 50$ for each one #riptwinkies :( 
USERNAME i miss you so much ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😢 😞 😑 
already missing my twin USERNAME 😔 😢 👭👯 ❤ 💕💖 
USERNAME eu imagino ! ! quando cheguei em casa não tive forças pra mas nada ! ! ! rsrs but i know you didn't have a choice :( 
i hate coming home with nobody to hold me . :( 
USERNAME i dont think i can :( i'm workin late friday . its black friday so its really busy #ugh 
i was excited because USERNAME was gonna spend the night , but she went home and now i have to sleep alone :( 
ok . stupid me ended up deleting the whole convo between us ! ! ! ! ! mama mia ! ! t.t 
USERNAME seriously :( i feel like next year is the year ;) 
last hotel selfie with the lads 😿 @ holiday inn atlanta airport south URL 
USERNAME never ? why haven't i talked to you in awhile 😔 
USERNAME ik huuh , gosh he kicks a lot :c 
abriendome el rotito de la oreja ... plug size 10 size 8 here i go :'( 
soo i have jasmine a big hug today for like 5 minutes & all she was doing was talking shit -.- like just trying to show love ❤ 💔 
wait no the color would have to wait until i'm done with swimming :c 
i pretty much tweet USERNAME everyday . lol probably annoying him :( sorry tate ! lol #tatenation ! 
USERNAME aww :( good luck hahahaha id be scared to wake one of them up ! 
i really wish my yang babies had twitters ... twitter life would be so much better 😔 
USERNAME yeah i know it wasn't coaching 😉 haha but seriously i am jealous 😔 
these niggas got us watching dead silent .. im scared :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME aww , i am still at work and have not eaten yet :( 
praying for those who are homeless in this cold weather 🙏 😔 
everyone knows i love USERNAME .... except her :'( .... 
watching jab tak hai jaan ..... making me cryy .. :'( 
baby it's tosin , nneoma , paul n peter oo :( :( USERNAME who ridiculed my sweerat USERNAME huh ? ” 
rt "USERNAME i miss college 😭 #bestyears #tailgates #limorob USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME sorry 😞 😞 you know how drunk tweets be 
USERNAME i dont wanna ugh :( ( omig if my mom finds out tho 
USERNAME is the worst husband ! he dont send me cute things , he dont say ily , he dont buy me things & theres no sex 😔 #divorced 
shouldnt of ate all that pizza . ashley said i can have anything i wantt buht im nott hungry ): 
going to bed early on a saturday night . haven't done this in a while . hubby has duty tomorrow . :( #militarylifestyle #marinewifeproblems 
USERNAME whoa ! i'm just complementing your physical features , calm down :( 
hope we didnt give it to aggie tho :-( rt USERNAME last year baylor won the heisman . this year they took it away ! amazing . 
when family says stuff to you to make a you feel alike you ain't gonna be nothing . > :( 
just expecting that random follow from USERNAME .... which will never happen .. 😢 
i'm going to hate going to this church for a dedication in the morning 😭 tears apart every fiber of my being by doing this . 
USERNAME really ? ? ? do you like it ? ? ... i can't tomorrow , i'm working :( but i miss you too ! we need to hang out this week ! 
omg he's so cute , i'm so sad i never get one . :( URL 
ahh suck . just remembered the #chiefs play tomorrow . #depressed 
USERNAME i can call the waambulance for u ! ! 😢 🚑🚑🚑 
omg ! i want to cry . :( (( -____-" 
i don't think this whole partying this is for me anymore . one day of drinking requires as much recovery time as a minor surgery . #fml 
i don't know how this day could get any worse :( i feel so helpless . 
USERNAME that could be it , i mean i thought we were like the best of friends but oh well ... 😞 
are any of my sissies coming to fall fall ? ! 😭 
online shopping not as fun as i'd hoped it would be💻> 😔 
USERNAME i'm having best friend withdraws 😭 i miss you ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME can't ... need to keep hacking away at this install :( 
u ain't no kewty 😢 i am /: waht happen to meh huh i forgot ! i'm ugly lol 
saying goodby to the night staff is definitely one of my saddest moments in life :( 
USERNAME i'm happy for you , i suck at finding constellations 😔 
USERNAME your not a harsh person marshmallow :( :$. he's not treating u the same way u treat him :$ and it isn't fair to u :( 
i wish i can go out instead of looking at other ppls post #fml 
USERNAME this is unacceptable . there is officially such a thing as being too honest . i am sad for you now :( 
i miss chipotle . i haven't had it since the summer time . :( 
USERNAME dang :( next time , harris . next time . 
i cried 😭 😭 😭 soo sad it's overr . and when they started fighting and dying i was soo upset .. like this didn't happen in the book . ! lmao 
its one of them nights where i'm thinking about you ! #fml 
USERNAME like sorry i didn't come in and say hi but you just looked so busy ! 😔 
thanks to all who came ou t.t o bentleys resorthotel ! #much love 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME & USERNAME attacked me for a good 20 minutes with a stink bug . so i feel ya . 😔 
i'm forever disappointed that a group of squids isn't called a squad </3 
USERNAME i know :( we gotta do something else christmasy . haha 
re-tore the same muscle as last time in my shoulder , looks like i'll be in a sling until after xmas :( 
one thing that sucks about night shift is u can't sleep when ur off #fml 
all sad because USERNAME is in houston , and not in austin :/ #sadtweet 
i just wanna cuddle ... with my boyfriend ... until i fall asleep in his arms like i always do .... 😔 
USERNAME lol . i don't know . i'm trying to entertain you , :( 
USERNAME if i'm lucky enough to meet any of the boys on the 1st i'll let them know what happened and give them the url :( 
lmao i can't stop thinking about the fucking spider . i feel like it's on me 😥 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
the fact that i don't get my debit card for at least 10 days <<<< #noshoppinforme #sadtweet 
USERNAME im srry if ur in a bad mood right now but r u really sad or mad that selena dump u ? cause im sad answer my question please :( 
why must they be so sweet ! ! ! ! 😫😩 😱 😭 
i can hear the gusty hollowing sound of the winds of the past when i revisit myspace :( #dramaticnostalgia 
#oomfs is mad at me i think , and it's actually bothering me . 😔 
my cousin went to go see twilight without me :( . 
i love those sweet goodmorning text . too bad i never get them . 😔 
i wonder if my mom will take me out for ice cream if i tell her im not mad anymore ..... :c 
USERNAME why can't i retweet your tweet ! ? lol :( 
USERNAME what are you guys up to ? ! save me :( 
the only thing that i wish i had to come home to was a puppy :( miss being greeted by a dog 
i hav those time's when i want a girlfriend , bt i don't :c </3 
#oregon 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
my bestfriend . never textede me back . USERNAME forever :( 
i'm going to be a beast forever :( @ the binary cove URL 
USERNAME clearly so much catching up to do ! so much has changed since i last sae you ! 😭 
USERNAME lol i can't ! ! & its juss so sad :( lol 
this headache needs to go away or i'm not sleeping anytime soon 😔 #ow 
i really don't see why i even bother giving guys a chance , they all make me mad when it's being taken further than the friend level 😔 
why must i have such terrible shoulder pains ? ! ? ? 😞 😞 😞 #fixme 
and you just let me fall , didn't even have the courtesy to even tell me you weren't going to pick me up before i fell , 💔 
man i was mad that i didn't get to see that sale at aeropostale ! dang it :c 
USERNAME i dk how you do it ! 😣 i wouldn't know wth to do if i ever lost my macario 
i can't stop thinking about that fucking spider i feel like it's on me 😥 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i know you really don't like me , but i'm always gonna be here 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME nowhere boy is mah shit . had it on dvd , till i lost it ... :( 
i haven't been this upset , confused , pissed , heartbroken in a while .. 💔 😢 😒 😔 
USERNAME true life: i stole my friends life . i even parked in front of your house cause there was no where else , come home already ! :( 
USERNAME ugh im so emo im like tearing up ..... if only ... :( remember gacki 
well my sixth grade self was obviously an idiot or i would have gotten way closer with USERNAME & USERNAME before i moved away :( 
USERNAME did you ever get your starbucks stars back :( 
USERNAME i missed you too . :( it got worse the later it was . :( 
my face feels like its going to explode ! ! ! #ihateallergies :( 
roger you will be missed r . i . p 😔 ❤ 
USERNAME come get in my bed ... and cuddle . 😩 😭 💔 #missingyourbestfriend #imlonely #sadface #cryingface #brokenheart #whysomanyhashtags 
all these shots of la in …nothing like la :( 
so nt wen motherfuckers gt turned da fuck on by somebody else relationship .. #watahsadfeeling :( 
it anit the same when we talk on the phonee anymore .. ): 
USERNAME i'm sorry ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME haha . oo nga idol . e buti ka pa nga available pa siya e . e si ano hinde na e . :( 
the help always makes me tear up 😢 it is truly an amazing movie ! ! ! 
lmao i can't stop thinking about the fucking spider . i feel like it's on me 😥 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME aww it does :( one of the strings is covering up part of the d ! lol 
i want to go to russia so badly . :( 
currently stuck in a car and my friends are hot boxing 💔 
USERNAME that sucks ! people are so rude ! ! i'm sorry :( 
always regretting sleeping half my day away when it comes that time of night when i actually wanna sleep 😞 #nottiredatall 
something i wish i could say every now and then . 😔 
USERNAME i was trying but he was frustrating me and hurrying me and i was like .. ugh . he made me cry ... :( he was not very noce 
& when someone makes my day better . there is always someone who makes it bad again . :( 
USERNAME aww nd she ddnt reply to me 😔 💔 
USERNAME indeed but i can't smoke cause gotta pass that damn test 😢 
i wanna cuddle tonight with some one :( im sad still it will make me feel betta 
somebody needa text me man ! my phone to dry :-( 
USERNAME my boy kampmann got knocked out :( gsp is next 
USERNAME can like my instagram picture , but not hit me upp anymore :( #missyou 
one of those nights where bruno mars is on repeat . </3 
my feet hurt 😔 the life of a working woman lol 
stomach hurts . and needs to stop . :( :( 
sadness ... no more peeling the white swirly off of a frosting filled mini cake :( bye , bye #hostess cupcake ... 
i love you very much nana , i would've gotten the chance to see you one last time 💔 11.17.08 
..... everything that use to matter don't matter no moe 😒 😔 
i hate wet i post or tweet something intelligent , and spell something wrong ... :( 
girls love the one who hurts them ....... and boys hurt the ones they love .... :( 
USERNAME i miss you too . ): i might be going down to pittsburgh monday or tuesday . maybe we can meet up for a bit ? ? 
can't breathe . so stuffy 😔 at least i have nyquil to knock me out . 
going to sleep mad at your bf/gf is the worst feeling .. 😭 💔 
my uncle just ate my egg roll and said he didn't like it at all ! lol that was mind and he ate it and didn't like it ... 😭 😭 😭 
just imagine if my buckeyes were eligible this year .... 😔 
i have never missed anyone as much as i miss you . 😔 
no it's not what if i die before the week start 😢 
finally off work 100 bucks in my pocket an i'm seriously beat 😔 😒 
when you have someone on your mind ... but you arnt on speaking terms 😔 
what are the odds of running into USERNAME at mcdonald's in cullman ? ! btw sorry we scared you , we are a little delusional ! 😣 😳 😁😴 
USERNAME sorry :( on another note precious followed me on twitter today ? #totesconfused 
i miss you stephen lee ! ! dinner with my brother visiting from 🎌okinawa & baby trinh . 😣 i @ capital seafood URL 
USERNAME when a relationship anit how it use to be ): 
USERNAME under the same moon :'( lol and thats just you 
worst part about being sick is when i have a bad fever and 1 i'm shivering but 2 the toilet seat when i go to pee is like frozen 😰 😭 
could i be any worse of a friend ! ! ? ? 😣 
USERNAME i missed the beginning of this movie though :( probably the best part for good songs , so far only good one was fernando 
USERNAME ughh i knoww ! so sad :( my bro got me a black shirt and everything too ! hahah 
slammed my finger in the bathroom door ... now i have a lovely blood blister :-( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 it was so scary . i seriously was convinced i was going to die . 
i originally arbitrarily picked west virginia to get on the geno smith bandwagon . then i jumped on the chip kelly oregon bandwagon . :-( 
USERNAME i love you too baby :( come home to me </3 
the guys at wendy's think USERNAME & i are crazy because we are crying about the the game :( 
and i won't see you until like tuesday ... if that ): 
USERNAME mouth <<< 😔 i'm gunna out soap in it 
tonight my thankful tweet is for hannah bc she's so sweet to let me stay at her house after i missed my flight :( 
USERNAME i can see why you're always complaining about bethany :( 
i wonder if #oomf sleep i wanna text her :( 
seeing vanessa walking the same halls as me again<<<<<<<< 😷😷💀 😣 😒 
dang my computer is busted time to use my phone :-( ;( 
she will never know how much i miss her :'( 
USERNAME it was terrible ! :( haha i don't know how you do it ? and kena .............. i miss you like crazy ! ! :/ 
bringing a box of tissues in with me to watch it; heard i was going to cry 😥 
USERNAME USERNAME it hurts my feelings to kno that you think i would do somethin like that ! :( 
it sucks having to see my best friend leslie when she's sick . she looks so sad 😔 
USERNAME had you ever seen the movies ? man i haven't had time to see it :( (( 
so sad the twilight saga is over :( #sad #wah 
USERNAME yep , nd has to beat the weakest usc team they have fielded in years . usually nd plays down to meet their opposition :( 
USERNAME i like it :( and i was gonna rry to get to twitter jail . :( 
USERNAME i got out of work and got caught up in chores i've been putting off . lol . :( 
USERNAME i had to leave :( i had to drive the other drunks and noo you aren't ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
i miss y'all aweady 😔 night tho 😚 💨 👌👌 i'm doone . an thusty . knight💘 
kind of sucks to know USERNAME is going away for college and a lot of my fwiends are younger than me , i'll be on my own soon ... 😣 
however bruno & i missed USERNAME so much ! 😔 
:( rt USERNAME wvu had 777 yards of offense tonight and lost . i can't even wrap my head around that . 
when you can't sleep at night freaking brings me back dude .. like ... :'( 
USERNAME i will never keep up ! ! ! 😧 👟 
fuck this . i have asked for one simple thing & still haven't gotten it yet i'm supposed to jump when you say to do something . swerve . 😔 😥 
really upset that USERNAME didn't have mac and cheese with him tonight when i saw him 😔 #craving #missit 
USERNAME lmfao omg i fucking miss you so much hahahahahaha we need a drunken adventure ): 
not eating before the show was a bad idea . watching the rest of the show from outside . :( @ marquee theatre URL 
some USERNAME time since we can't be at the lake with USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( URL 
just got in my first car accident . my poor car :'( 
great another one of those nights ... 😢 😔 😫😩 @ mi casa URL 
USERNAME oh i didn't know you were back there . we were suppose to go by rice village when we were in town :( you're not tired ? 
USERNAME :( but it helps and helps others too . 
man sure wouldn't have had been able2make out2 vegas tonight i barely made it back home earlier .. shame #tygas #bday would've been awesome 😕 😔 
this is the worst time of year to be single . 😔 
USERNAME i just showed USERNAME all of my iv pictures . #storyofourlives #depressing 
USERNAME im going to miss everyone as a team 😒 😔 
USERNAME i know 😔 💔 what's up with that ? ! 
every time , learn how to treat the one you love ! not try your hardest to make thier day goes bad :( winner at a loosing game 
when you have 3 addresses in one night >>>>>> too bd i can't have too much fun with work at 8 am 😔 
USERNAME i need christina cuddle time ! ! ! 😔 
noo ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME i tried it on the computer and it didn't work ! 😢 lol ! 
spending my saturday night reviewing my geometry notes . 😿 
USERNAME ohh :( ( but we still gonna dance right ? ? 
wish i was with my girls right now ... #sadtweet USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
if i gave you number would you call me ... ? USERNAME no .. ? ok ... 😞 
most of uchi's fish for tonight is stuck in colorado ... 😢 complimentary flight to denver ? lol 
highly upset that i'm not in bg right now 😔 
i'm grumpy . i get this way when i don't eat . and i haven't eaten all day .. :( ( 
im very hurt still im not even talking i end up crying instead of saying something overly emotionaly iam :( 
USERNAME i'm pretty sure my bff has forgotten about me . i miss her . 😥 being busy sucks ! call me soon , love ! 
USERNAME see i knew it ! ! ! haha how was it ? i'm sorry i left you :( my feetsies just hurt so bad . 
:'( i just want someone to actually be there for me . 
im hurting im in pain im upset my heart is breaking :( ( 
USERNAME and my fingers and toes are literally frozen 😣 
my back<<<<<< it's been hurtn for soo long ! 😢 😢 
USERNAME ours is a woman . keeping it toned down 😔 
i recorded the new footloose and just turned it on and died a little inside cause reg isn't here to watch it with me . 😢 
my forever liddo man .. he's growing up ♥ ☹ URL 
🙌 go take a new twitcon USERNAME shittin on everyone ! ! 😭 
why is it so cold in my house ? :( 
USERNAME omg 😭 😭 let's all chill tomorrow and ill get it back . and my sex book ! ! ! ! 
1st saturday night i'm not with my man :( USERNAME 
almost home from a long ass day of driving and working . glass of red wine sounds good . wish USERNAME were there waiting for me 😔 
no es por nada , pero yo comprendo a ximena sariñana , sí ese acento español del demonio se pega #cashishinquerer ! :( 
please pray for our son ashton . he had to b admitted into the hospital tonight ! :( #godsincontrol 
i miss hanging out in ryan's shed 😭 😭 😭 and spring 😭 😭 good times , come back 😭 😭 
ill never understand how someone can be mean to their mom 😥 
i feel like i've been down that street before #iwannagobacktoitaly ! 😭 😭 😭 
i'm going through USERNAME book withdrawal it's been over a year since a new book came out :-( .. please hurry mr . sparks 
had to lay my favorite pair of USERNAME to rest today 😢 
i'm just sitting here , listening to zeppelin , wishing i wasn't overweight and single . #sadtweet 
USERNAME just seems something shady , and what kind of meds does he keep taking ? yes , i cried for her . especially when she needed her mom . 😥 
when i see couples <<< i be all sad </3 
USERNAME wishing i would retweet that :'( but yes thatd be so great omfg so cute and drama free <3 ugh #wanr 
everytime i'm with her or talk to her i just think of 6-10 💔 
USERNAME ill miss you so much no more lion ): 
had to lay my favorite pair of USERNAME to rest today 😢 URL 
so michael kors is just going for a couple of hundreds 😔 
USERNAME yes way . but ms . frizzle died . 😢 
USERNAME you forgot my birthday now ? 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i try to be the best girlfriend , can't seem to accomplish anything ... 😔 
when someone doesn't feel the same way you feel about them <<<<< :( 
USERNAME USERNAME selincigim bileti alirken tikladigin terms and conditions var ya orda minicik minicik yazarlar boyle durumlari :( 
mad @ shaun bc i think he fell asleep 😡 😖 😭 
USERNAME no i'm not ): i'm boutta die lihh -.- 
whoa ! ! came in from work at 5 and went to sleep ! just waking up ! lawd im go be up all night and have to grind on both jobs tomorrow :-( ( 
e ainda me arrependo por n ter feito mais q o devido :c odeio isso 
i'm a bad bowler ): i'm just gonna stick to soccer <3 
i miss #oomf we use to be so close #sadtweet :( 
when my friends temporarily leave me alone at my house <<< 😔 URL 
USERNAME lol nuttin much im jus here illen long tyme no tlk :( 
USERNAME ahh super jelly ! ! ! i miss y'all . :( 
omg ! i'm so sore ! ! icant even roll over ! #smh :( 
#playonmac has decidedly whooped me . i tried #diablo2 , #pharaoh , & #pirates . fail . another day , old fave , #windows games . :( 
hey USERNAME fuck you give me my wife back ! 😔 
... for for hayley was only one year older than me ! dang . i'm gonna miss her so badly in *two years . 😭 
im so tired 😔 bt i have a photo shoot in the morning 😳 😔 📷 
USERNAME you twitter whore-_- tweet a million times but don't text me back #iseehowitis 😭 
nfl network leave my team alone 😭 so tough to be a jets fan . 
saw USERNAME today gaahh i had forgotten how childish we act when we are together :( miss you skank ! ! 
my mama sittin up hea doing dis stuff for granddaddy ! :'( 
so happy to go home , go straight to bed , just to wake up in like 6 hours to work again , #uhh #fml always working #fuckingnovember 
i turned down a good night 🍻to rest and do my psych midterm👏 #dedication #betterbeworthit 😔 
i want to delete that email but i can't :( 
😭 rt USERNAME horrible game by me , you can start the bashing i deserve it . sorry y'all foreal from the heart . go ahead ill take it . 
i'm going to sleep now . night ! 😔 😔 😔 😥 
USERNAME oh hey 👋✋👋i didn't hear from u so figured u were in jail . and i thought . oh not this shit again . can't do another bid lol 😔 
USERNAME we miss you too ! :( good times . 
i'm just full of tears right now 😢 😢 😢 
i haven't seen kelly belly since forever ago 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME me too 😭 😭 😭 😫😫 the ale house is seriously calling our names 
my wallet was stolen today and i came all the way from mpls to miami to see you ): help me out USERNAME URL 
this is why my feelings are constantly getting hurt i'm way to forgiving and way to nice 😣 😥 
USERNAME i know :( when i seem him today it was like he was so mad but i had to see him cause i miss him so bad it's so hard 
wish i could be in springfield tomorrow night to see daughtry & three doors down . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
#me :kuya ilipat mo na ! #kuya :c ommercial pa wag kang atat . #m :kuya ilipat mo na ! ! #k :wala pa sabi dun yung boyfriend mo// luh haha #gamengo :"> 
my mom , dad , and two brothers all snore . #fml #nosleep 
sometimes i feel like my ankle is crumbling inside my foot . ! ! 😣 😁😩 
USERNAME yeah , my head hurts though & my body is all shaky :( 
i love snooks but i can't fuck with her new hair 😔 
trying to be friends with USERNAME and USERNAME but i guess that only happens at dunnam's place . 😕 😔 
why does most of the duke games come on espnu ? ? #sadtweet 
i wanted thanksgiving break to be a time to hang out with steven and he won't even be home til saturday :l #sadtweet 
USERNAME i can i just don't wanna be partially broke after :( and i will try , hopefully you work on commission ! 
the biggest spider i've ever seen escaped under the counter ... #fml 
USERNAME dang that sucks ! and is so mean :( 
it's so hard not watching the packer game , but wanting to know how that play just happened 😔 my app sucks 😒 
i have soccer practice at 9 in the morning all this week 😭 😣 aww mann :/ 
the feeling you get when you find out your favorite store is closing ! ! ! #sadtweet 
USERNAME mine has been down a lot lately . but either way there's a problem with sms textin too . #fml 
why do all these movies i have to write about for spanish have to be so depressing ? ! didn't they make any happy movies in spanish ? :( 
i wanna go home and watch wicker park .. but can't find my damn movie .. the dryer must have ate that too :( 
i wish i had money to go see man overboard tuesday . :c sigh . 
sad i won't see USERNAME and USERNAME all of break :( :( 
wow ! ! ! totally true ! ! 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME i went by again and it was closed . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME like i put alot in the bank every pay check but def not enough i struggle alot ! ! i need more 😭 
just poured myself a bowl of cereal and we were out of milk . 😭 😭 
with my boys ! but dying to get home and sleep ! allergies are killing me still . :'( (@ gaby's) URL 
come play with me ... ? ): this weather is too perfect to kick around a soccer ball all by my lonely self URL 
locked car keys in my car .. and family doesn't answer there phones . #fml #pissed 
USERNAME yea and then we met up at the concertt omg im glad i got to meet you too ! i wish i could go back ): 
USERNAME aww i won't be going home until wednesday 😔 
USERNAME can i come over tomorrow ? moms not comin to the game .. ): 
my phone isn't loading anything ! and it's not sending or receiving messages . 😢 😡 
USERNAME i know the feeling . my team is getting stomped by cincinnati at home . :( 
:'( haven't talk to my babe all day ! ! :( 
no #vampurtime makes me a sad panda . :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
i hate feeling like this .. i've been asleep since 11, and just woke up & i'm still tired . 😞 💤 
USERNAME how come u never answer the fans questions and just retweet ! kind of a bummer . :( 
USERNAME oh ya know i was just driving around and stuff lol but i'm back in greensboro now :( 
the creep keeps texting me ! ! ! 😡 😭 
wish steve jobs was still alive to fix this imessage problem :( 
tackled by the punter 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME jk i ain't no harry potter :( :( :( 
USERNAME yhu single .. ! ! :'( #jusaskin ! ! 
i had the worst dream of my life and i'm so glad i'm awake :( 
USERNAME me too 😢 💔 sad day in america ! 
about to cry , this game is too much right now 💔 
USERNAME ahh , you got in without me :( ( wahh ! 
the fact that i'm just starting my shift makes me so sad :( what a waist of a day . 
USERNAME USERNAME why are we resorting to a barcode naming system ? 😦 
9pm-6am pacsun and 7am-5pm children's polo on black friday 😳 😭 😭 😭 💰💰 
days like today i really wanna be at home :( 
my parents have more of a life than i do #sadtweet 
all my roommates got the d this weekend except me 😔 
downfall of flying home: can't bring home all my laundry so i'm stuck doing it here 😭 
USERNAME why did they have to bring her in . i wish jennifer and steven didn't leave .. i was just getting used to them . :( 
i'm not sure if i'm going to make it out alive from this semester . 😣 
USERNAME so what ? lol dude me and my mom are going to the machines wish you could come :( 
USERNAME aww i won't be going home till wednesday 😔 
theyre making carne hasada at my house n i gotta go to work :( 
you know you had a good night when there's no clean counter space to make a sandwich . #fml 
my straightener was falling and i choose to grab it and burnt my hand of course 😔 
almost time to go home :( ima miss the waves <3 :0 @ clearwater , fl URL 
it's almost gone :( #vs #secretangel #smellgasm #sad @ bed  URL 
USERNAME no it's not ... what's wrong ? ? :( 
i'm taking on way more than i can handle 😔 #stressed #tired #busybusybusy 
i just wanna curl up in a ball and sleep . 😔 💤 
it doesn't feel right being at home without my sister . 😔 USERNAME 
now i really have no reason to stay at hc ... #contemplatingleaving 😔 
pops just left ! i won't see him til christmas . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME where was my invite ? ? 😑 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i found out what it is by now .. i was just at a loss as to why the hostile response was necessary :( haha 
reading this while at the office on a sunday :-( rt USERNAME should we bring back the 40-hour workweek ? URL #zoonami 
i need my best friends back 😔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
my imessage isn't working 😔 i hate looking at green texts .. #fml 
i miss my best friend already . and it's only been like 3 hours :( USERNAME 
don't know how anybody can read in the car 😣 😷🙅 phones are the only exception ! 📱 
USERNAME noone called me back lol :( lol i'm re-applyin on monday probably ! becuz artizia said their hiring and because the store justopen 
#lifes a #bitch ..... then u #die #true #allalone #reallife #sadtweet #realshit 
welp play time is over gotta full week of work , even tuesday :'( 
trishamiro doesn't like the scruffeh-scruff :( lol oh well , only a week left in no s @ colorado springs , co URL 
they're out of spicy chicken nuggets . :( (@ wendys) URL 
if only USERNAME woulda been here to make bacon 😔 
rt USERNAME rt USERNAME rt USERNAME ik word ook nooit gelinkt bij #20beautifulpeople ofzo :( ( - hahahahaha ik ook niet :( 
that second shocking moment when you realize that the dad on #theborrowers is professor slughorn . 😧 
USERNAME haha tue . but she's acting sick now :( 
when you wake up disappointed cause your dream wasn't real life :( 
USERNAME the white ribbon campaign is doing great work in the city . reports like this are always so jarring though . :( 
i want to sleep😁 😣 me no want to play football 😭 
sucks that it has to be a secret 😔 😚 ☝💨 
USERNAME if i would've known earlier i would've told my dad to text jack that i'm bringing 2 friends instead of 1 :( i'm sorry ! 
bahahaha ! sorry :c lol . i staay lagging when i'm with my girls .. 
USERNAME some bullshitt :( ( tha fuck is a battalion pass ? ? ? ? 
USERNAME aah feel better hun 😔 il tel u what happened yesterday when we skype .. ❤ ❤ 
USERNAME aww no we can home yesterday :( happy birthday ! ! 
USERNAME like the little tikes ones bc they have endless accessories ! but yea there all super expensive :( 
USERNAME i feel ya im getting very upset over here , i just wanna talk to my gurl 😔 
glad titus young and laurent robinson are invisible in their games so far #fml 
my daughter won't get off my chest , i'm hungry . 😔 
USERNAME thanks i always have my hair the same #thanks . 😞 
USERNAME :( i want want want itt ! ! ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you were there & i didn't even get to talk to you ? #noo #lovemycat 😿 😨 😭 
i miss my boyfriend :( ready for this bad day to be over 
running is my stress reliever but i never have time anymore :( 
having a really bad day cuz USERNAME hasn't texted me back yet :'( 
sweat pants chilling with no makeup on #sick ! :( 
vacation's over . :-( (@ john f . kennedy international airport (jfk) w/ 110 others) URL 
USERNAME it was , id give anything to go back ): 
USERNAME oh thhat would be sweet ! n dang :( that's too much 
so i'm dropping off my sis to the raiders game and i'm not invited 😭 😭 😭 lol 
i get so nervous shopping for shoes online 😣 i hope they fit 
its already 12 and still no text or call :'/ from you </3 
wish she could have met the most important man of my life . 😔 URL 
my mf right hand took her black ass to a cabin in wood and shit smh won't see her til saturday 😔 
ahh , cole is going to drive me insane with his crying . i can't do nuffin about it either ): #sadbaby #goingcrazy 
USERNAME i give upp everybody but not me ! where's my reply girl ? :( brazil miss u btw . #screamandshout love u 
2 more days till i have to go back to wisconsin .. :'( ugh 
just got done watching a movie called girl fight ! it's was very disturbing seeing an innocent girl get beat up ! 😨 😣 
if only USERNAME loved USERNAME and i as much as we love her . #sadtweet #wesorry 
USERNAME idk yet 😞 i'm gunna miss you a lot 😭 😥 😰 
101s @ chavez (sf ): :sfo arpt 12 min rte 92 18 min daly city 8 min 
there was some fine ass niggas but they were gay :( 
gosh father of the bride gets me everytime . why do i do this to myself ? ? 😩 😭 #missinmydaddy 
this shitty day just got a whole lot worse .... :( 
so bummed that i didn't realize i could get snowmen on my nails until after they were done 😔 
USERNAME ooh damn 😞 . unos huevos enquesea ! lol 
i just want USERNAME to notice me . so hard . :( 
went shopping only to find out i forgot my wallet #fml 
nothing is more depressing than realizing you wasted five years of your life . 😭 
this is serious . imessage isn't working . 😭 😩 😒 😠 😡 
oh gosh two people unfollowed me just now ... i'm so hurt 💔 
its crazy that i work fulltime :/ . i miss my la peeps :( ( . 
r . i . p . to oregon's national championship hopes :( :( :( 
last meal before the buddies leave . :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME @ freebirds world burrito URL 
this is bullshit , i'm about to turn the tv off ...... #depressing 🏈 
USERNAME i wanna #screamandshout with u , can i ? ? but u need to reply me :( ( 
USERNAME i'm still butthurt i won't be seeing your sexual ass this week :( 
ran 2 miles and felt so good then i found out i only burned 175 calories . #fml 
come on texans ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME lol yup 😭 😭 😭 sending for 20 mins now lmao URL 
nervous to even see you right now .... </3 . 
USERNAME don't tell at me d: i haven't ate & i'm smokin now too lol >.< but i love you & miss you too ! ! ! ! ): 
even though i have 3 papers i've barely started due this week ... i'm giving up on homework for today . #toomuch #cantthink #ugh :( 
jacksonville ? wtf ? i have texans defense ..... 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME 100 .. there was some stuff that i genuinely don't know (past tense) and some that i just missed an accent mark :-( 
USERNAME i currently see all of the warner's minus you at the isu game .. :( 
USERNAME USERNAME um soon hopefully ! but seriously thursday night 😢 
i really ... really .... really don't want to go to this exam review . #ihavetoo 😔 
it's sad when nobody really likes youu .. smh poor girl 😢 
trying to figure out thanksgiving this year is so hard 😥 
USERNAME i'm highh ! ! ! ! i always forget ! ! you know this ! 😭 😭 
such an embarrassment to be an eagles fan lately 😔 
USERNAME i wish i had justin blackmon on my fantasy team 😔 #boss 
this is going to be a long , lonely week 😔 
tell me why i still haven't seen my bestest USERNAME 😔 😫 😭 💔 ! 
USERNAME i wish ! ! ! my sister is allergic though :( 
USERNAME i wanna #screamandshout and just one reply , just one :( please reply me luv ya 
USERNAME i don't look homeless do i ? :[ URL 
i was in bed for waayy too long from lastnight to today . my back hurts so bad i can't deal ): 
i really need a nap . do not feel good . 😔 
brother in law got me all emotional last night ... in the end i gotta break someone's heart 💔 
USERNAME 😔 😔 yeah i have a quiz on wednesday for math but it ends at one but i have to wait on my parents 
super bumme d; amy hastings dnf in yokohama marathon . :( 
i keep turning on and off my phone hoping for my imessage to come back but ........ noo 😔 
i'm in desperate need of some real tlc .. :( 
USERNAME USERNAME why are you so mean to me 😭 
worse thing ever is to hook up with a then discover that she was wearing a mask(make up) to hide her face the while time 😣 
anthony gave me a bruise on my leg :( it hurts :( 
USERNAME i'm like so tired , i've been at work since eight and i don't leave til five :( 
USERNAME idunno but i can't even text you now ): 
i can't believe the patriots cut deion branch again 😔 #sadtweet 
who puts things waay up there where i cant reach ? ? #shortgirlproblems :( 
USERNAME ohkayy no te vuelvo a molestarr adios ! ! ! ! :'( 
💙 > 💚 i message isn't working 😭 😭 😭 
yoo , why do it feel like im watchin dudes playin madden smh USERNAME :-( 
USERNAME noo your ass moved :c & you dont text me or call me or mention me or message me , or dm or holla at me in any other way :c <3 
USERNAME i'm doing good ! in atl about to head back to ohio .... :( how is your health mrs . lady ? 
haven't talked to USERNAME all day . i think she's mad cause of yesterdays joke ): #sowwybebe 
USERNAME just you because you never called me back . 😭 
USERNAME convince USERNAME to come out too ! he doesn't wanna :( 
USERNAME i've been so out of the loop with cricket lately . not had a chance to watch anything since i moved to la . :-( 
im hung the freak over somebody help ): i can barely move 
you play football , you play baseball , you're super tall , you have blue eyes , brown hair , you're muscular , one problem . we barely talk . 😭 
USERNAME i read the fork in the road poem like 40 times and still don't what to do lol :( 
everyone is packing for home this week .... 😞 #illbeherestill 
USERNAME dang ! :( i haven't been on here in forever . next time i'll make sure i make it up there . text me instead though . 
USERNAME so .... now what do we do ? :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i knoww omg i wish i was in disney world right now 😭 😭 😭 i love him ❤ ❤ 
just finished editing like a perfect video , then imovie shuts down and its not saved #fml #backtostepone 
i was taking a pic of my food for instagram but then my dad saw me and made fun of me ... so i ddnt post it . 😔 
don't gotta worry bout imessage i'm not getting any love . 😔 
i dont want to go to classes tomorrow :( #tired #dontfeellikeit 
USERNAME i thought zoe was me for a minute ... i'm so jealous :( 
i wish i had a hot tub 😔 i'm hurting from last night game 
don't have time to go from , girl to girl ... just cooling not expecting anything , but i would like a friend ' girl though 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME mad at my gf and bf . no playtime at work last night , and now were not spending sunday together 😡 😢 
love don't live here anymore ! ! ! 😔 😔 👎👎🙏 💔 💔 
USERNAME ive always hated her .. they need to break up :( 
USERNAME cool on my way imma just finish watching my bulls get woopes :( siikee ! ! 
i wished my job was closed on sunday 😔 😔 😔 
just realized one of my favorite earrings is missing :c  
the only good part about having a family is owning cats and them buying you things , everything else is bullshit 😔 
USERNAME my phone died ... i can't call you , sorry :( <3 
USERNAME fo real fuck this now i gotta see the ugly green shit 😔 😔 😔 
tough loss for the men's hoops team 😔 🏀 #pennstate 
USERNAME i did too :( i gave you a hug while you were in bed ! 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 can i come live down there with you ! 
USERNAME whats wrong bff :c teext me beforr my phone dies 
USERNAME my phone won't let me text you .... 😣 😞 😔 😭 😥 😲 
the last nyc coffee :( good bye my forever crazy home town ! will miss you . @ gate 44 URL 
i am in so much pain right now :( omg 
i need to take a shower but i don't feel good i feel weak . i need someone to help me :( i feel like an old lady .. 
go to nashville last week and don't see them :( USERNAME #sad 
USERNAME were watching it now ! ahh miss you guys ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME you are such a mess . my sister made me pour out my whiskey last night .... :( 
i miss baguio soo much . 😢 but i miss my boyfriend more .. 😫 #ldr 
USERNAME yo por ejemplo , la verga me dejo ciego . :( 
right now i'm trying to handle 3 different research topics . and my dissertation has the lowest priority :( not the right way to live :( 
USERNAME i was there lady friday dropping off my uniforms for campus ministry ! i didn't see you :( i'm coming for a cheer practice ! 
USERNAME awe i'm sorry girl ! 😞 well i'm here if you need to talk 
USERNAME no , you think about me sometimes ! life sucks with diana . :( 
i wanna give a s/o to USERNAME & USERNAME for forgetting about getting me a hoody #smh i could of froze 😢 
one of the many reasons i hate children . they’re dirty little plague carriers . child has infected me with sick . :( 
my body is soo sore from the accident & last night 😔 
i miss my best friends ! ! 😔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 💜 💚 
everyone i know is at taking back sunday :( wish i didn't miss out on buying tickets like a dumb dumb . 
i'm have such a sensitive side . i can cry so easy :( 
i love dogs , but i'm allergic :( i need to get some allergy pills or aomething 
i need a nap .. i'm sick of studying :( 
:( i really miss how we used to be . being just hurts me . 
USERNAME they really don't . even if they say they understand . they have no idea what its like . :( 
i still can't believe that USERNAME poured out the rest of my bottle #partyfoul #depressed #whatamisupposedtodrinknow 
i hate when my dad chops onions . #eyesareburning ! ! ! 👎👎👎 😭 
USERNAME 😔 you would when i need you the most . k . k . k . k . k . cool . 
i have like nothing again tho :( tear tear . 
miss you already USERNAME USERNAME and tyler but i don't think i'm following him #oops #sorry :( 
USERNAME yes our phones want to fuck up right while we're texting eachother ! 😔 that's some bullshit 
that wonderful time of year when my dog is shedding her undercoat > :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss those days soo much 💔 💔 #comevisit 
why do bad things always happen to cute things ? ): -eddie . 
successful day with kosta and the rents ! sad to see pawla and tahm leave though 😭 
homework :( (@ james e . walker library (lib)) URL 
it's so cold ❄⛄i need my baby here to cuddle whiff me 😢 
USERNAME just trying to be nice gosh kb 😔 imma be mean now 😠 
probably just had my last #octoberfest of the year :( USERNAME bring on the winter lager ! ! ! 
USERNAME its been 2 days and i want a burger with fries :( 
wish i was lucky enough to be given a USERNAME ticket for tuesday . 💔 
ahh .. i hate this altitude , my ears constantly pop 😣 
fuu i work tonight ! #walkingdead i will miss . 😔 
ugh . why can't i just have the one person i want . why is it so difficult . :'( 
i got homework that i'm not doing y'all 😁 😔 👌 
i almost took the drive ... its an hour and half south of me :( 
USERNAME i knoww ! if only y'all were here now to make me a taco 😞 
i just wish everything would go back the way things were 😔 😢 
jacked up lens :( (@ wolf camera & image - colorado springs) URL 
i want chocalate chip cookies from mc donalds <3 :c 
USERNAME why do we still have to fight this battle ? :( 
i'm sick of being in this train already ! #getmeout 😢 😔 
USERNAME come back over here .... i'm bored without you :( 
well . i accidentally flung my jar of foundation all over my bathroom this morning . huge mess . waste of make up :( :( 🙍💄 
i seriously want to go visit USERNAME … she’s only 2 minutes away ): #bffprobz 
i need to get the hell outta here ! ! ! 👌 😣 
i hate wearing flats but i can't work in high heels 😔 
i’m mad my uncle USERNAME didn’t finish his pasta before i left 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME the rough life of a 2 loss team not in the sec :( 
i was about to laugh at everybody because my imessage works ...... but it doesn't 😔 
i wonder whats its like to be one of those really good looking people .. 😧 
being the cause of a fight you didn't mean to even start<<< # :( 
jailen didnt even retweet me tweet i mention to her . its coo tho :( 
everything always happens to me ! and i don't understand why ! :'( 
just drove by some of the soccer parks we use to play at and literally got sad as hell . missing those days 😢 
i just wanna be home in my bed watching movies eating my soup 😞 
USERNAME i think it's too late to start and i haven't even played in a while ... i'm not that good anymore ... 😞 
USERNAME not until tuesday night :( but yes please ! #storytime 
😭 fuck my life . jk fuck yours cause i'm not in it . 
USERNAME i agree i'm having the sam problem now my texts arnt sending :( 
USERNAME if i #screamandshout can i get a reply ? :c 
is it possible to love and hate being single at the same ? 😏 😔 
i was looking for the hollywood sign :( can't find it . maybe tomorrow when i'm in hollywood 😁 
hate how i have 5 tickets to the steelers/ravens game tonight , yet a math exam tomorrow morning is keeping me from attending .. 😞 
rip to the girl you used to see , those days are over :/ </3 
ali walsh , rest in paradise sweetheart .💕 you will be missed so much 😢 
USERNAME :( sorry you're bummed chocolate thunder . i always got you . <3 
i missed the fight . :( but im happy gsp won 
i'm so disappointed i didn't take more pictures last night ! 😔 
waking up with a head ache and cuts no fun :( 
everyone i explain this story to say that they are wrong for doing me like that , i mean it was pretty fucked up 😞 😞 
USERNAME yeah dude it's all globbed up and won't work :( 
USERNAME :( damn it i know you aren't happy ! ! lol 
not sold on the monte cristo sandwich . :( the search continues . 
USERNAME i still use it , but only because that’s where all my google reader friends are… :( 
it's cool , i totes didn't want an extra 5 % off :( 
USERNAME :( you can bring those toys out when we hangout ;) 
USERNAME at my hizzy . i had a bunch of projects to do this weekend :( are you going to hawaii this week ? 
glad elainas best weekend in a while was the best without me and kenzie ): 
like do i really have to go back to school .... cause i don't want too :( 
about to take a nap ..... ii want some ice , grr :-( 
USERNAME secretly only ! i promise i don't miss you that much 😫 😖 😢 . i want to bash my head into a wall and be stuck forget #hateschool 
c'mon USERNAME fail us now ! can't watch - oy .. 😭 
im so hungry but i dont have any money . ): 
the bad thing about vacation is you can't see you're friends 😥 USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i'm not ignoring you my phone just isn't sending messages :( 
sho didn't want to fight me tho , i shut that ass up real quick ! ! ! !and yes i make house visits hoe , but from what i hear yaw dnt have one :( 
just pasted our old house from 7 years ago ..... so many great memories :'( 
USERNAME except the 2 males that are ruining our lives v.v 
the birdyy went home ! 😔 i was enjoying its weird noise ! 🐦🎶 
USERNAME i'm scared and overly stressed 😭 #2completely #badthings #goingon 
USERNAME which idiot bitch boy ? hahah . and are you still not going to school tomorrow ? 💔 
#eagles slackin ... USERNAME we need you ! get better babe :( #bestqb #ilovehim #teamvick 
i feel like shit ! ! ! this sucks :-( 
USERNAME omg i love you niall ! please notice me :( 
😥 😖 😕 👎👎👎👎👎👎rt USERNAME julio jones questionable to return with an ankle injury: URL #atlaz12 
if this result holds though , i gotta root for new england to beat indy ? 😔 
it's so hard for me to not take a nap . 😞 
USERNAME :( getting ready for thanksgiving , i will be over tonight with leftovers for you and the fam 
watching law&order svu right now .... really bored .... working on my senior speech .. i'm having trouble though .... :( 
im that g . u . t.t . a .... i move them briks jest to get them ks 
what do you do when your environment is toxic but you have no money or means to go anywhere else ? ? :'( 
USERNAME i better see you this week after class ..... or are u working 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 ? 
blunts ain't working no more , i need some anger management or counseling . 😔 
i'm stillnot over that , we should've talked . i regret it now ! ): 
USERNAME i'm not :( you know but we kinda got ish figured out 
sunday class , i don't want to go to you :( 
USERNAME kylie is even my age and already is . like what . why can't i be thy successful so early ... 😔 😠 
USERNAME omg you've blocked me . why haven't you returned any of my messages , ): 
i need someone new to bake for ... 😐 i wanna bake but don't have anyone to eat it ... 😢 
today was good with USERNAME i really didn't wanna leave though :( 
move out time . :( (@ 2725 amazing-aman & anish's apartment) [pic]: URL 
getting my hair done ..... been here sense twelve :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME no your jump me i'm sorry stop :( 
USERNAME USERNAME can't go home ! ! ! ! :'( 
ill never understand black men & why they're okay with leaving their kids . you don't want that lil nigga to walk , talk , & piss like you do ? 😔 
my mom is having a party and i wasn't invited . :( thanks mom </3 
USERNAME i know bro . wide open ! could of beaten the heat :( 
my mom doesn't wanna take me to the mall :-( 
USERNAME well yes but your bitch as got a ticket already :( . or you just fucking around ? 
USERNAME i always play as qeust because the boys have the xbobx's i have wii :( but i always play with them ! 
USERNAME i mean i did not tweet 2nd day in arow seeing that girl #fml it is just a little uncalled for .. #notbeingrude 
USERNAME well my parents left me ... i'm home alone :( 
“USERNAME so my dad wanted to go for a ride in his baby without me 😑 😞 URL tell him race me . lol 
law and order svu is the best show ever . but i sure do miss stabler :( USERNAME USERNAME but so happy to see alex as the da ! 
USERNAME we should go to a concert together ! ! ! ! he barely comes to michigan :( 
everytime i drink sprite i get hiccups . 😣 😣 😣 
it's just fantastic that when i get a iphone imessage starts to screw up #fml 
USERNAME jerk ! :( i hope you spill it ! 
USERNAME nope everyone thinks they are fags :( more for me tho 
why isn't my imessage working ? ! ? ! #ughh 😔 😣 😡 
USERNAME :( it only works if you tap the message and click send as text :( 
USERNAME i give upp , im gonna cry . i think my reply will neve come :( but #screamandshout is awesome anyway 
USERNAME shhyytt ! you got me amped about nothing 😿 
USERNAME fuck uu lol i wish i was home :( 
goodbye retreat kitty 😭 USERNAME @ quinipet camp and retreat center URL 
USERNAME how can i order replacement tupperware and gel packs ? customs confiscated mine :( :( 
USERNAME guess what .. i'm seriously just starting the 5-7 page paper now .. #fml . #thisisdumb . 
you guys should go adopt a new friend from the animal shelters . my heart is broken </3 
the look my grandma just gave me for watching big time rush < :( 
went out to the park with my two little monsters today now i'm beat 😞 really wish this broken ankle would heal ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME check your fb message por favor :'( :'( :'( 
my niece , nephew , an sister are leaving tomorrow . :( 
really wishes USERNAME would hurry and get these tests out of the way ! #missingmypartnerincrime 😡 😥 😕 
USERNAME i just had a girl offer me one needing a good home my landlord won't allow me to have pets :( (( 
super mega jealous of USERNAME and USERNAME . they are like so perfect and so beautiful . 😢 😢 😢 
remember my pet chicken when i was a kid .... :'( 
USERNAME help ... power outage at 410 river road :( URL 
so sleepy get off at 10 time please go by fast i am soo sleepy :( 
ears hurt eyes hurt throat hurts nose hurts :( #help 
had to miss church cos of work 😭 😭 😪 😢 😓 😥 
get home 🏠 eat 🍪 sit down 💺 eat 🍟 stand up 🚶 eat 🍔 pass out 😴 eat .🍕 wake up 😣 eat 🍩 full . 😥 eat . 😫 full . 😷 eat ! 😭 
ok well i guess i'm just gunna do homework v.v 
it's such a douche move to pay boo 50 coins to steal a star > :( 
USERNAME maybe but i see a lot of empty seats ... #whatsupwiththat :( 
USERNAME miss you hoe ! ! i betta see yo ass this week ! ! or its lights out , and you'll wake up sleeping with the fishes > :[ 
USERNAME you got me craving now . haven't been to sarita's in months :( used to date a girl that lived down the street from it . 
i am so sad i cannot get the pink foams this week :( (((( 
it's so hard to curl my hair since it's a little short then before . :( 
last nascar race of the season . :( (@ brenda's athletic club) URL 
i feel like i haven't hung out with her in forever . :( 
someone is knockin on my door ! ! ! he don't look familiar ! ! 😰 😥 pretend to not hear it lol 
USERNAME i'm not at home 😔 where we going ? 
so sad i just watched the last twilight movie ever ! :( #goingtocry 
USERNAME wow that's really uncool mindy really uncool 😒 i thought you were better than that 😔 
USERNAME i know :( ill see you tomorrow <3 3 
USERNAME makes me really sad too . also super-confused at the rage directed at non-minority allies . :( 
this next week is gonna suck so much .. :( 
USERNAME damn on that #homeworkgrind lol i have to do mine while at work 😔 but thank goodness i have no ccoc all week . 
USERNAME it's been all season though . he's 5 of 12 :( 
i was standing outside for too long last night ... on the downside i'm coming down with a cold :( 
i can't find the damn rock of ages album anywhere :( 
USERNAME i just want something fuzzy to cuddle and spoil :( 
came to c my big sis .... miss u so much and will always love u 💔 😪 😔 USERNAME @ southern memorial park cemetry URL 
so basically , i'm broke . :( i need to stop spending my money like a maniac . lol 
USERNAME yes i arrived on friday and i will leave today ): 
cerrado (double vez- opening at 3pm) ... :-( (@ the limelight hotel) URL 
watching old episodes of snl when my favs were still on it 😔 i miss them so much 
my lil mamas is sick :( (@ urgent care) URL 
USERNAME ikr ! people here call them dirty ugly fags :( i almost called them a dirty ugly fag but i did not 
reading old text messages .... #allbad #whydoidothistomyself 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i bet #ouch :( can you fix the bracelet or is it a lost cause ? 
too much to take in at one time 😔 #dontevenknow #fallingintodepression 
boo :( i heard ! haha well you better get out here soon ! ! ! you didn't do that stupid hunters ed test for nothing ! 
in at this costco and it looks just like the one in burbank . 😯 😧 😮 
everything was ok for so long ... now i'm starting to feel #depressed again . :( i need #vacation 
tried again today to see skyfall . got in to 3p show at highland park village but in the front :( 
hate how your eyes can't stop watering when your sick 😭 
USERNAME i'm so busy with high school sports :( but it's totally worth going ! USERNAME 
my eyebrow feels like its about to burn & fall off .. :( ( 
someone pick me up and take me to the zoo :( 
going in to work , losing my voice ... wish me luck :( 
USERNAME i don't want to bc i don't want to have to wait on season 6 to be on netflix 😢 
woww did my brother reallyy have to put ! ! :( #kyle ... 
USERNAME i already did . it doesn't work 😭 😭 
USERNAME oh that sucks :( i'm on break already but i'm soo fucking bored . at my grandpa's house and there's nothing to do :/ 
i just ugh . i want events to go back to the way they were before :( like club cinema back in january 2011. not mekka 2012. 
laying down watching tv at 3 in the afternoon . yeah i'm a loser .. 😔 
if anyone needs a ride towards austin or killeen on tuesday for break let me know ! this drive gets boring :( 
USERNAME he just passed away in his box . :( i'm so sad . he was a sweet little guy . 
USERNAME 'twas girls night ! next friday saturday and sunday won't be though :( 
i just want to spend time with my little sister that's all . 😔 
my girlfriend >>> , #oh wait i don't got one .. 😔 
USERNAME 41 but my parents took it away because of my report card 😔 🔫 
USERNAME lol oh is that right ? hmm ill remember that > :( ) 
it sucks that i have to use a berry for the next few days :( but a phone is a phone so i shouldn't complain . 
i need some chicken soup , crackers , and some 7up . :( pleasee 
somebody tweet something different all i ever see is #depressing shit . 
USERNAME i understand :( i just love your tweets ! 
USERNAME same here boo ! i got taco bell before i saw it , just like we did ): remember when we went to the hunger games premiere ? #imissyou 
no :( rt USERNAME romo sacked , fumble , cleveland recovers . 
toluca 3 (5) vs . chivas 1 (2 ): los 'diablos' eliminan de manera sencilla al guadalajara 
im not in love at all i just have strong love for youu . but sadly i don't think youu feel the same .. :( 
i want coffee but all the places are closed :( 
USERNAME i know :( i'm scared i saw you this morning and i wanted to cry i felt so bad 
the pictures my mom just showed me of my grandpa ... 😭 😭 
regular text messages are so ugly , i want my imessages back 😒 😔 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 #applegetyoshittogether 
i miss him so much ! ! 😫😫 😢 😢 😭 😭 😭 
look at that ! their kicker made a gimme . green bay doesn't have gimmes anymore :( 
USERNAME when do you come back ! i miss you 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i was gunna make you guys something really special too 😔 
USERNAME stop uploading pictures of yourself . you make every other female on earth look hideous . :( hahaha 
so tired i wish i didn't go to church 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME lol i know ! it's been a while though </3 . 
i hate sad songs they just get to you :( 
USERNAME baby :( it won't be for long . and you'll have the best hello when you get here to make you feel better <3 
USERNAME perhaps because i didn't know you were in town 😔 
i keep a lot of my feelings inside because i don't trust people how i use to . 😒 😔 
USERNAME i know :( it is . its for the better tho :l ima hate the weather so bad over there and ima be all alone >.< 
USERNAME 😭 and ps i tried imessaging you and it didn't work ... i'll probably try again later when i'm taking a break from studying 
USERNAME i'm not home or i would come rescue you ! ! 😭 
saddest day of my life ... berry berry kix are no more 😭 😭 #fatkidissues 
USERNAME lmfao eww that creepy old man yeah sure we're 18 now but we were still your students before :c 
USERNAME :( i will send a new one ! my vulgar tweet isn't about you hahaha 
USERNAME i think you should follow me baby , i love you & i've been your fan since #myworld 2009 please :( 
there are three stop signs to go through on chateau ave . when driving from redwood to 2200 west . #fml 
USERNAME only some days ? its more like everyday for me :( haha 
i'm still exhausted from last night . i just wanna sleep , but i have to watch my little brother . 😔 
and tomorrow starts the back to work grind .... :( 
USERNAME i hate people too . and your phone :( 
what ? ! my baby ! ! ! ! ! ! :'( #xfactor -- 
... as if i need any more volleyball , watch USERNAME in the nsic playoff title at 3pm (just a few minutes ): URL 
idk what's goin on with imessage cause no texts me 😞 😒 
i just want to cuddle i wish you was here its so hard to sleep ): 
i would leave my cigarettes in my car which is like ten miles away :( 
omgg . i haven't used my ipod since forever . 😞 
wow i miss out on everything . USERNAME in minneapolis tonight . 😔 😢 
i wanna go on a movie date with babe 😔 
i have work til 9 😥 but after i wanna hangout ! 
i wish i could watch breaking dawn over and over again like if it was the first time 😔 
USERNAME they don't know how to play a full 4 qtrs :( 
i'm ready to get back to monroe ! ! ..... i miss my baby 😔 
USERNAME i was stupid and talked .. i need you here now ): 
i hate seeing kids throw their lives away to gang affiliation .. breaks my fucking heart , for real . :( 
if u come get me nika nn .... im broke :'( 
“USERNAME dolphins found shot , mutilated in gulf of mexico URL sick 😢 🐬 
just got my car detailed yesterday and all a sudden it wants to rain today #fml 
i miss the secret world of alex mack 😔 rt USERNAME i miss desperate housewives :-( 
i wouldn't know . no one i text have iphones . :( 
quero furar meu nariz mas minha mãe tá de fiofo doce ): 
my only boyfriend was hispanic . and we dated for 2 months back in 8th grade 😭 😭 😭 
i remember when me and USERNAME were friends ......... :( 
USERNAME i thought you loved me ... you just used me to let you in your dorm </3 
verizon ! why i oughta ! ! ! ! ? ? ? #textsnotgoingthrough 😿 
i wish my sisters room had a tv in it ): her beds so compfty . 
my dad's at the falcons game , i was too lazy to go . . :( 
i'm not gonna have any money to go shopping friday since i keep eating out 😒 😞 
USERNAME i've just been super tired today :( i'm attempting to straighten my hair right now ! 
green boxes are ugly . i want my blue ones back . ugh dumb imessage 😞 
i'm so sad the series is over though . i refuse to accept that 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME i noee but she started it :( , so i gotta finish it 
all i want is for my texts to send and facetime to work :( 
my hubby must be bussy today at work , he hasn't text me at all . :( 
USERNAME i thought you called me a dipshit but that was USERNAME :( 
okay seriously about to start crying my head hurts so bad ohmygod ): 
it's time .. to clean my car . 😞 😳 
USERNAME how was the rest of the night ! ? sorry we left early ! :( ( 
always sleeping , you obviously don't wanna talk to me 😔 
USERNAME voila moi . dans meme etats la .. :( 
it’s a sad day for apple users everywhere 😔 steve jobs please come back 😢 
fish i'm really craving a mcdonalds sweet tea ! hate being at work bcus i can't go get one ): 
skyfall was sold out :-( (@ silvercity yonge-eglinton cinemas for flight) URL 
USERNAME i know and that's all i have right now :( 
bored af sad to say but nobody wanna fuck wit me cuz of my mood swings :-( so i jus say #fuckthem 
taylor swift and a 5 page paper .... i just wanna nap on my sunday ! ! ! ! 😣 😤 😖 😩 #cryingaboutit #ihatehomework 
USERNAME - aw 😔 👎 when will you guys see each other ? ! 
USERNAME i hate you guys ! :( i want to cry *5year old girls voice* 
i wish i didn't have to baby sit :c i miss my bb USERNAME . 
she had a miscarriage > :( ! ! ! ! ! ! 
seriously ........ fuck having to go back to work .... #salttruck 👎 😔 #thatsthatshitidontlike 
i want to go ice skating someone take me 😔 
i hate my life . there's no if &'s but's about it . straight up #fml 
i wish there was a new harrypotter movie out in theaters instead of stupidass twilight . why did hp have to end :'( </3 
if my room aint ready then i cant go :( 
USERNAME do u know the 2 effects of the scientific revolution ? ? 😣 
that tree has been through some shit ... toilet paper catches fire on famous oak tree: toomer's corner (picture ): URL 
someone has a drinking problem , i seriously recommend that she gets help , she might be heading the other direction 😔 
i dont wanna live in ohio ! i wish i had the money to up & leave :( 
i just want someone to cuddle w/ & watch christmas movies all day 😭 ! 
i get back home and my life long neighbors moved now i'm sad as mess :( #imissyoumrandmrsradcliffe 
sunday evening live greyhound racing (all time's et ): bluffs run 5:00pm and tri state 7:00pm . 
i think i have ulcers . and my eczema is coming out . ): #ineedanewjob #oratleastnewcoworkers #andacomputer 
here goes the rest of my day #fml #work #8hours :( 
now i can't tell if people are ignoring me texts 😭 😭 😭 
the fact tht my bf ain't know tht subtweet was about her << 😧 
never ever ever ever ever take an every clear shot ): 
USERNAME aww joey :( buy just think about me coming home soon and it'll be okay ! 
now i can't tell if people are ignoring my texts 😭 😭 
i keep dreaming i'll be with you and you'll never go . far away for far too long 💔 
USERNAME ahh i forgot . why ? dont get her in trouble she kicked ass ! :( 
yay that just got me a bunch of fantasy . points ! boo the lions are losing :( 
USERNAME i seriously get one every time i eat :( 
USERNAME USERNAME so sad :( there goes all our forts 
USERNAME percebi o seu nada , demorou 15 min pra responder . kk . eu to assistindo o enterro do palmeiras :'( 
imiss oomf , we been talking since july and aint chill yet ): 
i would do just about anything to get rid of this migraine right now . 😣 
my mom thought i ran away ! i feel bad for putting my mom though hell . :( now i know how it would be if i really did . 
really wish they would send me home early :( ( 
i feel as if i've been gone for to long 😔 
wish he would see that she just uses you and that i have been here for you thru everything ! #sadtweet #sorrynotsorry 
this is the first dallas game i've missed this season . #depressing 
😪 😢 😥 ***pheww*** i made it #xtra #spicy ! ! ! made #my #cajun #shrimp #jalape ños #alfredo w/ # @ the bat cave 💋 URL 
final in kansas city as the bengals win , 28-6 😥 
awh the final episode of icarly is this week :( 
USERNAME yeah . it lasts till semester i think . i'm a #probie now :( 
please hold me close , tighter & show me you love me like you say you do ... 😕 💔 @ bencia , ca URL 
USERNAME : (. </3 that automobile seemed to be a road warrior for ages . 
USERNAME you have no idea how much i miss my other half right now 😢 sounds like a plan to me let's do it 
i love you so much .. i just don't like you anymore .. 💔 
don't like to see that with any player . :( rt USERNAME mccoy got a concussion on that play 
USERNAME idk ! i like the other one too ughh :( (( 
i had to cut an inch off my hair today and i'm having panic attacks cause of how short my hair is now . :( ( USERNAME #longhairprobs 
lmaoo .. manii be quiett ! ! ! ! ! :( ahaha 
i hate throwing up . being sick sucks . :( #needtofeelbetter #ugh 
my throat hurts so bad :'( i'm just a mess . smh;; 
i'm still sad that i can't go to romania for christmas 😢 #imissmygrandma 
USERNAME hahahaha that just made me laugh . breaking my heart 💔 
car ✅ job ✅ school ✅ a bae :( ❎ #trajic 
i feel horrible ... idk how imma make it to work tmrw :( 
USERNAME yeah she said she wasn't sure :( like what the hell you better get sure ! lol 
i really do love hin it's just i can't do what i wanna do :'( 
i thought i was the only one ! ! ! it keeps sending to everyone else :( 
i can't even watch the end of this game 😔 
USERNAME i hope your better , im so beat ): 
on my way to the studio .. still bored .. :( ( 
omg my life is ending 😭 😩 i hate not being able to watch my games 
it's over in st . louis as the jets win it , 27-13 😢 
fuck my sister ! i hate her cheap ass 😠 😩 😭 😤 
going to the hospital to get my knee checked out :( hope it's just bruised ! ! 
i've done more homework the past two days than i've done my entire life #exhausted 😞 
please please please tell me someone is down to snag some drinks with me . :( 
i've got the stomach flu or something :'( ..... this sucks , why do i keep getting sick ? 
USERNAME USERNAME i know ! :( i like seeing her hug people ... bella is protecting her child , like esme wanted to ! they're alike ! 
i'm a browns fan wahh wahh wahh wahh 😭 😭 
my mom told me i need to pray for my kitty that i got in 1st grade ... he's not doing so good . 😥 🐱 
1 year , today youve been gone , miss you more then anything tt :( <3 rest in peace <3 xoxo 
can someone please go see twilight with me ! ! ! ! 😭 
oh no i'm gonna miss the #chargers game :( hope they kick some bronco ass 
family first .. definitely gonna be one of the hardest things 😢 
i have the worst headache ever i feel like i'm going to barf . 😢 😷 😞 
the only person i want to see right now is my boyfriend . 😔 
USERNAME i can never finish a water bottle :( im addicted to juice . 
wow , one world trade center is enormous (never got to see the twin towers ): URL 
someone come over & watch pet semetary & labyrinth with me ): 
USERNAME we have the worst owner in sports . :( 
kids sleep wish there daddy was here :( #sadtweet #wishfultweet 
i want to subtweet you , but you follow me :'( #thestruggle 
i know you read that text and i also know that you didn't answer me on purpose .. #hurtmeagain i mean it's not like its anything new .. 😒 😞 😥 
USERNAME i lost so many followers . :( idk why lol 
USERNAME imessage isn't working at all ... fucking so annoying 😔 
USERNAME aww :( i miss you too bby #rideordie #mainbitch #bffolyfe 
last avenue q show ? no . i'm not ready :( #loveeveryone 
USERNAME ohh god , lets play my parents got a new tv 😦 😦 URL 
phones only on 9% and i'm bout to be out for another hour #fml 
USERNAME happy birthday bbygirll i hope you have a great day and i'm sorry i can't be there for it ): but nevertheless happy 16th <3 [: 
when my dog eats poop then runs & jumps on my lap & licks my face . 😣 #nasty 
i hate when someone said there interested and wont tell me who they are :( 
everyone says imessage is messing up once again .. i wouldn't know cause no one ever texts me .😁 😞 
oh noo , i got a USERNAME social media citation from my sister . :( URL 
USERNAME idk i can't handle it anymore though ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
mccoy , feel better soon boo . 😭 😘 ❤ 
"USERNAME it feels like there's no hope :( #jbmeetmagbutt michigan nov 21st 3 days please help me ! USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
they forced me on the ferris wheel i almost died 😔 USERNAME #uci #hau #santamonica #beach @ pacific wh URL 
USERNAME can we pls , freaking meet our babies :( 
the feeling yhu get when the person you like doesnt even talk to yhu ! << :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i don't like being cheated on 😔 
USERNAME i 💚 you soo much ! ! i want a horan hug ! but , i'll never meet you guys 😭 💔 you can steel a kiss from me ! ! ! #trulymadlydeeply 💚 
you know my cramps are bad when i throw up 😔 😔 
some of these question my mom is asking are like 😓 😣 
everybody watched football in sundays except me .... 😑 😒 😔 
just gonna watch tv all day because i have a life~ 😔 
been waiting for activation of imessage for 15 minutes now 😞 
this is not gonna be an easy goodbye . 😭 😭 😭 
i got another haircut and this time is was professional ! ! 😫 😭 💆💇🙍 lol URL 
went a little too hard last night for my niggaa USERNAME birthday . now my whole body hurrtss😩😫 😭 
USERNAME .... after what i did for you last night ? 😔 smh unappreciative 
want to see my aunt ba ba :( i miss her so much 
today is my bday .. not excited to get older :-( 
finna take a nap .. 💊💊 kicking in ! ✌ 😞 
USERNAME no te llegan mis mensajes :( te mando un abrazo gigante . te amo ! 
USERNAME 😞 😠 😠 😠 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😤😤😤😤😤 i was literally about to bake you a cake for your birthday ... scratch that idea now ! 
no tweets from USERNAME during cautions ! :( boo ! #nascar 
when that physco kid in the butterfly effect puts the jack russell in a burlap sack and beats it to death with a baseball bat 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
3 more hours 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
still so tired :( my sleeping schedule is so off ! 
just remembered my tv is broken & i've got to watch the amas tonight ! :( (( ohmygodd , i'm bout to die ! lol 
seeing couples be so happy and wondering why can't that be me :( 
#gears3 is running really bad for me today . :( 
someone take me to in n out , then cold stone , then finish with starbucks 😔 #ineedsomeone 
that bonnie & clyde relationship , where we ride together 🚲, cry together 😭 , fight together 👊💢 😡 , die together 💀 ❤ 💀 >>>>>>>> 💏💯 
my dad didn't ask me if i wanted to go to the steak house with him 😭 . 
it's been a while since i kicked it in the block , 😢 
right when i'm in a good mood , a sad song comes on pandora .. 😔 
USERNAME i was tryna text you ! guess i'm not a friend 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME yes please ! ! i'm sick of people saying its the best and i haven't even seen it yet 😭 
shopping when you don't have money to spend but you do it anyway bc ur depressed :( 
don't even know what it's like to win anymore :( *pulls out paper bag* 
USERNAME i have to work all the holidays this year . :-( 
USERNAME they were way better on their first album swan songs :c 
i feel so stupid from making a fool out of myself 😔 
really dallas ? the browns ? #romoblows #disappointed 💔 🏈 
not havin no service in yo own house > :( 
that feeling when i see his name on my phone << 😫 💔 👎 
un poco resfriado relax consentido en casita escuchando mi emisora favorita #1 en miami ❤ mor 107.5 fm espero sentir me mejor 😞 😷 
USERNAME i brought in a application today ! i want to make sure tamika knows ! the online one isn't working :( 
it's just a bummy kinda day for me . 😔 😪 😐 
i want a peppermint hot chocolate from starbucks :( those are so good 
USERNAME i know what your saying got a 10 poin t.t his will feed alot of people . thank god for the blessing 
USERNAME oh i wish ! still have an htc :( lol 
i'm so excited to go to ga southern for college but this drive sucks 😭 #longandboring 
USERNAME i'm sorry , i would but i'm taking matt back to school now . :( 
ughh , not good . ): i still love you anyway , dallas . 💙 
USERNAME omg hey baby i miss you so much :( ;)) 
closed on sundays :-( (@ andrew christian factory outlet store) [pic]: URL 
i want a torta or a burrito from juanitos . :( 
back to work tonight ! :( not excited about it . wish the change i am seeking could happen sooner . 
bye bye new orleans :-( (@ louis armstrong new orleans international airport (msy) w/ 20 others) URL 
USERNAME i haven't gotten out of travs bed yet 😔 i'm actually kind of embarrassed 
USERNAME this is really weird :( (( did they come in as text messages ? 
USERNAME can't believe you unfollowed me in the first place 😞 😞 but i love you as well 
the worst part about having someone visit is saying goodbye :( 
USERNAME okay . i still hate that you guys merged with merchnow :( 
i'm literally crying because i'm so jealous of USERNAME 😭 ❤ 
trakila en la casa ... thankful for the lil i have ... some dont have nothing :-( 
when i'm sad i listen to drake and only drake 😔 
USERNAME oh word i wouldn't know because you never txt me 😞 
sometimes i need to be alone , bitch dnt kill my vibe 😞 🚬 
good thing USERNAME came to rowan and we didn't see each other 😠 😔 #wesuck 
during the wknd i just clean & do hw :( 
i wouldn't mind chik fil a but it's sunday ! :( 
work will be the death of me today . #fml 
USERNAME o.o :o o :( ( , never going out to day light again 
is there any girl that would wanna wait outside in line w/ me for the bred 4's ? :( i'm gonna be lonely .. 
USERNAME okay mother , thank you . i'll be lucky if i get a c on this assignment #fml 
i wish i didn't leave my xbox back at my dorm :( 
i be bored when i ain't textin my bestfriend 😔 
matchmaker santa made me want my prince charming ): #christmas #movies 
i just burnt my top lip and my tongue 😔 #stupidtea 
USERNAME i didn't have gas till this morning :( ( i'll try and make it to the next one 
i want a steakmelt from subway :( it looks so good . 
this ten page paper is killing me . 8.5 more to go 😧 😶 😓 😨 
mann woke up to bullshit and body's aching ! ! 😭 ! ! 
am i the only one that really misses my boyfriend ? 😔 #deercamppleasereturnhim #evenforaday 😔 
being sick & being on your period sucks . 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😩😫😩😫😩😫😩😫😩😫😩😫😩😫😩😫😩 
the demise of hostess… 😔 🍪🍩🍩🍪 😕 @ speedway URL 
i just wanna go homr and cuddle with my cats :( #sadtweet #work 
someone want to comeover . make brownies and cubble with me ? #alone :( 
when you hate yourself for not talking to him more . what's wrong with me . 💔 
USERNAME sorry to hear you're sick :( take care of yourself . my daughter and i have been praying for you . URL 
i'm bad news . i'm just bad for you . i fumbled your heart . 😕 😔 
harry potter is over and now so is twilight . now what is there to look forward to ? 😔 
don't feel good , think i'm getting sick again 😕 😔 
watch out , my chicago bears ! green bay packers look real impressive ... ): 
this imessage thing is pissing me off .. this is bull shit .. nobody's is working . 😭 😠 😒 📲 
whys magic mike making me sad i thought it was just gonna be cute boys dancing 😥 
about to be such a rough shift 😢 need . starbucks . now . 
USERNAME i ran a red light :( but he didn't give me a ticket . he said i'm too cute to be getting tickets ^___^ i was panicking lmao 
eagles fans gone kill theyselves .... lmao . 😭 😭 😭 
“USERNAME i am a cop magnet . #notagain 😭 #$&USERNAME happy birthday to mee #%&$@ URL did you get a ticket ? 
wishing USERNAME was gonna be able to come to the falcons vs . saints game with me 😔 #interesting #falconsfanvssaintsfan 
how can one person feel this shitty ... ugh :'( 
just by my tl i can tell that everyone's imessage isn't working . 😔 👊👎 
. USERNAME has dropped out of the race :-( #jinglecx 
parent teacher conference is in 2 days ... my parents are going to disown me for sure . USERNAME wish me good luck ? i'll need it . :( 
i'm missing you seeing u already and it's only been an hour since i left :( i love you so much , baby . USERNAME 
makes me tear up watching these competitions knowing i cant do it anymore #sadtweet 
this research paper is seriously gonna be the death of me 😞 🔫 
working out all alone :( USERNAME please get a gold member ship 
on one hand my pickem selection is getting hammered today but on the other hand lololololololololololololol :( owboys 
USERNAME :( (( what a shame ! please don't be sad , there's nothing wrong with u nothing… love you endlessly :'( <3 
USERNAME imessage is down . texts work . just not imessage . :( 
it's hard to see someone go through the same thing you went through :( 
ready to be out of this hospital ! ! 😞 
i haven't been on the lads group damit :( (( 
i wanna play my wii u all break and just sit there and be happy but no i gotta werk all break . ): le sigh . 
i wish i could've gone to church or something today 😔 
USERNAME nenaa where you've been ! ? jajaja 😧 #youweremissed 
my mom isn’t talking nor looking at me 😞 😒 
my 7,000+ songs deleted . 5 years worth of pictures including my spring break trip senior year , also deleted . 😡 😢 😭 
i hate when i hear a song i like on the radio and then forget to look up what it was . #darnit 😔 
“USERNAME the eagles lose again 31-6 and allow rg3 to set the rookie qb record for completion percentage (93% ): URL 
my mom and my brother are working my nerves right now lik fr ..... 😒 😾 
USERNAME eww u ! ! ! ! ! ! ! hahah andd nothign boredd blahh you dont hmu to hang no mores :( 
:( rt USERNAME dead at me just listening to the clean version of the snippets . talking bout some biskzkz this pretty , that's seldom . 
noo i have to leave in a n hour :( #dreadingthis 
USERNAME makes so sad :( i told lisa you were so weren't coming home for thanksgiving she almost cried .... 
USERNAME i can't i'm from switzerland :'( what a shame 
my wisdom teeth are coming in ! ! ! 😔 
mehh .. someone talk to mee .. lexi is bored .. 😔 
i always use to think losing my voice was cool when i was younger . now it's horribly frustrating . #voiceisgone 😞 
i miss my pups so much it makes me depressed #lol #pathetic 🐶 :( (((( 
i have such a big personality but such a small ass 😔 
#confessionnight i like someone who i doubt ima have a chance with 💔 
everyone has been to sunday fun day except me :( 
USERNAME yeahh 😞 yup that's why you gotta risk it to get the biscuit ! but you risk a lot 
USERNAME awhh i miss you too :( :( :( wahh come visit me ! ! 
all alone now . 😔 lol i'm so pathetic . 
my USERNAME shirt aka my fave of all time finally met a stain it couldnt resist . the culprit ? ? vanilla extract :( 
don't have any pics :( but he was in the 442nd regimental combat team , the most decorated infantry regiment in us history #proud 
this project has taken me .. ehh i dunno .. thirty something hours ? no project should ever take this long :( thanks #ksu professors 
texting my girlfriend while were on the phone cause she doesn't wanna talk to me ): 
USERNAME twitters bring mean i sent you other tweets and then didn't send ! just finished the notebook they die next to each other :'( 
i'm over here at the skatepark reppin that trukfit for ma boii lil tunechi ! haha :( 
that last comment really hurt ... having second thoughts 😢 😪 😥 gn tweeps 
USERNAME my microphone was broken ! i was so upset . 😭 we're gunna have to do this again soon . 👍 
USERNAME it's okay liam don't be sad :( they need to fix that ! 
shower .. bed then up early in the am to study some more . 😣 🔫📖📚 
i hate that my mom feels my pain 2x it hurts me on another level #justwanttomakeherproud :'( 
i got one more night with my teddy bear . 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME eff life . resses pieces . 😔 🔫✌ 
i miss all my girls ): USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME yee i just wish someone would realize that :( 
USERNAME :( (( i wish i could have seen you ! 
my ❤ is USERNAME soo if yu break it 💔 ill break yu 😡 😠 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i just want some medicine & juicy juice :'( #seriouslysick #someoneplease 
i need somebody tah comee take care of me .. i'm feel'n kinda sick :( 
USERNAME 😔 i wish there was . maybe it wouldnt of hurt so bad . lol 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 why are you doing this to mee 
oldmemories . ««« #ihatethem . they make me miss #everything </3 
USERNAME sotc messed everything up . :( but i miss you oh so much 
soo ... i can't find my backpack . anywhere . #fml what the fuck happened to it . 
USERNAME you went sledding ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
too caught up in life .. i forgot about the day .. 😢 💔 🙏 
USERNAME lol i will ! ! ! she is going into the shop on monday though . 😢 😢 😢 
i haven't even looked to see what my hw is .. 😞 
USERNAME lol tell me about it :( i actually read in spanish jaja . peru m da flojera la vocal bc i still have my psych paper :/ 
USERNAME USERNAME i'm getting annoyed know stop please guys✋ 😔 
weird that i didn't go to USERNAME house today 😔 
i wish i could retweet USERNAME and USERNAME :( #privatetwitters 
pretty much all of my friends on xbox right now are playing halo 4 while i'm still waiting for it . :( #hurry 
i was doing so good till this movie came on but now .. bam 😢 😭 
#confessionnight i have had sex in public more times then i have had sex in a bed :( 
a girl can only take so much .. just gotta stay positive that my time will come 😥 🙏 
USERNAME lol lets do this next weekend i'm still recovering from this weekend 😷 😞 
USERNAME i'm scheduled to see a psychologist for ptsd 😢 
USERNAME nope :( i got a job up here so i guess i'll be making monies and being a loser lol 
USERNAME you cut me out of your cover photo ): #notloved #sadrachael 
when you find stuff that you forgotten about that remind you of other things #memories 💔 
USERNAME no 7.5 :( dont think i could even squish into those ! lol so sad i missed all the crazy shopping :( #pinknationafterparty time 
USERNAME whatt reallyy :( (((( i'm just setting up noo 
i want to draw more otterloos but the sad truth is that im supposed to be drawing gay horse porn right now :c 
my thoughts earlier < 😔 😔 wht was i thinking man 
#confessionnight i cant forget my past no matter how much i try to forget it 😔 
i remember the notebook sad but not that sad 😭 😭 #currentlysobbing 
this has been my view pretty much all day . i hate being sick :( @ concordia university URL 
now im tired as fuck and i wish i was sleeping a long time ago instead of doing my review :( to bad i forgot #sigh 
omfg . this magazine i bought about bentley's birthday <<< he's so old ! 😦 
seriouslyy is there any faster way to delete mass amounts of people from fb ? ? :( 
fracken worked my butt off on this homework and right when i finnish i find out the answers were in the back of the book 😐 😔 
USERNAME ahii loca :( llorare dame el numero de tu casa -.- 
USERNAME aww and i heared i'm not seeing you tomorrow :c 
#conefessionnight - ifuckn hate myi ex , but again ilove him , anyways shit will never be da same ! okay #fuckhim 👊 💔 😔 👌 
watched the #notebook yeah cried like a baby 😔 true love is real just need to look for it 
eu consigo chorar em todos os episodios de himym :'( 
i want a daughter so bad , and i ha e the perfect name .... but tht'll never happen 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME tell me about it .. im right there with you . winter time is the worst too ! i get super pale 😥 
society will always see skinny as more attractive .... 😔 
i'm so tired i've never worked so hard in my life with 300 guests 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 💀💀💀💀💀💀 
went to the mall to have lunch w/ the girls & i came home with shopping bags 😞 #girlproblems . oh well i love shopping for fall 😚 🌳🍃🍂 
heading to bed 😔 its like when you sleep you don't feel no pain . 
love living my life vicariously through USERNAME #perfectboyfriend #cutestmom #shewins #luckybitch 😔 
i thought i smelled like bleach so i decided to look at my shirt ): 
#confessionnight i ran so there for i'm not bout that life 😔 
USERNAME it's too early to go to sleep 😔 😒 
USERNAME i'm in bed , you took too long :( 
theres so many things i could say about this weekend , needless to say im happy to finally sleep in my bed again . 😔 #imgonnadisappearnow 
USERNAME im not being insecure , i just want my privacy :( 
USERNAME soon ! hopefully soon . i really do miss you :( like awhole lot .. its been foreevrr , too long 
USERNAME i didn't even wanna sign up for this ! i just wanted the jacket . 😭 #toughmanprobz 
USERNAME seems so was tonight :( love you girl <3 
USERNAME yeah . you would . tres wants another baby . but on the shot . but , a side effect is you gain weight . :( #fatforever 
USERNAME i already know why ... :[ and ill be in iss monday too ! 
i'm over feelings . seriously this weekend has been the lowest i've been since i can remember . and i have no idea why i'm so upset about it . 😔 
phone been dead for like 2 hrs and as always ... no texts . :( #loserlyfe i aint got no friends , guise . :'( 
USERNAME don't tell me you had a dog named jasper that died too ? :( 
man i wish i was at that mmg tour concert right now ... please dont tweet about it , im not mentally stable for that :( 
i hear there's a cold front coming in tonight .. 😭 
you questioned did i care . you can ask anyone . i even said you were my great one . now it's over 💔 
i am freezing and no one to cuddle with 😢 
USERNAME i agree ): keep thinking i'll stop but i just can't 
every time i watch the notebook i cry 😭 #thenotebook 
#confessionnight i rather say confession day been gettin my 💔 all day 
i'm turning into a huge hypochondriac and it's freaking me out :( #helpme 
USERNAME USERNAME aww ): i thought i was kinda cute sometimes . 
is it cuz the room was a mess ? none of your stuff is ruined ,, why steal my computer :( so wanna cry right now i can't stand men right now 
i wish i went to fern creek so i could see USERNAME and USERNAME tomorrow ): 
there are wayy too many thoughts in my head right now 😔 
USERNAME haha okay ! & i miss you too :( & everybody else misses you too ! 
USERNAME i honestly thought that we didn't have school tomorrow . meany . ): 
goin to cry my eyes out now cause my heart is into a millions of pieces #ihatemyliferightnow :( 
USERNAME i already did 😭 😭 😭 😭 it tasted soo bad 🔫 
#confessionnight i always feel like i'm not wanted and no one really want to hang out with me #insecure 😞 
USERNAME i will in a little bit , don't feel like texting everything out right now 😞 love you 💕 
i need to take a shit ! i wish i was at home 😭 
USERNAME haha i'm too tired to even ask about them , but man what a bummer 😔 
#confessionnight i want another cute lesbian couple for me and babe to hang out with but there's none around here that like me :( 
i'm so sad lori is dead . 😩 and is eaten . 😔 #walkingdead 
USERNAME damm thats fucked up :( stop calling me like that -.- 
someone text me i have no friends :c #foreveralone <\3 
i wish things were like they used to be ! right now ill just cry what about that ? ? ? 😕 😢 
basketball game tomorrow at shsu cant wait but last game till february :( 
trial exam results distributed . 'scholastic attitude' still a work in progress :( more parents must recognize their role at home . 
USERNAME damn . can i get on payroll .. whose cooch i have to munch and crunch to get on .. :-( 
the notebook gets me every time ... 😭 #classic #sobbing #notevensorry 
turkey bacon package was wide open .... prolly got freezer burn nshit ! ! ! :( ((( 
nights like these makes me wish i had a cat even more .. 😭 stupid apartment rule ! ! ! i have cats& i can't even have one here . #homealone 😥 
USERNAME miss you sis 😭 come back into my life ... or die . k love ya 😘 
i know what my 11:11 wish i gonna be :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm going to cover my ears tomorrow ! can't watch #thewalkingdead until tomorrow . :( 
okay so i need to get high to watch mac & devin go to high school ? 😭 it says it in the opening credits ! 
#confessionnight i miss you like no other . #comehometomeplease :( 
USERNAME u know -___- uncle said i can't go there cause were leaving first day in the morning :( i'm sorry :'( 
USERNAME that was you ! i wish you wouldn't have raped me and USERNAME :( 
USERNAME lmao 😭 they only live up to be 3days the most . 
anybody know what happened to the phillips family ? :( 
why do all the guys i want never want me back ? #fuckmylife 
the fact that my family is making me watch paranormal activity 3 <<< 👎 😳 😢 😩 😱 #killmenow 👩🔫 #soscared 
USERNAME me too , im tired but i cant sleep #fuckmylife 
#confessionnight i don't understand why i don't fit in with my class .... #sadtweet 
the fact that i let you play me , again . #depressed 
#confessionnight all the boys that i think are cute these days lowkeyy be young tho :c 
fuck im tired :( i've only slept 6 this weekend :'( 
USERNAME haha dammit ! i hate psychology ... and this paper . #depressing lol 
i might have to finally unfollow USERNAME and USERNAME after the tampon posts ... 😢 
i wish i could dance like they do on footloose :( . 
USERNAME sorry , we have no kitchen at sd :( . id bring you some if i could ! 
i only have four verified followers ): ... only four #suckstosuck 
yass ! ! #teamminaj sleepover ... we awl only wish :( 
i tried being strait and blunt . i tried to take initiative . blown off and ignored 😞 so not cool ..... fk it ! now what ? idk , i give up ..... 
USERNAME i feel like a let down . i shaved in the middle of no shave november . 😔 
it's sad that just the music alone makes me want to cry . i'm a cry baby when i watch this movie . 😥 #nojoke #titanic 
i've been off for three hours and i always have that one table that stays here for fucking ever . #fml 
i'm mad at taylor & i feel awful for it . i'm mad that she left & idk how to forgive her 😰 😥 😪 😓 😢 
i don't have a class with victor tomorrow . #sadtweet 
USERNAME i have pain again :( like its getting bad again 
anyone can text me . i mean , i love goodnight texts .. :( 
“USERNAME i just reallyy miss my soulmate right now ... 😔 💔 USERNAME miss you most 😩 
big bed .. lots of room #dontlikeit # :( <<<<<<<< 
USERNAME there is no reason to crush every girls dreams ... 😔 
#confessionnight oomf is very quiet , but right now i miss her voice :( 
USERNAME i know ... but i am in a conquering mood not a cooking mood :( 
i just want to go to bed ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME :( :( :( :( 4 for you kayla vencill , you don't go kayla vencill 
idk how il fall asleep with this headache rn 😔 
i don't want it to be my birthday yet .. but i wan t.t hanksgiving to be here #faveholiday 
USERNAME i'm his number one fan and he still doesn't know i exist ... #sadtweet 
i hate how so much is changing my senior year 😔 😠 😪 
USERNAME that's awesome . yay ! ! ! 😁 i'm glad you brought them . you'll be freezing if u didn't brought them . ☁❄⛄ 😞 
USERNAME tell me how it comes out ! yeah everyone saw bri but me :( 
its been a long weekend ... 3 days without seeing you </3 
USERNAME oh i know of her but not like dat doe :( ) 
why am i still up ? my bed time was like four hours ago :( 
fun hockey win tonight against our great nemesis the past 6 years - the swarm in #fivestarhockey . now 3 weeks off :-( URL 
USERNAME pretty much yes ! haha by the way do you have my twilight eclipse movie ? i can't find it anywhere :( 
USERNAME ha ! right ... i didn't even buy anything from express :( too expensive ... :'( 
USERNAME sorry for being moody again ! i don't feel good ! 😞 😘 😊 you're the best for putting up with me ! 
USERNAME no you don't :'( you forgot about me ! ! ! ! ! 
damn . missed 11:11 on 11/11. let me go kill myself real quick #fml 
USERNAME ugh me too . i was looking forward to it all day 😔 
USERNAME i miss everyone ! :( like we all took advantage of the distance . and now i'd kill for us to be in the same area . 
USERNAME :( wtf i didn't get yours either earlier ! 
i haven't been able to log into instagram :( ((( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME alaa .. kak mieza bukan nk approve .. xbole baca :( 
don't want to go to sleep because i don't want it to be tomorrow . :( 
USERNAME she's dropping hints , you better stay away ... 😦 
#confessionnight i be ready to cuss out my ex acting like i hurt him that bad but i never cheated you gave me the </3 
USERNAME sad we couldnt goo :( you guys are toi obsessed with shopping -___- 
USERNAME hajaha very ! didnt wanna bother your convo though hahaha :( miss you though dude 
its been a long weekend .. 3 days without seeing you :( 
i'm go honestly still in love with you ... but i can't even tell you 😔 
that sad moment when a song makes you cry . 😢 #gayboyproblems 
USERNAME aww love you too doll ❤ 😘 goodnight ! 😔 ❤ 
i want my skinny white girl ass back . damn this backside of steal from 5 months of squats :( never doing squats again 
omfg USERNAME was the man bak then . sad to say my favorite rapper fell off and it really hurts me that's why i never admit it 😔 
USERNAME the thing was ... it wasn't pollo who left them :c idk who it was :o lmfao ifelt like iwas in the rosa d guadalupe lol 
dam too fuckin cold outside i need ma boo to cuddle wid :( 
USERNAME one of the most amazing love stories ever , sniff , sniff :'( 
USERNAME -_- piece of shit bank ! lol & it's their official page why can't USERNAME follow me instead 😭 
#confessionnight friday at school i tripped and fell going up the stairs right in front of USERNAME can you say #embarrassing 😞 
knowing that this week's already going to suck . whateverr . 😭 😩 
USERNAME lmfao i'm soo stupid miranda ! ! ! ! i thought today was me and amanda's anniversary buut it's tomorrow 😒 😣 
USERNAME i applied to f21. i havent heard anything back though :( i worked in kitchen saturday night ! 
USERNAME i didn't see ant tunic hoodies tonight :( #privateshoppingevent 
gracias por la tanda de #tipico q rico lo nuestra carajoo ! pero un toco corto :-( ! ! #respect USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i didn't even know 11:11 texts could get old ): lol 
#confessionnight i kinda have a crush on #oomf .... but he's kind of an asshole :( #fml #prettysmiledoe 
USERNAME so i realized today that now i can't go anywhere and see uggs without thinking about poop in them . thanks . 💩 😔 
i tried to get in by pimping chuck and his veteran status - didn't work :( but ... 
i want u to move back home and rewind our friendship to my freshman and sophomore year :'( 
i'm honestly still in love with you .. but i can't even tell you 😔 
USERNAME was it mine ? ... i'm sorry thought i could sneak that one in :( 
why can't i calm down & just sleep ? :( 
USERNAME i knoow ! i swear i was watching it one moment and it was on and the next they died in the bed together :( 
USERNAME christmas break we'll be the biggest colts fans in barrie #imisshockey #winterclassic :( :( :( :( :( 
USERNAME yeah yoy dickclown ! ! ! and ikr ! :( 
shit forgot to shut down my boss' office tonight #probzfired 😔 😔 😔 lol #nocares 
i just want one one 11:11 wish to come i just one ): 
#confessionnight i don't want to be at the school all week by 7 am for practice :( 
USERNAME dang that really stinks :( you’ll make it though ! once you’re over half way you kind of have to graduate . 
#confessionnight i am terrified of dogs ! ! ! ! ! 😳 😫 😥 
damn forgot she can't see emojis :( get on that #teamiphone 
all haley's tweets about her parenting baby make me want mine back :( 
dead at me wishing she would open the refrigerator wider so i could see what she eats ! :( ( #stantypeshit 
the person i wanna talk to is always busy 😔 
USERNAME that movie made me cry jakey ! ! :( 
everyone's watching the notebook not me though . #timetravelerswife it is 😢 
no more football . 😒 😔 sucks losing in the first round but at least we made it . 
i just want you and only you forever 💗 but i can't have you 😔 
USERNAME video: la agresión de navarro a cristiano ronaldo URL #realmadrid #madrid ” // USERNAME :( (( 
this small dog barking outside of west quad <<<< i can hear you over my music :( 
cause it's my babes last night with us 😢 🍷 #wine #tisdale #sweetred #sutterhome #moscato @ g106 URL 
#confessionnight i also can't stand the nasty men who stay here ugghh only some understand my pain lol 😔 
i want to be with here soo bad , just bumming around the crib 😢 USERNAME 
you should post a nsfw warning prior to all these horrifying obama dick tweets 😭 
USERNAME no i didn't baby fine yu want me to go home bye ! :'( 
USERNAME i just feel so irrelevant lately , and i've been having a hard time :( 
i'm ready to see USERNAME , i need to began a countdown . 😔 
#confessionnight the only reason ill play wit the pussy iz jux to check if it stank or not 😔 #realshit 
hey guys can you go follow my friend USERNAME ? he only has 18-ish followers . :( 
USERNAME an armoire fell on top of her . shes getting staples in her head 😔 
USERNAME but it's a friday the next day ! :c 
i miss my family and my sweetheart 😔 i know they'll always be here for me . 
USERNAME i think i cry because it just reminds me every time that im grow old with 35 cats . i want a noah and allie :( :( :( 
me can't sweep cuz me took a nap today :( 
i have to agree to that as well .... guilty :( 
USERNAME USERNAME he's trying to tell me u mad at me n shit ): 
i really hope you didn't forget about me 😔 #missyousomuch 
i don't think she realizes twisted i really am . 😥 
USERNAME stress isn't as bad , but sad cause obstacles . might have to seriously move to florida . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i know . you torture me . :( 
at 12:00 it would have made 1 year me and taylor was together lol 😔 
ever since i got my concussion i've had problems with my neck .. i really didn't mean to fall 4 feet onto my head ! ): 
i keep going into depressions every time i think about how the giants got shitt on today 💔 
USERNAME noo you still hurt my feelings like that one saturday when you didn't give me a hug :( 
#conefessionnight i hate USERNAME for getting high . damn man . #sadtweet 
USERNAME you should post a nsfw warning prior to all these horrifying obama dick tweets 😭 
if i had one more day with you .. 😔 
USERNAME hahah pshh youd be the #1 stunter :o :( 
if only i had someone to talk to 😒 😞 
the previous tweet was dedicated to the breaking down of my computer .. rip :( 
seriously .... this is getting so old ! i am so tired but can't fall asleep or stay asleep . tomorrow should be wonderful ! :( #sotired 😩 😥 💤😴 
USERNAME USERNAME wish you were nice conner :( #jk #youniceaf 
USERNAME i did </3 but you dont have to think i really did :( 
did poorly on my test due to not studying enough :( #upset 
i am going to miss everyone that isn't doing comp show especially the freshmen and the people i generally don't see ! :( ((( #iloveyou 
USERNAME i checked and i thought it started at 8, but for my cable network they played it at 5. #sadday . 
when you're dreaming w a broken heart , waking up is the hardest part 💔 
woow our waiter just described me and my mom fat without even saying the for 😔 we're not far we just love food 😊 
USERNAME i have no idea ! ! :( i got a new thing to put all my movies in and i was trying to organize it and i just noticed that one was gone :( 
USERNAME i wish i could have watched but i just moved and dont have tv yet :( 
its going to be a lonng night #boo 😞 💊🍵 
i dont know why i do this to myself and watch this movie ! #thenotebook 😢 
i got sick when i was at san diego :( #idiedfromthecold 
i want to move out of this school , house , town ,&state 😭 🔫 
i miss my little seesters USERNAME USERNAME and jesus :( 
my heart hurting again nn i gave my pills to my step moms #fml 
USERNAME omg stop faith thats too good i thought about you when i tweeted you ! ! ! i forreal missed you on friday ! ! ! :( 
i got no hoes no flows no nada :( ( 
shana just made me sad all over again cause i cant order my hair til thursday :( 
USERNAME no come ! there will be no one to me right at lunch then :( 
USERNAME lmfao ... it does .. i wasted so much extra $ for nothing :( 
everybody ain't able . that's all i gotta say 😔 
USERNAME are you kidding me ? after all those brownies and doughnuts i can't even get one iced mocha .. smh 😔 
depressed that i missed the walking dead 😔 what the fuck happened ? ! ? #help 😳 
USERNAME thank you- many are needed ! tragic & numbing . :( 
USERNAME no . i checked my dm and had 30 of them :( 
USERNAME yeah you told me about it ! oh no don't be mad at her 😔 😔 😔 
i think im just gonna go lesbian for USERNAME 😔 ❤ 💞💕 
if i can't retweet you i'm going to favorite you . #unlockyourtweets :( 
USERNAME :( i miss you where have you been ! ! :,( 
tomorrow will be horrible ... back to school and possible snow #fml 
#confessionnight my mom is my best friend and every time we talk about her being sick i can't help but cry . #ontheroadtorecovery 😢 💜 💚 ❤ 💗 
kailyn and her boyfriend make me sad #iwanttocuddle :( single kayla problems 
i hate when older relatives say , nd im like .... 😔 #everyyear 
if i wanted to cry i'd be watching the notebook . 😭 and it's naht one of those nights 
i wish i could go into a hole and die . #girlprobs #ugh #fml 
reading makes me nauseas .. i've been trying to read the same page for a good hour now ... 😣 make it stop 
charlie st . cloud has me balling my eyes out . #sadtweet 
my hair's still soak 😞 gonna wake up tomorrow with the lion kingdom 😔 
USERNAME i was very sad . this is the first time in 8 years i haven't had a disneyland pass :( 
i'm so so so so so so so so so sorry 😔 
#confessionnight i want my sister to come play madgab with me :( 
today was awful , i've been in a bad mood all day 😔 
im mad how i havent seen skyfall yet ! ! :( 
i care to much of what people think ..... </3 #confessionnight 
a part of me still has feelings for #oomf but a major part of me wants the girl i'm talking to now #fml 
i remember when i used to skinny ! ! 😩 😢 
home early for once with nothing to do and no USERNAME or USERNAME :( #strange 
USERNAME i'm done you just called me a witch 😢 
USERNAME ouch ! i think i need some ice for that burn :( #crusheddreams 
when it's way to cold to get gas . wtf . #fml 
i really wanna cry when i think about it . excess fluid in my head ): 
sad that i'm never gonna get to experience the dorm life .. 😔 #sadtweet 
USERNAME they didn't let baby lux sleep on a seat next to lou because it was reserved for platinum travelers :( 
it's nights like theses where i wished i had my mom to talk to 😔 #muchmissed 
#confessionnight i ran over a squirrel while driving and the only thing i said was uhh ohh . 😔 #sosad 
last year on my birthday i spent it in my dorm room alone cuz i had practice the next morning :( 
getting tired of eating nothing but peanut butter , hard boiled eggs , and oatmeal between meals 😣 💪 
but i liked them in november 2011 before they even came to america and nobody knew who they were))) ): 
USERNAME please do not compare rita ora to rihanna 💔 holy jesus christ 😩🔫 
hard to believe states was a year ago today 😢 #missyouguys USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i'm sorry it's just so tempting to creep on you .. 😒 😔 
USERNAME i know it's sad to say but i don't think if anything will ever be the same anymore :( 
lol , jk . i don't listen to chiodos enough to criticize them . but btf doesn't suck . :( 
USERNAME no i checked my dm's and had 30 of those . i didnt open any , but i guess it still spamming my list :( 
so upset that christmas music isn't on the radios yet 😥 🎶👎 
i stopped eatting the hubba bubba squeeze pop but then USERNAME got me one the addiction is back 😔 
i'll b wearin these scars for everyone to see 😢 💔 🙏 
#confessionnight i cry too much 😥 😥 😥 that's just me though 
lol man i must be ugly if i'm not in a relationship now ! 😳 😔 
USERNAME my laptop in general is being a pain in the ass . got like 3/4 papers due this week :0 #ihatecollege #fml #sickofschool :( ( 
the fact that i went to the library two times today means this accounting test has got to be important :( #killmenow 
that last tweet was for you USERNAME and the fact that this coming week is the titans bye , yay for me 😔 
the notebook never fails to make me cry . 😢 
USERNAME and all his sad tweets tonight 😣 cheer up ! 
ugh just found out one of my best friends is grounded :/ ruined plans for next weekend :( 
i need to learn how to take my own advice 😔 #smh 
#confessionnight i said some hurtful things to julissa wen we use to go out </3 
i miss sam and cayla and aj and ben and chelsea :( 
USERNAME i went to mcdonald's right after chapter 😢 💔 
guess i'll just cater to her until she can get there :-( 
last night with USERNAME and chris :-( (@ chez moi ! ) URL 
USERNAME i'm sorry . i haven't listened to that song in so long and it just happened . 😔 
zach is so mean he wont go her me chips ! ! ! :( 
i just want to be able to sleep in tomorrow . but i can't . :( #sleepdeprived #hellweek 
USERNAME USERNAME i will prolly freak . out but idk . im to shy ! :( 
USERNAME you're welcome ! it was a thriller , once again . boring wx week pretty much . :-( have a good night my friend and a great monday . 
had some great talks with veterans today at work , but it made me miss talking with my papa 😔 #thankyouveterans 
USERNAME it's fricken messed up , we were all freaking out ! now i can't sleep 😔 
dying to watch the game 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i can't breathe out of my nose 😒 💔 😢 🙏 
USERNAME it just does not want me to chat you back :c 
hope you're happy with a guy who treats you like crap . it's not even that you didn't pick me . it's that you went back to that ... 😞 
just started the first episode of friday night lights and its allready just heartbreaking :( 
USERNAME that just happened to me ! it sucks because cereal sounds soo good and then you're just like damn itt :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i wish i knew what y'all were talking about :( 
#confessionnight learned to not wear my heart on my sleeve that's how you get your feelings hurt 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you didn't ask jenny :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i hate being separated ! 😔 
not going to bed happy < 😔 oh well .. can't try anymore . 
USERNAME that's so sad 😔 was she really mad ? 
foreign pain goin on in my left side ... what's going on ! i need to sleep #6amshift 😞 
USERNAME abby dont scare me ! i have a mirror too ! :( 
USERNAME ugh that's why i don't see you :( ( poo ! </3 
and then they pass away together . the epitome of fucking beautiful . #thenotebook #crying #hysterically 😭 
finally i can see u crystal clear 💔 😢 🙏 
i just really wanna glass of ice cold sweet tea , too bad i live in naperville and the only sweet tea around is mcdonalds 😔 😒 👎 
imight juss be feelin this way cause im mad af ! 😔 everything a be str8 in the am . 
i have so much cleaning and homework to do right now 😞 
my baby is working nights now :( i don't like cuddling by myself ! 
time to finish these essays . which means ima be up all night :( 
just did a few laps around the parking lot in my car and i still ended up parking the farthest from my room #fml 
i don't even know who you are anymore . #sadtweet 
had me thinkin we had it all 😢 💔 🙏 
the weekend went by too fast ! did not , repeat did not .. get anything done :( 
#confessionnight it kinda sucks knowing nobody likes you as more than a friend #letsbehonest 😒 😔 
just notice the huge bruise on my back that i got from gang bang baseball . :( #ouch 
USERNAME stop it ! ! average ... regular ... real women are beautiful too . make us feel unwanted ... :( ( 
sb was like ! ! ! my nigga :( (( 
USERNAME your making too many new friends without me that i feel like i never see you anymore :( 
just dropped off USERNAME at the bus station downtown 😢 
every time i walk past haverfield i miss it so much 😔 
u had my heart inside of ur hand 😢 💔 🙏 
#confessionnight i miss shaquia . that's my bestfriend/sister/cousin :( come back ! 
USERNAME okay ! i'm just making sure ! i am sorry though :( 
USERNAME haha sorry i really am now ! and someone didnt text me back all day ): 
USERNAME bettah be or else i would have started to cry 😞 
USERNAME lol u kno i gah mek u smile u was looking down b 👉 😔 lol z👉👉👉 😊 🙆 
couldn't even make time for a game of halo today #sadtweet 
USERNAME :'( okaay . im gonna cry in a corner now . night 
#conefessionnight i always fall 4 da wrong type . ! 😔 
-- i'll do it when ii get to tallulah . which is tomorrow 😔 
#oomf should come see me though ? 😏 even though i can't text you .. 😔 
bed , drs tm to get mri on my knee to get cleared #lastweek 😔 
i would get nail polish on my new vs hoodie 😩 #fml 
awh my birthday is almost over . i don't want it to end . :( 
USERNAME shes pretty but she annoys the fuck outta me 😭 🔫 
:( this has to be the worst week in a long time for me ... but i must stay strong and overcome this . 
USERNAME don't cry ... cuz we miss you everyday in sac :'( love u imani ! it was great seeing u friday . 
i just wish you were here right now 💔 👫 
you're incredible but i feel as though something in your life is going to hurt you all because of me </3 
i wish that i didn't have classes tomorrow like everyone in high school 😔 
USERNAME you were gone this weekend because of volleyball 😔 . but congrats girl you rock . 
😪 rt USERNAME this is why i love her . don't leave me for cali 😩 😭 USERNAME URL 
why is everyone talking about the notebook ? did i miss it ? :( 
i wanna use snapchat , but i forgot my password 😢 
USERNAME yes i was like this is mine and faiths class together ! ! :( i was so sad ! !you better be here on tuesday girl ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME after lunch i told you guys i was tryna get back to norman cause i had tests to study for :( 
forgot to tell USERNAME my two stories and now i only remember one ! :( #forgetfulprobz 
turf all over my carpet from football .. 😭 #sosad #missitalready 
i really hope this talk doesn't take a turn for the worst 😔 
aww i thought i was your best girl friend you could tell anything too :/ // . #sadtweet 
it's been two weekends without seeing and hanging you . 😞 💔 
USERNAME lol actually i would know it isn't bc he's not following me :'( 
#confessionnight i regret coming back here . i miss nyc ! ! ! ! & the restaurant :( 
USERNAME aw di ko man nakita nhey chineck ko po wala man , mabagal kasi 'to nhey . 3x ko na po chineck eh :( :( 
you guys should take more pictures . i want to see more ! :( 
this is why i don't watch the notebook , i've been crying for the last half hour and making USERNAME promise me he'll visit me 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME but then again im from texas hes not any where near here how will i ever meet him :( 
mark trynna make me watch scary movies 😱 i love to watch them , but i get scared easily 🙈 😭 😰 
#confessionnight i'm really uncomfortable with mitch lucker's death . 😔 
miss my best friend so much , come back to 🇺🇸 😥 😰 
USERNAME thank you c: & aye you know mr . jordan isn't are permanent teacher right ? :'( 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( i'll have a better second impression lol 
USERNAME i'm doing mine right now . i need a break :( 
if USERNAME thought this fandom was going through some shit drama last night he should see how tonight has been :( 
#cofessionnight i use to get bullied so much ... 😔 
no . take your kisses somewhere else . 👉🚶✋ 😡 😭 
i really think i'm stuck up but i don't wanna be :( 
ughh i miss my bae 😔 😘 ❤ ❤ ❤ 💋 💋 
opening sequence to tonight’s walking dead (no spoilers ): yes . i was worried they were going a different route w/ the governor . 
USERNAME :'( i haven't seen you in a loong time .. 
USERNAME USERNAME i beleive we both are part of the droid nation :( #sadday 
i miss my mom the most when i'm sick ): 
i hate when my bf can't argue without yelling or swearing or just plain getting snappy :( 
USERNAME i know . :( i remember bits and pieces of it , but not much . it's okay though , i had fun with you guys anyways ! 
won't be able to see him till tuesday 😔 😔 👎👎 
USERNAME ok ! and most likely . i'm really bad . last year beck and subie killed me :( haha 
epsn for the night ... this should be interesting (🏈🏀⚽⚾) 😣 
USERNAME lol mine too 😔 but secretly i'm like , let me tell the world ! 
it breaks my heart , but i just can't do it . 😔 
i won't be a real og until i get my tattoos tho 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME no i have no idea where it is that's why i'm on my ipod 😥 
USERNAME oh thanks :c i c hao much u miss mi it ok </3 
is it time for break yet ? me so tiired of school :( 
awh wittle USERNAME didn't answer my phone call . :( 
i remember when we used too talk everyday ... i miss that :( 
USERNAME alright well for now i'm off to sleep since i have to be up early to go back to illinois tomorrow :'( 
USERNAME awe ! :( how are you gonna get it ? 
#confessionnight i wish USERNAME and i were as close as we used to be . #misstheolddays 💔 
USERNAME is it being inconsistent ? mine was off and on all last week :( 
why this song ? seriously ! fuck you iphone for playing upsetting songs ! 😢 
gained soo much weight 😭 . need to exercise . 
i wish my back would just heal already . constantly being in pain is getting extremely old . 😔 
i wish my dad would call me & tell me he made it safely to ky ): 
since my ova half not textinq me , i'm goinq tf to sleep , ! # goodniqht </3 
someone text me because i'm bored & my head hurts ... 😥 
USERNAME wth ? its not on ... :( it finished like an hour ago 
i hate that scene where they get into a car accident and sam dies 😢 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss you both too :( :( <3 3 
looking in the pantry and seeing that you have no ramen noodles has to be one of the most depressing feelings ever :( 
and i thought we were getting close 😔 😞 💔 
miss when my guy friends use to play video games with me 😔 
scared out of my mind . gonna have nightmares ...... :( :| 
anxious to find out what i got on the act 😳 😁 😣 #hopefullytomorrow 
haven't tweeted in a few days , sorry guys ! ! 😕 … 😒 … 😔 … 😞 #apologies 
USERNAME i would have had a blast doing it ! i wish i could have done something in the theatre . :( 
USERNAME i think i've noticed ! hahaha i wish i had naturally curly hair ...... #myhairsucks 😣 😞 
someone should call me and make me smile or something in depress mood </3 
hey . heyhowareyou . imfine . that'sgrea t.t hatguyscute . ehnotreally . <<<how they talk on gilmore girls #quicktalk #lost 
the notebook always gets me to cry .. 😢 ” 
my cousin calls me a wet cracker cuz i'm mixed 😔 😔 
when my sister tells me i have a fake smile <<<<< 😡 💔 
guess he went to sleep in me .... up alone :( 
USERNAME oh my god my too ! 😭 i mean so does till i hear you sing , but that's got a backstory to it to why i cry when i listen to it 
USERNAME lol see i'm following and i still can't get a follow back ): 
i just want to have an actual conversation with you . 😔 
goodnight twitter ! i wish that oomf would've texted me but it's too late now ! #byebye :( 
when my back hurts so bad i could scream ! ! 😫 😥 😣 
assassins creed ending . this is why i hate watching the ending .. it leaves you hanging . #fml . i can't wait to get the next one . 
i still have sharpie all over my legs ... it won't come off 😒 😣 
i wish you could just forget it and move on ..... ): i don't like to see you upset . 
USERNAME :( me too come spend time with me friday ! 
#conefessionnight i can't say i have no regrets in life , because i do 😔 
i feel like the type of guy i'm attracted to isn't attracted to the type of girl i am #sadday 
never sobbed like that over a movie in my life USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 #sodepressednow #foreveralone #wah 
they didn't answer 😔 i wanna know who it is now 
omg i have had the worst heartburn all day ! ! ! 😣 #needtums 
USERNAME i miss you too ! i have had like no one to talk to ): i worked like all weekend . 
USERNAME in all honestly i wad thinking about tweeting you not too long ago . but i miss my . :( 
not looking forward to tomorrow as seniors clean their lockers and remember all the memories that happen this year #sadday #cougarnation 
:( almost forgot i gotta be upp at 5 am . speedyy homework tiime ! 
balled like a baby in like four parts ! ! ! ! :'( 
USERNAME why what are you doing for christmas and new years :( 
USERNAME i know it sucked ! ! ! ! :( thank you for breakfast today ! ! 
i feel bad for jason cambell he's just trying his best :( 
USERNAME noo 😔 im doing soccer next year somewhere else 
#confesionnight my bestfriend telling me she hate me <<< 😪 😢 😱 
USERNAME or do 3 acts . #superbear #nanaschocolatemilk #fml lol 
if you're a bird , i'm a bird 😭 💓 
USERNAME well that sounds nasty and a half . 😣 
just sent USERNAME some of these new bars ... and i was bullshitting with it , imagine what i would really do to these niggas bruh . 😧 😐 
it's okay julia well find one to go to ... 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME dom made shit hot , i regret girls i hooked up with and i realized you'd fuck me up if you knew 😔 
done with tonight </3 i'm gonna just go sleep my pains worries and angers away .. 
USERNAME me too :( crappy thing is i'm gonna lose cause i couldn't sub my det def out (and they got me 0 points ... ) 
USERNAME ahh i wish it was christmas here :-( lol 
USERNAME lol ok i have no pets but i really want one :( 
i can't eat , i can't sleep .. #thissucks #fml 
USERNAME lol well niether am i :( haha , we gotta plan something 
USERNAME since you didn't go glasses shopping w/ me & you were being a boring texter to me #wahh 😭 
i hate sleeping in this big house alone :( not to mention i'm almost positive my dog's about to die #getmeouttahere 
USERNAME i havent played that yet :( i keep telling my friends to get me it for my birthday . hahaha 
USERNAME i was jw . cause sometimes you just randomly dont show up ): 
fell asleep 2 1/2 hours ago with a migrane and it still hasn't gone away :( 
movie night with the girls ! ! wish we had the movie elf :( #movienight #3dayweekend 
i miss my brother and sisters in cali so much i need to make a trip back home asap ! :'( 
ugh , forgot my charger at my cousins house :( 
wish i had someone to hang out with :( #bored #nofriends 
confession : i miss my baby USERNAME 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 she be acting like a stranger 😞 she don't 📞📲 or nothing 
i'm so sick of kissing frogs to find my prince #fml #littlethings #foreveralone 
USERNAME i miss you too ! i wish i got to see you :( 
USERNAME i want that too #sodepressed 😭 love you ❤ #wah 
who gone text me ? no one ? iight 😢 
so depressing when my wifi hates me and i can't finish my facetime with USERNAME 😥 
ppl that eat and eat and eat and never get fat :( i hate you lol 
the last time that i heard from USERNAME was friday night :( i miss her ! me & her need to caught up on things 
USERNAME i'm just really sick . 102.5 fever :( (( 
fuck my iphone i want a galaxy and rell got it before me 😭 😪 
i miss USERNAME :( ( even though she sucks at texting ;) 
USERNAME no :( one thing we don't have in common i guess ... 
i love palm bay & the people here i just cant keep coming back & having to leave it all again </3 i just want to stay 
USERNAME USERNAME haha ive went its super cute ! ! but very cold :( well when i went 
i can feel myself slipping and i don't wanna fall . ): 
guess he went to sleep on me ... now i'm up alone :( 
USERNAME lol how did i not see this .. and why :( 
gwuise never send someone a text when your upset because once your calm you feel like the biggest idiot 😞 😔 
guess i will go to bed waiting for my to go off is a waste #sadtweet 
USERNAME i love you too ! and miss you too kiddo :( we will bump into each other at some point ! 
my ear phones are no where to be found 😔 😣 
i'm fucked my son won't sleep in his crib 😞 
#confessionnight i stress over the littlest things and i hate it 😣 
USERNAME thanx little sis , i feel incomplete ... i either need u , sam or USERNAME & i don't have any of y'all right now 💔 
i guess ima watch the notebook . all by myself tonight ._. 😑 💔 URL 
i want my scarves , sammydress . ship them to me :'( 
USERNAME lmao , it's ok we'll get you some help 😭 
i've made myself almost sick worrying about this an i told you an you say idk .. 😔 😏 
USERNAME i miss you too :( pretend im there hahaha actually no that's creepy *watching you sleep* 
didn't know the paper due wednesday has to be 8-10 pages ...... i haven't even started . :'( 
i want some beef ramen .. too bad i don't have any 😔 
i cant control my emotions at all right now . #fml 
i moved my bed to the opposite side of my room , now whenever i wake up at night i feel lost . 😿 
college would be much more enjoyable if i had netflix 😔 
like i believe she loves that bit more than she loves me & my brothers yo 😔 
USERNAME noo lo siento ya no le sigo ! :c me personas ? ?c: 
USERNAME USERNAME well your lucky :( i really want to . meet them 
USERNAME wahh . get it yourself . i don't even have a whitey's up here :( 
i feel so left out not having a xbox ... 😢 
im sorry jasmine please #smp i need it 😭 😭 😭 🙏🙏🙏 
USERNAME me too .... bears are losing it . so sad :'( 
i know i never will feel this way again . :( 
oh the things that happen at dd #onlymylife #crazy #creeps #wtf #fml 
i don't get it . i tried being straight and blunt . i tried to take initiative ! ! ! nothing .... completely blown off ! ! 😞 now what ? idk ..... fk it 
USERNAME i'm so sorry . you are too young to lose friends . 🌺 😥 thinking of you 💜 
USERNAME oohh . well yeah i waited at mi casa foreverr to see if you'd text me so we could go but no text :( 
USERNAME no it fell out last night and this morning it was closed :( , 
i feel like i haven't been on twitter all night 😔 
USERNAME i like to think i was first to ease the pain 😥 
gahh , how i've missed you all ! :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME i have no one else to cuddle with :( 
USERNAME you have nail tech at your salon ? mine quit :-( and i need my nails done again ! ! 
ok 6 events in 3 day i need some tea and my bed becuz this throat is shot :'( no voice 
USERNAME awh . :c i'm sure everything will be fine . c: 
my crush at work didn't like the idea of me dying my hair black :( 
USERNAME USERNAME guys come on now .. you really want me to kill myself tonight ? ? 😭 💔 
eep ! i missed 11:11 on 11/11 ... :( ((( 
my dog only loves me when i have food 😭 
my poor baby was holding on to that pole for dear life ! ! ! :( (((( bet she was thinkin ! 
really dad why won't you make me food )) ): 
USERNAME 👭 😔 i knoww u are . love you more besos 😘 
USERNAME i miss you too :c what you been up to ? >.< 
i'm salty as fuck right now . now i have to hear from cole how houston is better than chicago . #fml 
i wish i had a girl best friend ... #sadtweet 
omg this just is such an awful day :( #why 
USERNAME rupas tacos from that one sale :( hahahaha aye 
i just wanna b acknowledged not only for the bad but the good to :( 
only 1 thing that could make me smile rn 😔 
i missed my tayor the past few days 😭 😟 👎 
have a essay and outline for my final project that was due friday i am yet to even start it 😞 😒 😔 
#outoftheknow :( no friends so i don't know what everyone will be talkin about tomorrow 
USERNAME USERNAME come too ! i wish USERNAME would be home 😔 
im seriously upset that i couldnt go to the . believe tour </3 im heartbroken maybe next time :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
#confessionight watching bun heads on tv right now makes me wish i was still a bun head ! #imissbeingadancer 😞 
#confessionnight a poor nigga like me been heartbroken 2 through our his life 😭 😭 💘 💔 
uugghh im missn my quez n this weather .. :-( :'( :-( 
USERNAME nvm just found out . he was in the icu for awhile with pneumonia :( 
is tomorrow really monday :( ugh on the bright sidr a step closer to thanksgiving break on the 19th 
USERNAME i know :c i'm excited to see you on tuesday <3 
so it'd be awesome if someone new would text me 😞 
my dad is using my moms car for work bc he has flat tires . hes parked behind me . i have no car . what the hell am i supposed to do tomorrow ? 😣 
#confessionnight i dont like smart mouth people or pessimistic people 😣 😡 
i miss you so damn much USERNAME ): get your lazy ass here please . 
USERNAME awh .. mines a chicken shit . haha & when i have him on me he knocks out in like 2 secs . pitbulls scare me though 😦 
my parents won't tell me shit about my car 😭 
when your really tired but you can't fall sleep <<< 😣 😴 #fml #iwantsleep 
is sad that USERNAME is gone and won't be here tomorrow for matching muffin monday :( #temporarilyalone #sadtweet #tuessdayy 
can there just be one night where i could go to bed with a smile on and someone doesn't ruin it ? 😔 
:'( really this is to much in one day for me to handle , lord please let this be a dream 
sucks i didn't get a meet and greet for the USERNAME solo tour :( 
man i don't know how either :'( rt USERNAME i don't know how some of y'all ever get laid .... 
USERNAME really is . i'm missing so much . ): 
USERNAME you never texted me saying you got home okay :( :( did you get the iphone case ? ! 
USERNAME USERNAME you were with me at 1st then u left me alone ): 
i guess ima watch the notebook . all by myself tonight ._. 😑 💔 URL 
i miss my other half and it's not okay . 😔 💔 
why couldnt god just say on the 2nd day school will not exist :( 
£rything goin wrong ritee noww . . . . :( 
that moment when you are talking on the phone and run a cop of road , then get pulled over 😞 
USERNAME text me cuz i miss you and we never hung out :( 
damn i need to sleep , i gotta get up early for school , and straight to work , not coming back home till 10pm ! :( yay me #fml 
i accidentally swallowed the ball on my tongue piercing today :( 
my noodles taste like soap because the bowl i used was not rinse out all the way :( 
sorry for scaring USERNAME and USERNAME .. 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME i know :( </3 i was so torn up the next few weeks it was crazy 
USERNAME thanks love ! i wish i was going too :( 
they kidnapping girls on the southeast .... ! 😱 😱 😱 😢 .. ! *wait it said girls . ! i'm good #yolo 
#confessionnight we haven't fell asleep on the phone together in a minute . USERNAME ! :( 
i try to help people , but they just don't want my help . :( 
USERNAME lol 😒 i was so excited to eat the rest then i realized i left it in tyler's truck and almost cried 😔 
my phone was turned off for two days and it managed to delete every 3 thousandth text from you and i ... #fml #crying #sopissed 
how come i didn't get the como mi hermana . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME you should be i mean wow i just love them but will prolly never evet meet them :( 
charlie st . cloud makes me cry so much . omg zac efron is so sexy when he's mad . bby don't cry . :( (( 
josh is exactly 6 months older than me 😔 😒 
USERNAME such a badass .. crying in the notebook and shit 😭 😭 
im not .. me . when im not with you </3 
i shouldn't be much longer but you shouldn't have to wait can't lose you , can't help it , i'm so sorry , i'm so selfish :( 
USERNAME well i think so & so does someone elsee 😔 
USERNAME miss you friend . feels like forever ! #sadtweet 
i hate it when my baby sis texts me to come home cause she's having problems . so sad . #teenageprobz #horriblesis #ihatecollege 😣 
i love you both & i'm sorry i can't reply to your texts . 😔 idk what's up with my phone but ill txt you tmrw ❤ 😘 USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME USERNAME i remember when you guys used to tweet about hating me 💔 😔 
to bad he won't reply cause he doesn't have his phone 😔 
i just saw a volt commercial but USERNAME bff was not in it :( 
USERNAME :( why ? it's a good thing ! it just looks a bit daunting on this side of life . 
fuck the bullshyt i'm fonna go sleep man 👍👉 😔 😴 
can't sleep texting people to get my mind of off things . ): 
sittin here in this lonely apartment with my kyitty but without USERNAME :( #dafuc #tislonely 
i love you , but i think i can't love you no more </3 
:'( i got dissed nasty dennahoe rt USERNAME USERNAME #youaredismissed ... 
#confessionnight i try to convince myself everyday that i don't need a man ... but i want one so bad #fml #wishfulthinking 
#confessionnight i hate crying in front of people but here lately i've been doing it a lot .... 😔 
USERNAME i'm too fat , i won't fit in your pool ): lol 
USERNAME i miss you too ! i mean you kind of left me at our wedding awhile back . </3 
USERNAME it is when you don't get heart broken 💔 👎 
i miss you as much as i miss galen :( rt 
why are USERNAME and USERNAME talking about me ? ! ): what are you guys talking about ? ! ! 
i thought campbell was supposed to be a competent backup ? #bears #houvschi #depressed 
why do you talk to me when im over you 😔 😔 #leavemealone 
USERNAME why haven't we hung out yet ? ! wah 😭 
#fml ! ! ! stuck in #traffic on 495 ! ! ! this sucks @ stuck in traffic URL 
mio is revolting . its like drinking kool aid without sugar > :( gross ! 
:-( rt USERNAME keisha about to get an all expense paid trip to muteville . 
ps , kellen davis is garbage . i miss greg olsen :( 
USERNAME promised she'd text me today , but she didn't :( (((( 
i swear i take pain relievers to ease my pain but they don't seem to work i think i over did myself in not taking any for 5 days :( 
yeah that ruined the night . my bears losing 😔 
the defense isn't the only thing that matters in a team . this offense needs to grow some balls . i'm disappointed bears . 😞 😩 
supper sick ... nose is stuffy/bleeding and can't sleep waste of a 4day weekend :( 
USERNAME i knew it was sum wrong wen she had stopped payin child support 😥 
USERNAME not me i have to pick up my friend 😔 
USERNAME i thought chad had like 985 😁 😔 but still impressive af 
come back :( rt USERNAME reported keisha . i ain't dealin with her no more . 
USERNAME well if there's not one by now , we're up s creek and somebody forgot to put the plug back in the boat . thats why they sink :( 
i accomplished absolutely nothing for school this weekend . 😔 this week is going to be hell . #thanksgivingwhereareyou 
facetime sesh is deff gonna make me feel better 😔 💕 fuck putting this laundry away rn . 
at work . doingg a whole bunch of nothing :( 
USERNAME when is . your birthday ? ! and i can't :( cause i'm going to USERNAME for my birthday ! ! 
wish i had tm off .. need that one extra day of rest to get better :( 
USERNAME no we don't ! ! sorry ! ! ! :-( 
USERNAME :( and never visit me u supposted to be my only friend 
ughh what do you do when you've fallen for your straight best friend ! ? :( #lesbianprobs 
ok don't cut your hair to short please 😳 😳 😳 😳 😳 😔 
USERNAME ahh ! well at least we have something ... my car rides wont be the same though 😦 
USERNAME haha the ending is just sad ! ! :'( 
' #confessionnight , i can't stand my ex , i wanna fuck her up , but if anything was to happen to her idk wat i would do :( 
USERNAME ninja bit me 😢 i hate your cat now .... 
houston texans 13 ;) ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! blue 6 ha ha lol blue you lost that game soo sad ................. :( 
USERNAME ive seen that too , so sad :c she girl that movie in real life if like retarded still lol lol ._. jk she has mem . loss . 
when the one person you want most , is off limits ... #foreveralone #fml 
i'm losing my voice :( i sound like a whoree . 
USERNAME :'( yea . iike , i don't like crying in front of my family , especially my dad , and when i read the text , i tried to hold it in , but- 
wish i can download david correys music ' have no damn internet at my house :/ i will continue to listen on youtube ! USERNAME 😔 😔 😥 
USERNAME the bears lost :( such a depressing day for a chicago sports fan ... thanks though dear ! ill try ! 
USERNAME haha that's my new name . i've earned it :( 
#confessionnight i always want something i cannot or should not have :( 
... but then again i'm probably just overreacting , still hurt though 😔 
USERNAME way to break up with me before we even started to go out 😒 ... 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 .... 😵 
i wish i woulda taken more pics with my grandpa .. that way i'd have more memories too look at .. 💔 
what the hell is wrong with him ? ? 😔 
i hate talking to dorian about college . it kinda depresses me that we're probably going to be at least twelve hours away from each other . 😔 😞 
fuck you ! ! ! ! this little bitch fell out of the freezer so i tried to save it by kicking it and forgot it was frozen 😭 URL 
it makes me so sad thinking my kids are growing up every sec of the day :( 😩 why does it have to go by so fast ? ! ! #momprobz #lifesway2short 😘 👫 
USERNAME i felt like shit or i woulda been there . i'm sorry :( 
USERNAME my #1 is tangled ! but my new favorite #2 is perks ! 😭 
USERNAME you're the second person to say this to me tonight ! :( i guess it might be :/ 
USERNAME i left my pillow in your dorm ... #sadtweet #enjoy 
USERNAME hailey ! you're pretty ! and i miss you too :( and USERNAME and USERNAME 
USERNAME i know ! but you live far away :( 
i'm literly under 4 covers , i'm freezing my butt off & my body hurts a lot :( ( 
i'd love to go to the doctor since i'm having problems swallowing and my throat is closing up , but i don't have health insurance . #fml 
USERNAME i just didnt say anything cause i didn't want to embarrass you :( ( 
USERNAME for real . if next weeks episode isn't better , i'm going to be so sad . :( 
when you lose one of your best friends to a new gf 😔 #sad #byebyefriendship 
USERNAME no ): probably bc it was the weekend . 
USERNAME miss you :( i'm cleaning you'd be proud . 
USERNAME oh my . we used to be so cute .... #whathappened 😞 
let me have your child i promise ill take care of him .. 😣 
USERNAME USERNAME mishuu ! i wish i were there with you . :( 
i wanna make her feel wanted but i think someone else is doing better :( 
couldn't say it better"USERNAME i dont feel awful tonigh t.t his d is one of the all time greats . lets get jay healthy and get to san fran 
#confessionnight the girl who made me fall in love with justin bieber is no longer a belieber ): USERNAME 
USERNAME every time i'm signin' in you're peacin' out . it's not meant to be anymore :( lol 
i keep getting the weirdest body cramps .. #ouch :( 
USERNAME if it makes you feel any better i tripped over one .. i was going through a tough time when it happened 😔 lol 
USERNAME i never go on it so i didn't care but that made me sad low key 😔 
USERNAME it really sucks . i just recently started having anxiety problems :( 
USERNAME i'm with ya paigey . waterworks are coming 😭 
USERNAME hahah i know what you mean ! im like oo i wanna buy that but i haven't gotten paid yet ! :( 
USERNAME i was joking garza . i was pretty heartbroken after u said no to me . 💔 
aw we were singing happy birthday to my nino's gf & instead of saying her name he said 😭 
idk what's up but i hope my doggie will be ok . she's been throwing up & nothing we do has been working :( 
they say communication saves relationships , yeah i can tell ... 💔 
USERNAME not really . but i hope u don't neither . i'll be sad to hear that you're getting sick . 😢 😟 
USERNAME i miss you to :( i'm two hours from you right now ! 
i hate watching the walking dead without USERNAME just as bad as i hate watching friends without USERNAME #sadtweet 
USERNAME i don't :( but your name is so familiar ! 
USERNAME too bad you can't drive and get me some 😢 oh well .. 
don't gimme that ): face i'm a sucker flexible that shit ! 
who needs ah ❤ when ah ❤ can be broken 💔 
USERNAME so am i ! even if i had to come through the pouring rain 😉 💦 i totally forgot to watch the notebook ! ! 😥 
this meeting about moms 1 year makes me wanna cry </3 especially cause we had no say in it /: miss you mom ! #veramrobert #ril #030473 #01112 
:( rt USERNAME USERNAME dont ask for help in 5th pd tomorrow ! 
💔 😢 (with USERNAME at ober gatlinburg tram station) [pic] — URL 
going straight to best buy tomorrow and getting another screen protecter since mine messed up . i need to protect my baby 😔 
USERNAME uhm no . i texted you the other day . i'm working 60 hours a week right now or we'd hang out . :( 
best game ! ! ! ! ! worst time :'( especially with someone who keeps bringing you down :'( 
USERNAME aww :( i just died inside ! what you doing tomorrow ? 
with all this coughing and sniffling going on in the room i won't be sleeping :( 
well i guess im stayin in tonight , not feelin good :-( 
USERNAME me either .. it's heartbreaking . makes me feel like i don't have anything left of him .. 💔 
i try everyday to impress him💗 😊 he just never notices me 😔 💔 #hopehewillcomearound 
i'm gonna be sad when i watch all the episodes of the league on netflix :( 
USERNAME holy sheet . i'm so sorry girl ! ): i wish you a quick and healthy recovery ! 
USERNAME aw i'm sorry :( i'm excited to see you next weekend though ! 
the note book is seriously the saddest movie and its so good :'( 😪 
#confessionnight i talk about drinking a hell a lot more then i actually do drink 😔 
USERNAME noo ! ! ! macklemore is getting around :( 
USERNAME USERNAME that honey oil made me paranoid & shit 😁 😨 😢 
just realized i can't leave my door open when i use the bathroom when my brother is home 😞 😒 #roughlife 
i know . 😔 rt USERNAME i could not go to howard with that tuition . fuck all that . 
thinking about a lot of things right now , it makes me wanna cry but not because i'm sad .. because i'm so incredibly happy . 😢 of joy ! 
USERNAME bro ): uff you know how many times i've repeated this . 
why everyone laid up in this house like it ain't cold 😧 bitches , i'm freezing ! ❄ 
USERNAME sorry i can't go :( there's too much shit going on . miss you love you . hope you have fun . 
my boyfriend won't take me to see twilight . 😞 
USERNAME don't remind me .... :( ugh ! i hate first hour more than any class .... #fmll 
i wish i had someone i could talk too 😔 
#confessionnight i'm not doing as well this semester as my previous ones 😔 
the most attractive girl ever just retweeted my tweet ! why the fuck dont you follow me though ? :( #sadtweet 
i just dont understand why my company has to work tomorrow while half of america will enjoy a day off :( ( uhh .. 
i wanna gather all my friends and just hangout . but some people don't seem to get along with eachother #sadtweet 
USERNAME i bet you cry like a little baby don't even lie .... you➡ 😕 😟 😢 😪😫 😭 💔 i can picture it already 
USERNAME so fuckin true ! ! ! ! ! i'm at 18% right now :( 
USERNAME good ! ! and im okay ! just bored and a little frustrated ... :( 
USERNAME gabriellee ! we haven't talked in like forevz :( 
llegamos ! ! ! se acabaron las vacaciones :( (@ baltimore / washington international thurgood marshall airport (bwi)) URL 
fallin for the right person is the hard part 😒 💔 🙏 
wish i could hug my mommy goodnight :( really miss her ! #2moreweeks ! 
grr . can my hair look like it did in my picture ? :c 
not looking forward to this drive home tomorrow night #fml #collegehoopproblems URL 
USERNAME at least once i have blops2 in my hands , i won't have to think about how #foreveralone i am . 😔 
USERNAME umm our best friendship didn't last long :( as you can see i wish i had a best friend . #lonelybitch 
USERNAME you sound like drug junkie -.- lol get on it for me :( 
my back hurt :( ( it need to be cracked . 
USERNAME lol shooting for an a but really getting a d . it's okay i got home like 15 min ago :( set up your iphone i just downloaded snapchat 
my first sailing adventure . literally the only i was able to take before my phone died :( @ harlan lake URL 
#confenssionnight the way i've been hurt by you hasn't stopped running through my mind 😔 
USERNAME i was gonna facetime u cause i'm bored 😔 
cod game has been so off lately ... and idk why ! #sadtweet 
that one stupid song .. just has to bring back everything ! 😢 
jealous that my sisters get to go see USERNAME at treasure island & i cant :( #iwishiwas18 .... 
too bad he falls asleep on me every single night 😔 #sleepybaby 
USERNAME i love you nathan ! ! ! ): </3 
USERNAME wahh fml :( why mee ! i feel like his friend josh is lying to me though about what nick says . 
i miss my bf so much 😕 👎👫 ❤ #sadtweet 
but i don't have dre beats , and it wouldn't look the same 😞 
i don't know how to take sensors off , so my manager told me he's gonna make me take sensors off 50 pairs of jeans so i know #fml 
i need more USERNAME in my life . please come home to me boo . :( 
i guess i wanna understand more than possible ... #confused 😔 
USERNAME never okay . i would say come over but i'm at dads in bed :( 
shme shme shme shma shmoo :( stop confusing me ! ! :( ((( 
wish i was sleeping smh 7 am will come wayy too soon :( #backtonj 
USERNAME i cant even answer the phone just text me :( 
my birthday is going to suck again this year :( i have horrible timing an luck #why ! 
in less than 20 minutes the walking dead will come on , time to prep for this episode last time i was left in tears & shock v.v 
mad kz oomf want txt me back .... 😔 😔 
USERNAME wait , what do you mean santas not real ? 😦 😧 😢 😭 😭 #childhoodruined 😉 
i'm going to be up all night doing laundry :( 
none of my best friends answered their phone . 😢 🔫 
USERNAME i know ! :( ( i'm sorry sissy :( 
USERNAME i have tweeted you like 628283 times telling you i followed him and now you're not gonna follow me :( 
USERNAME USERNAME but why , we were such a sexxy shape ? :'( fine . 
i didn't mean to jerren ..... )) ): it was on my trends 
bein without u aint livin at all 😒 💔 🙏 
USERNAME hey sorry i couldn't make it today and forgot to tell u , because of procrastination i have to submit online hw by today :( 
USERNAME oh no way <3 and what ? ! i texted you :( 
USERNAME my favorites too ! ! ! ! ! ! she's still there but i not 😭 
i forgot to make my 11:11 wish on 11/11 😔 #megasadface 
i miss being able to see USERNAME and USERNAME whenever i wanted and being able to just go there and talk to them about my problems 😔 
USERNAME you could ... go find a husband in skyrim ! 😭 my wife lives in riverwood ! 
USERNAME lol she'll buy you a car because she loves you more 😭 
i hate wen im exspectn a txt frm sum1 n da wrng person txt me :( #sadmoment 
when someones shouts watch out thinking ur gonna hit a tree branch but reality is im too short #shortgirlproblems 😔 
so not ready for this cold weather #horrible ❄⛄🌀 😞 👎 
USERNAME i always wonder if you see my tweets . #loveme 😥 
USERNAME i did and i still haven't gotten a follow from you :( 
USERNAME tuesday needs to come a little faster cause i miss your face . im jealous USERNAME got to see you today and not me :( 
USERNAME my sisters&i grew up w/g . shep , pit , basset hnd . theg . shep . was the smartes t.t he basset , the sweetes t.t he pit , the smartestandsweetest . 
worst way to find out you have a cut ? hand sanitier<<<<<<<<<<<<<< this ish burn like a mother ! :( 
one of those nights when all i want to do is talk to you , but 3 months of unanswered texts and calls is a sign that won't happen #sadtweet 
USERNAME i know right 😔 we always work at different times of the day .. 
2000th tweet goes to USERNAME he's been my best friend for the weekend . he needs to come visit me ! ! miss him :( #loveyalikeabrother 
#confessionnight i hate seeing all these confessions down my tl 😔 🔫 
sweet friends ! i almost cried a few minutes ago ! see you all soon ... i hope 😢 m @ jacksonville fair grounds URL 
i looked forward to watching this all day and it won't work 😔 
USERNAME i miss you so much ! 💔 it feels like i haven't seen you in like forever ! 
its not real life how much i'm tossing and turning .. i just wana nani 😔 #tapeseyesclosed 
my throat hurts so bad i can't eat or drink ! :( but my cravings are on 100 ! ! #fml 
damn . guise my future boss petrias got fired :( 
USERNAME :( ... we was cute together even w the arguments and shit -,- .. & i wish ! he dont even text me back .. :/ 
wish i knew what to do with my life :( ((((( 
great . . . couples song & im single :( i wish he was here /= 
the fact i have to get my wisdom teeth cut out this weekend <<<< 😔 
not driving to school for the first time all year </3 :( 
about damn time you figured this out 🕚 tiktok ✋👉 😭 . females these days 
i have decided that i give up on love and that i'm gonna be forever alone and be a cat lady 🐱🐱🐱🐱 😢 
USERNAME don't say that ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME because i wanna be there and not in the land of crap and cheese 😭 p . s . i love you 
u can have all material things jus give me my baby 💔 😒 🙏 
USERNAME :( i don't wanna go to school tomorrow . i wish i could drive so then we could just wake up and go sleep on the beach 
why would she do that do me 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 #betrayed 
losing the ones you care about most ... 😰 💔 #fuck 
USERNAME please don't :( i sent you hat picture in faith :( please don't ... okay baby ? 
to my oversaved followers . #confessionnight i listen to secular music ...... don't stone me :( 
this man is lying ! he so just asked how i was doing .... #fml 
waiting on kennedy to get home and call me so i can pour my lil heart out :'( 
USERNAME 1. i owe USERNAME sushi . i said i'd get it for you too cuz i'm a good boyfriend . 2. thanks for not making my 8hr layover less :( 
USERNAME wahh 😢 yeah i know it's okay we are strong we are pretty . someone perfect will find us 
i'm never going to get you to understand 😔 😢 
USERNAME i have tweeted you like 627337 times telling you i followed him and you probably won't even follow me back :( 
how was i supposed to know she was slowing letting go . how was i supposed to see , she never cried in front of me 💔 
you don't know what you have until it's gone 😭 
i didn't even like the last three girls i've kissed :( i just wanna find da one 4 me 
#confessionnight i worry to much about what other people think/say 😔 
USERNAME you mad bro ;) dude i miss your stupid selff 😢 
i really wish i was with you rightt now . i could really use some laughs right now best frann :( ( USERNAME 
something is kicking my allergies butt today ! i have sneezed so much and my voice is gone 😢 
i'm just scared .. i don't want my next doing the same as my ex .. going after my friends 😔 . . . 
USERNAME USERNAME but i'm more than 15 minutes away 😣 
USERNAME so sad ima go cry she doesn't love me :( * USERNAME lol 
USERNAME you're so lucky ... you get him back soon enough . mines gone forever . #ouch #badnight :'( 
USERNAME i want to rewatch i have no shows :( 
what to do for the next 2 1/2 hours 😞 
#confenssionnight i don't want you to leave today . :( i never do . 
i fucking miss USERNAME i haven't seen that bitch in weeks now 😢 
so , server crashed , no backup because it crashed due to the backup software being installed ! USERNAME :-( 
going to sf before i leave to see my best friend & her girlfriend .. miss them 😥 
USERNAME awk , you did . i'm terrible :( haha 
USERNAME :( so that's a no to the window ? 
steff isn't subtweeting me anymore . fuck you too 😞 😔 😭 
USERNAME i did and you still won't follow me :( i hate my life right now 
): does she really love me or is this a dream 
#confessionnight people have more confidence in me than i have in myself :( 
USERNAME my internet is down and my iphone makes ordering stuff so difficult 😿 😢 #wowcableproblems 
USERNAME it's not laundry it's hanging up ! please :( 
i sound like a total bitch but the notebook makes me ball my eyes out every time #perfectlove 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 
just watched kill list . the most shocking film i ever saw ... :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME you're listening to the sound of my breaking heart . #crack #shatter #death :'( <\3 
USERNAME i didn't even get an invite ! :( lol i see how it is shelby ! 
i wish i felt wanted or something . but i dont . 😔 
USERNAME were driving back right now . 😔 😔 😔 😒 😒 😑 😑 ⛄❄ 
oh nvm . he's taking out the garbage .... ): 
being single is so depressing when you're grounded and not allowed to go out :( 
im sorry i didnt choose this my dad didnt want to wear a rubber its not my fault :( 
tomorrow is going to consist of all the homework i was supposed to do throughout this weekend cramped into one day #killmenow #nofun 😞 
not sure if my body hurts more from my wipe out or being on the back of a motorcycle drunk . i'm ready for bed . long weekend , busy week ahead 😔 
USERNAME my roommate and i are about to head to 14th and 4th or i would ! :( 
i'm dead . why can no decent new artists be from america ? except del rey . :( URL 
thought we were gonna go to jack in the box ): 
USERNAME class :( lol i don't get done until 5ish . 
the ants ate my cereal 😭 😫 the world really is gonna end 
USERNAME probably because i left . so sorry ... :( 
so my dad's gonna get my sister a flat screen for her room , but won't buy me a imac desktop ... :( 
USERNAME i live all the way out in pa ! :( someday ! 
USERNAME agghh you don't miss me ? ): ighht i got chu 🔫 
USERNAME i'm over data :( my cycle begins tomorrow ? fo shoo and we can do it with eve . 
i tell justin that i love him and all he says back is , 😭 
anyone want to donate a time machine for me and USERNAME so we can go back to saturday ? :( #edcwithdraws 
USERNAME that's bull ! if you have i haven't gotten them :( 
i miss my cousin poody so much ! i love his letters and email but it's not that same as hearing him give me advice and stuff :( 
USERNAME its the baby rachett inside me , i be tryna tell her to leave me alone 😔 
USERNAME are we all fooled by this . no t.t hey stole elected donation money or they are really stupid . unethical lying bastards that totally ? 
this right here will be the death of me :( 
my mouse for my computer died so now i have to use the keyboard mouse :( 
#confessionnight i miss my p . e . family 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 
every girl , but the girl i want tryna get with me & i fucking hate it ! ! > :( 
i need someone to take care of me tomorrow #myboyfriendisntanymore ): 
#confessionnight its been awhile getting this feeling back , now i remember how it feels to miss someone when your in a relationship :( 
i'm tired of stressing over school . i need a change . #desperate 😔 
why should i sweep a girl off bee feet ? i want a fairytale too 😣 
USERNAME lol i got the axe too . #sadday #idontevenknowyou 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wait whatt you have glee .. so no ice skating ? :( (( 
#confessionnight i miss my sister chelsea fitch . 👎 😢 
hate being sleepless ! now im going to be up all night 😣 
USERNAME - just went on this cruise & that bar is broken :( 
i don't know what's going on don't show love nomoe :'( 
USERNAME i have to stay through the year because its a convention year :( 
i'm so sad and i hope you don't have it . please go to the doctors .. :( 
USERNAME oh wow , thanks for the follow weirdo . i miss you :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME they make you wear those nerdy shoes :( 
USERNAME retweet me but don't answer my texts 😢 💔 
#confessionnight i cried when my dogs ran away 5 years ago :'( USERNAME USERNAME 
i really miss my boo :( i wus with him yesturday . hes madee my day/night ♥ ♥ i cant wait to see him again . iloveyoubabe ! ♥ ♥ 
USERNAME stay on him ! ! he's too busy for his momma . :-( never too cold for a fire ! #smores ! 
why should i sweep a girl off her feet ? i want a fairytale too 😣 
kinda bummed to find out breaking amish was mostly ! i really liked that show👎 😔 
USERNAME i already bought my ticket ! ! 😢 all week though get ready ! 
USERNAME USERNAME ana , karent can't be that awful right amiga ? she's so singled out in the show and is a good friend to lisa ! 😔 
my night just went from awesome to shitty 😢 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME :( (( hope it was amazing though ! ! was kyra there ? ? 
#confessionnight i wish i was snuggled up wit USERNAME #ihatesleepinalone :( 
i'm not kidding guys . like a comfortable hoodie ._. anyone :( 
omg those turnovers :( bears playing like the cowboys . 
#confessionnight i think im pretty lame and have no friends sometimes .. 😔 
why did i drive this way_ lincoln park will always have a hold on me :'( =tojc 
i haven't talked to jarron in a few weeks ): hope he's doing well . #ndnation 
USERNAME i texted you ! ! ! no reply ! :( #youdontloveme lol 
USERNAME hasn't posted any pictures of hot guys lately :( 
USERNAME thank you , i try . but i dont know if i can accept your apology , you kind of broke my heart ... #confessionnight :( 
#confessionnight i was 10 when i hit my first blunt 😒 😒 😔 😔 smfh 
i miss my fiancé so much 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 USERNAME 
USERNAME can't even get a text or what ! )))) ): 
when you're really in love & yu get hurt , it's like the worst pain even 😔 
iphone with no case is like android with no emojis ... ! ! ! :( psych but naw imma bye me one probably tomorrow sense no one else will 
when i said i love you yeah i fucking meant it 😣 
i missed USERNAME call :( i'm sorry i was watching a movie with the fam 
USERNAME sorry i never could open your card ... :( ( 
#confessionnight i get real sweaty , nervous in my ms . johnson when i have to read because i know i will stutter 😔 👽 
my mom is purposely eating my halloween candy in front of me because she thinks i'm going to crack and eat it but i have self control 😞 😒 
USERNAME lucky ! i have until december 11th then can't go home until the 18th :( 
i never know what i wanna do for my birthday :( 
USERNAME what about your gorgeous house in lake hills though ? :( 
can USERNAME record the notebook for me cuz my dad is making me cancel my recordings :'( 
he lives legit on the other legit of the fucking border :( that saddens me . 
when you're really in love & yu get hurt , it's like the worst pain ever 😔 
USERNAME i'm really in my feelings that i couldn't be in my #skatezone tonight ... ughh :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME y'all went to shake sunday without me & USERNAME 😢 
USERNAME that's not nice of you to say . :( 
now i straight up have no one . wow .. #sadtweet 
just gonna sit here & feel like this tonight then get my sh*t together 😔 
USERNAME gahh same ! when she reads the email and he says 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME :( how do we live in the same town and like 3 min away and we don't hangout 
USERNAME is someone a booty hurt bears fan ? 😔 
#conefessionnight i regret what i did at home coming to #oomf because now we don't talk ion like that :( ( 
USERNAME dude youre killing me :( i cant do this shit alone haha 
push ups are like the hardest thing ever #imsoweak 😢 
USERNAME it used to be i didn't know anyone with cancer . in the past year i lost 3 people close to me 😞 #fuckcancer 
i miss my mommy already 😢 😢 love her ❤ ❤ 
USERNAME she said she doesn't know .. it's a close one 😦 
gotta love being the last one in the library .... 😣 
me , kasey , and ashley were about to cry ): 
she doesn't anymore and it makes me quite a sad child ! 😞 
you're a cute girl with a boy's name . #buzzkill ): 
when you wanna tell him your done ! and walk away ... </3 
aww i'm rewatching the sad parts from last week's episode of #thewalkingdead :( 
i miss USERNAME i haven't seen her in like a year . 😭 😢 😥 😪 ❤ #oldercousin . 
USERNAME nope , no transfer ! :( also , i won't be home saturday . boo ! i really want to see USERNAME too 
okay . going to sleep . *sigh* . i miss USERNAME so , so much . :( 
it's one of those nights when i am so scared of the dark ... either getting no sleep or kidnapped ... 😱 😰 😩😫 😢 
USERNAME rightt :( dm me ! what time is your game tuesday ? 
sometimes i feel like no one cares that i have feelings #upset #hurt 😢 
#theawkwardmoment when you wanted to go to sleep at 10 and are still awake #exhausted 😞 😣 
well today was a bad day . my miami heat lost and miami dolphins :( . i still love my team tho . let's go 
USERNAME hahah i do that every time . those moments suck 😔 
USERNAME lol ik that show is awesome but i was driving back to norfolk #fml 
this sucks :c noticing prince royce comes when i have assigned the teen living baby omgg ima have to break it ! fvxk it t-.-tt #plansruined 
i don't want to go i want to stay here :( 
there are certain people who aren't meant to fit into your life no matter how much you want them to . 😔 
sick as hell but i still have to work tomorrow .... :( 
USERNAME ): you sadden me . it upset me a little . 
i wish the days were longer ... so i’d have more time to do nothing . :c 
how can one person make you so happy and then so sad at the same time .. 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you put these fags above me 😢 
ahh i just hit my arm against my knee 😭 😫 #hurts 
hate feeling sick ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i can't take an meds cuz it will get my little girl :( ... gotta suck it up for her ... 
imember when it was valentines day and i would be like ew its valentines day how gross 😒 ... but that was because iwas single 😔 .. 
USERNAME :( .... i thought u would have a curve or a touch ! 
i really hate the holidays without my momm ): it's never the same .... like i don't think it ever will be .. 💔 
i'm not happy bout leaving some people behind when i go to d . c . 😔 
this is what happens when you put your sip-a-bowl on a hot burner :( @ da hizouse URL 
i'm so bored . no one is talkin to me . guess i'm a loser , smh :-( 
learned my lesson never will happen again 😔 🔫 #fml 
why'd you have to call me 😞 😔 i was doing fine without you ... 
being sick sucks . esp when my mommy is the only person than can make me feel better ... 😷 😢 #iwannagohome 
the bottom foot itches but if i scratch it , it's ganna tickle #fml 
#confessionnight i sometimes cry when i realize i'm going to die like what's the purpose of life then if your just going to die . 😢 
USERNAME so have i ! ugh i've been so busy it sucks 😔 😒 😞 
USERNAME she'll have my grandma do that 😭 😭 #todayisntmyday 
USERNAME hahahahahaha ugh i was hoping no one would notice :( ( 
USERNAME we aren't matching blondies anymore :( ( i dyed my hair light brown :o don't be mad . 
im freaking tired but i still got homework to finish , smh ugh 😡 😔 😒 👎👊 
#confessionnight everytime someone asks me for a slip or a bite , i just give it to them cuz i feel bad if i say no , but i want it 😔 #germaphobe 
sucks when your significant other is feeling down and you can't be there to help them 😔 #longdistancesucks #helpless 
going to sleep 💤an still my phone don't any text from you 😔 ! well good night world 🌐& god bless🙏 ! ✌ 
#heyyobilltellmewhy you never let us see your rock collection ? ): 
i try so hard to forget about you , but i can't escape you . my dreams , memories , and thoughts are haunted by you . please , leave me be ! 😔 😞 
all i want to do is sleep , but i cant . :( #messedupsleepingschedual 
USERNAME yay ! ! see ya tomorrow ! ! but i have to leave early .. :( 
lost my absolute favorite percussion black slacks </3 :( a shopping trip is in order . 
apparently USERNAME doesn't consider me a friend . #k . 😢 
USERNAME i'm not even going omg 😭 😭 😥 😭 😥 😥 😥 😪😪😩😩 😨 😫 😓 😓 😓 😨 😨 
scared of storms and it's freaking storming out right now ... 😥 ☔⚡ #cool #nosleep #freakingout 
USERNAME .... only if you don't ditch me to go on a date with your boyfriend this time </3 
USERNAME USERNAME yall are both gonna get me emotional :'( that's my movie lol #nohomo 
USERNAME kennel cough turned into doggy flu :( .... our carpet is destroyed 
confession night ; im a sensitive person and my feelings get hurt easy ): 
omg wife i feel like we legit go through the same stuff :-( 
USERNAME i miss you a lot :( i miss hanging out . isai finally said to hang out and go to portland with olives , the end of the month . 
USERNAME but it hurts my feelings . :( lol jk it is funny 
#confessionnight all i want is to be treated like a princess ... 😞 😕 
anyone wanna paint my nails ? 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
stomach ache uhg ... that throw up feeling not so good .... :( 
i wish i knew how to roll a wood 😒 😔 
leah and corey's relationships is so heartbreaking to watch :( 
USERNAME i know 😒 😔 poor thing ! but i'm guna try everything i can to see her it's been years & i miss my sister #determined 
i wish i wasn't so stubborn , and i wish i was more strong willed . i wouldn't be so pathetic 😞 
USERNAME i was talking about my dog . but he's not here 😔 
i need someone to pinch when it's scary 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME ginger has them too . her skin turns all red and she itches and licks all night . :( 
i am quite sad that the weekend is coming to an end :( 
USERNAME USERNAME how does it go from nice 60 degree weather to snow ? ! ? ! ? ! :( 
why are my friends never around when i need them ? 😔 😔 
USERNAME still nothing ... hahaha .... thanks for waking me up :'( 
i totally forgot about walking dead tonight wtf ! ! 😦 
USERNAME USERNAME ahh :( always get me excited for nothing :/ 
hot chocolate , netflix , and no one to cuddle with . :( 
i really just want it to go back to how it use to be with all of my friends </3 
USERNAME you were holding on to that pole for dear life ! ! ! :( (( 
lets not wait til the water runs dry 😒 💔 🙏 
miss this precious little face </3 #puppy #marley #beebee URL 
USERNAME but i thought you ❤ 'd me ? 😦 😔 
#honesthour it still fucks me up that my childhood bestfriend and my great grandma both died in the same month and same year :( 
smoking on an empty stomach makes me wanna puke . smoking with a full stomach gives me a migraine . :( i never win :/ #blah 
USERNAME too bad were not having a secret santa this year ! ! :( 
why can't i sleep ! ! ! ! :( #sotired #needlongerweekend 
USERNAME yeah , i need to start buying cats ! lol amma be a loner :c #sad 
& i have to be at school early tomorrow ): 
USERNAME i hope your broken heart mends and you start in a new record because i already miss hearing you sing #sadtweet 
#confessionnight i'm going through a lot of shit and it's really stressing me out 😣 
hurt pretty much ! ! ! 😔 😔 😔 #lifegoes holler twitter ✌ 
can't believe this hangover is still kickin my ass ! 😭 
USERNAME haha ok 😢 you don't have to yell tiff 😱 😱 😱 
USERNAME yo también le tengo miedo a los lunes :( 
USERNAME oh that sucks ! ! i'm sorry :( #beaniehair 
the smallest things people say always tend to hurt the most . :( 
fuck there's nothing to doo :( fuck my lifee ! ! ! -_- 
USERNAME i will , he doing good expect he got attacked by a older guy that tried to rob him 😔 😡 
my latest four followers on tumblr are naked ladies with big boobs :-( 
i feel so distant from every one in this town . 😞 #confessionnight 
knowing there's nothing in my fridge for breakfast tomorrow #depressing i guess i'll just have cake 
#confessionnight i've only had like 3 real girlfriends in my whole life 😧 
my scalp is fucken burning 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 
what the fuck did i do to my back , its still sore as hell :( 
i'm so tempted to do hookah . but no shisha ... :/ #sadtweet 
my last night of vacation in jersey i'm going to miss everyone especially USERNAME and sharing a room with her 😥 the rest ill see in 3weeks 
my mom has been trying to get me to eat my khoresh karafs all night but i don't have the heart to tell her i already ate subway 😣 
well this #sunday was a disappoint for my team :( hard being a #bears fan with games like today . 
USERNAME okay what do you want 😊 & me too omfg ))) ): 
USERNAME dude , i'm so sorry ! i don't forget about yours on purpose ! the only time i see your tweets is when you share them on facebook :( 
when USERNAME is mad at me 😢 😕 😞 😩 
#confessionsnight i'm secretly a big nerd .. straight a's , read every harry potter book & own the movies , i like star wars & science 😔 📚📐✏ 
USERNAME wait soo ... u can walk theree but my house is too far for u to walk too ? ! ! ? :( i'm hurt . lol & im not doing anything 
that depressing moment when only 53 minutes of your show got recorded .... #noo 😭 
USERNAME i put my phon right next to me when i sleep so i hear my alarm in the morning . and i felt it :( 
time will bring the real end of our trial 💔 😒 🙏 
USERNAME omg i haven't started 😢 😭 and i'm still revising the damn madonna one 
USERNAME just reply to me so i can go back to my homework already :( 
USERNAME not if you you don't mean it . :( 
i feel like i'm in 4th grade . i can't leave my house 😔 
USERNAME is actually laying in her bed 😧 😱 😨 what is happening ? ! ! 
ur face would b the reason i smile 😊 💔 🙏 
#confessionnight i can't seem to get over you . you're the only person i can see myself spending my life with ... but you're gone forever . 😞 
knowing i have to walk to school tomorrow is a huge disappointment . #sadtweet 
going to try to recoup lost sleep from last night :( noisy neighbors are wonderful 
wrists are slit . soul is dead . heart is ripped out . do you like what you did to me ? 💔 
USERNAME vic why you have no extra tickets for tomorrow ? i really wish i had a ticket . :[ 
USERNAME what about coffee waves ? i miss austin for their amazing lil cafes 😔 
USERNAME girl i go to wack ahh legacy high school n wack mansfield . ! :/ :( 
i've been fearing the rebuilding stage for a long time , but i think it's time to face the music #eagles fans . :( 
when someone says they're outside your house and they're not :( #supersubtweet 
i anit use to sleeping by myself or being at home im use to being ova wilton house everynight :( i miss my buddy ole pal 
why ? why ? why ? why ? why ? why ? why ? why ? why ? why ? why me ? 😢 😔 
just found out a distant best friend of mine has cancer <<<< 😣 😢 😰 
#confessionnight one time USERNAME made me pee my pants from laughing so hard #embarrassing 😔 
shaun called me noona last night because i told him my whole body hurts from the concert . he goes that's cuz you're old ... noona . 😭 😭 👊👊💢💀 
my computer is not working and not and its not letting me get trilogy on my phone ! ! ! ))))))) ): 
USERNAME 😔 come back , i miss you too 💔 🐣🐥 
fixing ahchyaale's play pin , taking out the baby level . wahh .. why does he have to grow soo fast ! ? 😫 😭 😫 😭 😫 😭 😫 😭 😫 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME thanks brother ! ! ! patiently waiting on my #temporaryeskimo lol 😒 😞 😔 😖 😭 
USERNAME ha yeah . but now i'm feeling extra broke 😔 😢 😭 
USERNAME i miss yu bein home babee come backk ! ): 
#confessionnight :: when i was younger i used to try to kill myself .. 😞 
USERNAME i would love to help you with booth stuffs , but i live in stl :( . 
the worst thing to hear is when people ask me why i turned down my radiology program 😒 😥 😭 #ruinsmyday 
omg this is such a sad part 😩 😢 😭 
when you don't have sheets on your bed but you're so ready for bed<<<< 😥 
USERNAME hell yea oowee we got a serious convo we need to discuss i'm confused 😞 
poor peyton </3 good thing we know how to fix her <3 #felloffthetrampoline #lol #brokenback #concussion URL 
damn . here i go again fucking things up .. it never fails . i swear 😔 #downhill #bummed #shouldhaveknown #stupid 
i hate texas weather , my asthma kicks in bad 😔 
i'm literally too the point of tears , not to mention the fact that he just had twins . 😣 
USERNAME what happened to the good ol' days ? :( 
i was in bed ready to pass out at 9. it's now midnight and i'm not sleepy . grr . 😞 
i reaally wish rigby would follow me :'( #dreams USERNAME 
broncos d does so well for having horrible matchups to tightens :'( 
my boyfriend needs to come homee . i miss him :( 
USERNAME pero a mi no me vienes a visitar verdad giraffe :( ojalá ya no te vuelva a crecer tu melena 😭 
USERNAME haha that's probably a good thing ! they're 4-6 :( 
when its dark and a scary movie comes on and you can't find the remote to change the channel plus your comfortable in bed ... #fml #wahh 
USERNAME aww </3 . i just tweet watched you lmfao . 
waking up at 630 like bloww me . i need sleep 😩💀 😔 
goodnight everybody ! ! i guess my baby fell , asleep on me ! :( ( but he'll wake up too my goodnight text . lol ! ♥ ♡ 
if only i had the motivation to do this paper :( i'm ready for thanksgiving break ! 
USERNAME lmfaoo same heree man i wish it was on :( 
stupid king george killed gus gus ! ! ! ! poor gus ! ! red please let david kill him . he burned the fairy dust :( #onceaupontime USERNAME 
it's so hard to sleep with a stuffy nose 😞 
i really want to play catch right now #withdrawls ): 
… it’s gonna be one of those nights , isn’t it… ? 😣 
i miss when zayn would tweet the most random 'tweeds' or his deep quotes :( 
USERNAME gotta go to sleep now :( wah . i wanna skip school 😫 ha 
USERNAME bad news i cant go to the show i work till 11 that night :( 
dear USERNAME we need to hang out more except not at dunkin this time . no one hangs out with me :( 
romantic movies are not for me . i cry every time . i need a cute boyfriend 👍👍 😢 😘 
guess who isn't getting any sleep tonight . me #fml 
USERNAME i totaled my car on the way home from mayday last weekend so i couldn't go :( 
god i miss teddy and devon 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME f u my salvadorian brother . i hate u . they haven't call me yet . 💔 😱 😢 
USERNAME i miss you so much man 😩😫😫😫😩 😭 😭 
i'm so tired , but i can't sleep 😔 #sostressed 
USERNAME :( lol everytime you say that it makes me sad . caps are so chill 
USERNAME i miss you soo muchh 😭 😭 this weekend ! ! ! 
really don't wanna go to work in 3 hours . 😞 
USERNAME i miss y'all too ! are you working this weekend ? i'm coming home for the weekend on friday ! that sucks :( 
USERNAME USERNAME but you don't talk to me anymore :( 
my roomate lost the password to the wifi , lets live life in tha stone age tonight ! #fml 
i'm literally dying of boredom and no one is texting me 😣 
USERNAME ay q shit lol pues good night ;* poor u :( <3 
USERNAME easy mac & oodles of noodles have been my meals since thursday 😔 😭 
why are all of my clothes shrinking after i'm doing the laundry :( 
lets be honest here i think i'm holding a grudge & that convo i had today reminded me of everything . :( #nothelping 
i hate being sick ! ! ! 😔 😣 😞 
congrats to USERNAME for passing twerk academy with flying colors #twerkteam #ifyouonlyknew 💯✔ 😭 🙏 
USERNAME haha i guess ! :( your pretty good & idk i was trying to find your username before to send u one ! :( lol 
i wish my bestfriend could have came down this weekend :( 
wtf :( fuckin a ! i don't have that channel 
omg USERNAME and i want our beds :( this traffic 😡 😩 😭 
all it takes is one fleeting glimpse of one photo you didn't realize you still had on your computer , and it makes you question everything :( 
i really need to never smoke again . my lungs are gunna be hurtin for days now #fml 
wit all these people i qqot in my life and i still somehow feel alone ... cuz none of them are yuhh </3 
just tried to be conservative of my dads dating life . i was told to go my ass to bef that i wad to drunkx to be talkin to abybofy ! #wtf 😞 
#confessionnight syfy movies are my guilty pleasure .. #nerdtweet 😔 
so busy i can't even check my twitter . 😞 😒 
#randomchelseanicollefacts people always say i sound and mimic the way i talk . 😔 
my directv receiver is corrupt . no tv for me tonight 😞 
i'm definitely screwed for that test ! yupp ! #fml 
my finger hurts bad :( i hate whom ever broke the glass and ruined my feet and made this happen ! URL 
USERNAME yes you do . all the time . and i lose track of what i'm doing because i can't focus long enough to think . ahh 😣 
rolling in fucking pain ! fuck my legs maan :'( 
USERNAME back when your last 5 never went to weed more likely on like 20 rounds of centipede 😦 
#confessionnight i don't think ill ever get over the fact that my dads no longer here #missyou #rip #loveyou </3 
can't seem to find the strength to leave :( but also don't feel like travelling over the malahat too late as well . #crappiestfeelingever :( 
when you try to explain to someone how you feel and all they can do is talk bout themselves 👎😤 😢 
i think i broke my toe 😥 👎 #ouchy #clutz #handicapped 
my roomate lost the password for the wifi , lets live life in the stone age tonight ! #fml 
i don't understand why people think its okay to treat people like crap and mess with feelings 😔 
i miss getting $900.00 checks every other friday 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😣 #collegegirlprobs #imissmyjob 
USERNAME lucky ! ! ! i wish i could eat it weekly 😔 
#confessionnight i've seriously thought about running awayn i had the whole thing planned . $1000's of dollars . clothes . my bike . #depressed 
USERNAME i know :( i already fixed it on facebook ! #epicfail #badroommate 
i want you ! just you , but you're not here ): 
just completely down right now .. i just .. ugh :'( ? 
USERNAME yes please ! ! ! :( i miss you too ! i need you in my life asap 
#confessingnight idont have a girl bestfreend cause mines died 6days after my bday lastyear :( i 
USERNAME ryan gosling has been in austin for the longest time filming a movie and everyone has seen him but me :( why does life hate me .. 
USERNAME i know ! it's weird without you and franny ! :( 
USERNAME lol we had that convo like a year ago too . i gota admit u were right :( 
USERNAME hahaha fuck you ! not even me this time ! i'm laying in my bed all alone ! :( #sadday 
why am i still up tho ? ? ? 😔 gotta get back to my old sleep schedule for when i start work ! 
USERNAME not fairr :( i want a turn . hmph . 
USERNAME lol .. now i have to get out of my comfy bed and go all the way to the basement :( and i have to take the freakin stairs 
USERNAME must me hard for you , it sure is for me: no love for me :'( 
USERNAME i wish i loved track and was actually decent at it ! :( lol #notforme 
this is getting out of hand . i need to hurry up and get my new phone so i can text normally again . :( 
#confessions i really do not want to go to class today #fml 
USERNAME 😳 sorry ! i'm trying to go to sleep but then i think of stupid shit i wanna tweet #forgiveme ! 😫 😭 
baby u were not the blame at all 😒 💔 🙏 
we're in so deep can't think about giving it up .. 💔 
USERNAME don't forget to give my my dvds back before you leave forever ! 💿📀 😢 
well baby when we're good you know we're great , but there's too much bad for us to think that there's anything worth trying to save . 💔 
USERNAME hala ngayon ka lang humingi ? simut ko na eh :'( 
#confessionnight i need to sing , but my singing buddy isn't here ... :( 
hang out on deez ! ! ! i was just tryna help ! 😔 .. whatever u guys are stupid🚶🚶 
USERNAME yea w/e now ima go hind in a dark room and cut my self :( haha 
i would never hands down call my sister a bitch over my girlfriend/boyfriend ever . 😥 😳 
i'm so ready for my neck/back to stop hurting :( 
if hes really a dad now , thats gunna mess up everythingg now :( (( #pleasedontbetrue 
that fucking hurt . 😔 i'm out on that one night guys 
guys from az never had a chance to love black women because they've been stuck in az . poor y'all :( 
USERNAME USERNAME :( its all good though i like girls damn straight 
#confessionnight at one point and time i was a sweet heart . not anymore 💔 
shit never ever works out in my favor i guess there will be another USERNAME concert sometime next year ! :( 
USERNAME idk like its just falling apart right now :( 
watching spider man and all i can think of is my little bro . :( 
i feel so unimportant :( but i forgive you . 
felt like i just broke my back ! ! #oww 😱 😱 😭 😭 
#confessionnight i care about people but it seems like they don't care in return #sadtweet 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! ! ! :( 
lmao wait no i still have to take drivers ed and my driving lessons #fuckme #ijustwantmylicense 😔 
i'm so upset that i moved my tv back home before realizing that the 2 hour finale of breaking amish was tonight :( & i missed it ! :( 
USERNAME i wish you woulda told me soner . i would've got you a present :( ha 
thats nice :/ bro and babe just fell asleep :( wtf ! 
stop playin y'all they won .. leave me alonee :( 
USERNAME bol yu so mean ugh 😣 👊 😣 👊 😣 👊 😣 👊 😣 👊 😣 👊 😣 
all the shit i ate today .. no wonder my belly is pissed . 😣 
just stopped in to get my camera from seb but it's back at mandalay . :( (@ coyote ugly w/ USERNAME URL 
USERNAME how do you think i feel , i watch the lucky one before the notebook started 😭 😭 💔 
USERNAME no ! i don't know when they are gonna show it , that's why it makes me more sad :( 
my tummy hurts 😔 and i have already started getting anxiety about tuesday . #ihateflying #dontwannaflyovertheocean #whenamigonnapack 
finally watching last weeks episode of #thewalkingdead 🚶💀 😞 😞 
my ponytail holder is stuck in my head 😒 😔 
aussie and his shark took my nose . 😿 #bourbonfaced URL 
why do i have never have food in my dorm :( 
never say good morning or good night too anyone anymore 😔 
no one is texting me . i must be ugly tonite . :( 
i don't want her to be sad no more , 😔 
do you need me no but what will happen when i don't have you ? ? ? ? :( 
keeping the people safe .... will i think 😥 #security #ha @ iglesia de cristo ministerio llamada final-downey URL 
USERNAME uh oh ? ! :'( noo what's wrong ? ! 
my boo thang in columbia 😔 sucks for me tonight 
USERNAME stop being sick :( take meds ! ! ! ! ! 
😥 there will never be another dee & doo nor denny & shane - mann imiss dem boys ! 
USERNAME i'm lonely too ! ! ! wish we were snuggzinn like always 💔 👯 😢 
oh god , pulled a muscle in my neck . can't move :( #thisweekwillbefun 
i can't stay up 😭 y'all know i get all my sleep no matter what . 
i just spent 30 minutes looking for a tweet to take a screenshot of and send to someone ... and no i didn't find it if you were wondering 😔 
#confessionnight i'm ready for the nhl to start .... if it ever does 😔 
USERNAME samee i feel like you and mr popular USERNAME have too :( i miss having to baby sit you . <3 you guys made that summer amazing . 
it's only 10 pm but i guess i'm going to bed #depressing #ihategoingtosleepearly 
#confessionnight ... i really do honestly miss USERNAME a ridiculouss amount ! .. :( 
i wonder if anyone just looks at me & thinks 'damn , she's beautiful .' prolly not 😔 
USERNAME and i at his last highschool football game ! soon he'll be off to college :( #25 <3 
not gonna see you again till you're 18, if even then .. :'( 
one of my friends won't talk to me ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 
guess i'm just gonna cuddle with my pillow again 😞 
i just wanna run away ... #praying #hopingforthebest #nosleeptonight 😔 😞 😰 
god told me to stfu , so i'm going to sleep 😔 💤✌🙏 
i wish i coulda take this autocorrect shit off my phone 😣 
jogging 3 miles ? easy . practicing a 2 minute speech ? i'm out of breath already . :c 
womp 😔 hate getting my hopes up over for nothing ! 
i may sound nutty for this but i miss 814 it gave me something to do on the weekends :( 
USERNAME don't do black it will never go awayy :( 
i miss my ex so damn much yo 😞 😣 #confessionalnight 
USERNAME i'm jealous how you see drake more than me 😔 
pissed off ! ! ! ! ! ! ! > :'( 
this is how i feel & look right now 😩 😢 😭 😠 
USERNAME yes evan ! ! ! ! thank you for reminding me ! 😒 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME can't wait to see you guys over break ... it's been too long :( 
USERNAME 😔 😒 😤 stop beingg mean . 😢 lmao 
i wish it was :( rt USERNAME USERNAME wait , that's a joke right ? 
why do boobs have to hurt when there growing ? why tf cant you bitches just grow ! ! v.v 
i really really just wanna see my baby boy again . i don't get another ultrasound till december :( 
USERNAME you were left hanging a few times today 😞 ❤ 🏈 💛 .. 
going to sleep . 😴 se va a dormirr no se van a ningún otro lado :'( 
USERNAME i hate not being able too :( she beautiful 
the point in time when even doctors start giving up on me 😣 
well so much for sleeping in the a . m i have to get up at 5:00 in the morning . :( soo goodnight people ! <3 
USERNAME too bad you cant play colt leauge again next year :( 
that bonnie & clyde relationship , where we ride together 🚲, cry together 😭 , fight together 👊💢 😡 , die together 💀 ❤ 💀 >>>>>>>> 💏💯 
guess i'm making the trip to florida solo once again :( #sucks 
well that was a stupid #bears game . non stop rain , cutler gets a concussion . we lose , i'm soaked . 🏈☔ 😥 
USERNAME aw shneil i love you and i miss you and ty already 😔 
will someone please massage my neck ? it hurts an awful lot :( 
USERNAME makes me wish my real mother loved me . #fml . #whatever . 
USERNAME it is ! i didn't think they can be so evil 😔 
USERNAME i missed u ! ! ! i really missed u ! ! ! viber me or line laa .. hatiku x tenteram ... going through some crazyness ryte now ... :( 
so oomf didn't text me brb gunna go cry in a corner now :'( 
feels like i don't even have eye brows ! 😔 
kinda think i just ruined everything there ever was .. 💔 
being sick just makes me want to be home so my grandma can take care of me . 😁😩 #depressed #lonely #homesick 
why is it every time i call century link i get some asian speaking individual that i can't understand :( 
#latenightthoughts i love frank ocean , and i need a cuddle buddy :( 
USERNAME about to 😥 my head is killin me ! 
USERNAME USERNAME nothing . still don't have a team to root for . lol #sadtweet 
USERNAME that's tough for 1st viewing . i miss you guys :( are you around this christmas ? we'd love to see you and hang out ! 
i cant wait to go home for break #missmybestfriends USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME </3 
USERNAME i would have no other reason to live and be here :( 
ive been through so much i wonder why im still alive and smiling :'( 
the moment of defeat when your boyfriend plans what he's going to eat if you were gone for a day 😔 thanks USERNAME 
#conefessionnight i don't have a best friend anymore ........ </3 
USERNAME don't even play .. i won't sleep for nights . ): 
just remembered i had a dream that i met USERNAME last night . if only it were real 😔 😘 #myboo 
thanks to all of my friends supporting me through this hard time . sad that i won't get to see everyone in clifton for quite some time :( 
oh crap ... USERNAME USERNAME & USERNAME gave me the lurgie :( the next two days of training are going to suck ! 
ugh . i need to go back to canada . ): 
USERNAME 😬💩🙈👀 😕 😐 😧 😨 😰 😳 sorry boo ! ! ! just run and jump on your bed lol 
for the first time ever ... i am not able to finish writing an essay :( wtf is wrong o.o aahh ! ! ! ! 
USERNAME USERNAME noo i didn't :( i miss y'all i'm coming up there 1 day this week 
that txt i juss got < it hurt my feelings bt ima be coo </3 
USERNAME they apparently arent doing it this year :'( (((( 
my left eye won't stop watering ... why ? 😢 
i hate when blake goes to bed early :( no one to talk to . #textmesomeone 
#confessionnight i wish you loved closer . things would be much easier . 👏 😔 
USERNAME but well played moe .. well played . love you too boo (; and i am not special ! :[ 
#confessionnight i'm too shy to show affection i feel like i'm stupid 😔 
#confessionnight lets go back to august and i'd be perfectly satisfied . i wanna cry i wanna go back 😭 URL 
USERNAME a server ! but i'd settle for a hostess i miss serving :( ! and im starting to think finding a restaurant job in kato is hopeless :( 
USERNAME it doesn't even matter but i miss you negro :( 
haven't talked talked to #oomf in a while . 😔 
i never got to watch #walkingdead this evening :( (((((( 
ima be the only one in the whole wide world not havin black ops 2 😔 i wonder how zombies is gonna be if they have it 
day three :( i miss my dog . this isn't getting easier at all . and plus its gonna storm tonight and tomorrow . hurry up 3 weeks & 4 days . :( 
practice in the mourning :( i need my sleep for real 
USERNAME i don't take loss very well . i'm sorry . i'm such a brat . :( :'( 
i just want to sleep and forget about this disaster 😢 
i want to go to virginia to be with my sister ! i miss her :( and ryan ! 
#confessionnight i want a boyfriend who never runs out of things to say with me but he doesn't seem to exist :( 
USERNAME i'm such a wreck rachel :( i'm gonna text you 
USERNAME hahaha oh wow . while i'm sipping on a very very hot cup of tea lol . it's cold :( . 
some of these bitches on teen mom dont deserve their babies #makesmesad :( 
USERNAME nahh is just me 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
#confessionnight i wish you lived closer , things would be much easier 😔 
USERNAME wow wish i could have watched that game :( 
yupp .. still haven't done my math homework . #fml 
USERNAME got damnit eleazar i'm #teamandroid remember ? i can't see your boxes ): 
heading back to nb . time to deal with classes again . 😥 
#oomf texted me & told me to go to sleep :( 
fuck you pandora for playing you just fucked up my night 😔 
dont h8 me :c rtUSERNAME USERNAME wahh ? ! ? how are we gonna hangout now ? 
going to bed and hoping for the best on this cell test in the morning . #being positive #needagoodgrade 😞 
USERNAME hii alodia can in request please follow me please :( ( 
wee ! lets get drunk on wine coolers and roll around in the grass ! ! ! maybe ! ? maybe ... maybe not ? ! :( . maybe ! ! ! ! ! URL 
i knoww 😭 😭 😭 watch grey's ! ! do it ! 
i still can't believe my heat lost :'( #grindteam #heatnation 
i need more snapchat friends 😔 add me plz kristenwalterss 
so true tho . lol rt“USERNAME jtfoo my heart 😭 😭 😭 😭 URL 
#confession i smack a female like 2 or 2 times :'( 
USERNAME but i can't see you if you have a job 😔 
USERNAME true .. however , im just scared not really lonely i like being in my own bed alone lol . crime shows just scare me :( 
USERNAME hahahaha i locked my doors ! ! ! 😫 😨 😭 
USERNAME i havent forgot ! ! but i have a story for you ! ! i was mia saturday night bc i was trippy :( 
i wish i went to the waterfront tonight :'( #nexttimeforsure 
USERNAME wish that it was that easy , it's awful 😞 #lovehimtoomuch #misshim 
USERNAME lol he dnt like me . ima go gay ! :c 
i wish my mom was home .. need someone to talk to .. 😔 
me and dajah convoo >>>>>> but our phones died at the same timee :( 
USERNAME you can't steal his name and then say ! 😣 #that 'snotokay 
#bears game was cold & raining without a win :( @ soldier field URL 
mann how i wish i had my daddy 😞 😞 😞 times get rough and it seems like my girlfriend is all i got right now ... 
they're on their way to you , but they're tripping over me . 😔 
USERNAME yea i know right . like 3 years or so .... lol 😔 👎 
odio el horoscopo de univision ? el amor esta muy cerca de ti . no lo ves ? ? no pues si ya lo hubiera visto tendria pelado jajajaja #fml 
i just want all my tests over with so i can go home for thanksgiving break 😣 
i'm terrified to take my cap and gown out the bag and try them on . im not ready to graduate :( 
you cant say goodbye how you really want to when you are not alone #sadtweet #simpleasthat 
i hate thinking im going too last with someone theen we break up </3 
i can't believe this is the last episode of breaking amish :( 
y ya me fui a la verga literalmente , quiero un abrazo de el :( 
USERNAME no bout he getting more points than me . #depressing 
someone kill me . ? ! ? ! 💔 😖 
USERNAME noo :( (( too long of a wait ! 
USERNAME i do , i think i'm the only one though 😞 
i can totally feel it when somebody doesn't like me :( 
USERNAME are you serious ? you haven't told me oh boo . let me go to your house an end up seeing stuff 😳 😔 😐 it always happens where i go 💔 🔫 
USERNAME luckily no , that would be tragic ! weird pictures like that happen when i can't sleep . :c 
i have to pee but im scared to get up because of this movie 😦 
i'm really pissed . i'm not tryna be in the room all night 😭 🔫 
it just hit me that i wont see USERNAME for a whole year .. how will i survive :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME can't relate about the bears , but definitely feel u on miami :( 
tired .. so i'm going to bed , without a goodnight 😭 
from nick jr ? ! ? ! ? ? 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i can't go out tonight parents have me on lockdown 😔 
i feel so sick and weak and gross . ugh only USERNAME would understand 😒 😥 😢 
good night in denver . now boring monday in colorado springs . :( 
probably the thing i was most scared of this last october was having to watch hocus pocus with my mom . #hatethatmovie #nightmaresfordays 😣 
i wish i could rewind back to how my life was a year ago 😔 
USERNAME what if i get a donut name wrong .. they're going to think i'm stupid 😣 
me and oomf talked for like a week straight then fell off ... well 😞 
just lost my best friend in the whole wide world as a friend . #depressing 
USERNAME haha remember skeet skeet and yo crusay . lmao and USERNAME quee quee . and dirty virgin for lizz :( 
USERNAME fine i was just trying to be nice 😔 
how i'm feeling tonite .... 😔 😒 smh #picstitch @ the dorm URL 
i thought cali was the funnest place in the u . s ? west side is just boring now :( 
nice to come home and chill in a big crib by myself .... then again , its not . 😔 lol @ the crib URL 
USERNAME iwish i was there our freshman year :( and last year :( and this year :( 
USERNAME after i begged for you to tell me for weeks :( 
i like when i like someone . but it never ends up how i want it . #confession #sadtweet 
when you wanna talk to someone , but you dont even know how to start up the convo :( 
USERNAME you dnt even know lol ... ayy our plans are definitely on now 😭 
USERNAME fuck you ! i hate you ................................. bitch > :( hahahahahah 
rip tio manuel :( yu in a better place . 
USERNAME i hope so too ! it really is my #1 fav romantic movie :'( 
my boyfriend doesn't like snapchat . he thinks it's 'stupid'. :( USERNAME 
i wish i was with USERNAME and USERNAME 😔 🎀👠👑 💜 💋 
why do i sleep all day , knowing i won't be able to sleep at night #strugglin 😞 
when you finally let go of that person you would always go back to no matter what < 😔 
USERNAME yeah , but i think it's bigger than the judges . it's what middle america wants ..... :( i don't think the judges would do that . 
USERNAME USERNAME idk how the heck i ended up putting 3rd ? i even checked the date ! hopefully nobody noticed 😧 #nov .11th* 
USERNAME youu ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i miss yaa ! ! ! ! #legit #wenevertalk :'( <3 
USERNAME even tho i only saw you for like 5 seconds :( 
submitted more college stuff tonight . the thought of leaving behind my girls USERNAME & USERNAME next year makes me tear up 😢 
#confessionnight : i'll never fall for a nigga wit a girl ever again </3 
so i txt #oomf n she dnt reply bk n den i say gud nite n den she gon txt me bk at 11:11 n say make a wish . wtf > :( 
USERNAME it's not the same :( & plus i love this university too ! 
USERNAME when jaquille shut the door on you , you open it back up and gave me the nastiest look .. it wasn't even me 😔 
USERNAME i know ! i'm reminiscing .. i do that a lot :( lol 
#confessionnight i hate being so far away from USERNAME . 😔 
i wish i would've talked to you before you left .... 💔 
USERNAME i was eating a fry and it broke . 😔 
i will not be ignored onika USERNAME this is killing me ! ! :( 
just realized i missed 11:11 on 11/11 ): #bummed #fuck ! 
maybe i should run away instead .. but i don't wanna do it alone 😔 😕 🔫 
enjoyed the memphis grizzlies vs . miami heat game today w/ debbie , chan , logan , and donnetta ! hate we didn't have closer seats though 😔 
the only person who cares that i'm sick is my mom 😔 
we start bitching about how we miss each other after like a day , lol and ima be gone for 11 days 😔 
me and USERNAME locked in the room on punishment 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME seriously though , this guy hasn't even tweeted since 2009 > :( 
worked my last day at whataburger . i'm gonna miss everyone :( 
since i've been at school i've lost 5 pairs of earrings . 😞 😞 😞 
damn i feel bad for #oomf but there's nothing i can do 😔 
i should stop listening to mayer hawthorne during cold night tho lol 😭 
USERNAME u could make this boy here really happy just replying me :( 
i'm sad ... can't tell if i'm still asleep or if my wake up call is starting to take effect yet :( @ my room URL 
hate having this feeling of uncertainly with this situation :( 
i guess USERNAME doesn't wanna play her cards . #sadtweet lol 
it's not even 10 o'clock yet . how am i this tired ? :( 
USERNAME oh fml , that's so far away lol . not for christmas ? ! 😒 😔 
USERNAME i guess your mind isn't as dirty as mine 😔 
#confessionnight everytime i see 11:11 on the clock i wish for a pony ... and i never get it #sadday 
#confessionnight it's been a lonely 3 months 😭 😭 😭 😭 
lol . mine too ! ........... oh wait , i don't have one 😢 😢 
#confessionnight i realize the girl i like would never date me because i'm an asshole , and i can't change her opinion of me . 😔 
USERNAME i'm your biggest fan . this is like my 100th tweet to you . and you have never wrote back ): 
my night has taken a turn for the worse .. :'( 
me being in pain is nothing compared to my child being in pain and not being able to help her :( 
USERNAME how many times have you fallen inlove ? and had your heart broken ? :( just wondering 
i hate you so much , but i wanna snuggle with you so bad :( 
it's been so long 😥 can barely stand it ! 
this is going to be the worst birthday week ever .... an it's my 21st 😔 
the impossible dream is an untouchable dream , for those too foolish to try . the greatest temptations , are wasted sensations # life 😔 
USERNAME he had a really cute personality too omfg :-( :-( 
USERNAME mine don't have my future wife on them yet :( 
USERNAME omg babe i heard you were at the game friday ! i didn't see you </3 
grey's anatomy , why must you end the season with that ? #depressed 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 😱 oh my gosh 😢 my heart just broke 💔 
what happened to us ? #sadtweet #foreverfriendship USERNAME USERNAME bitches . were partying for my bday niggas . URL 
USERNAME sorry ... 😔 i owe you a back massage again 
the horrible moment when i only have $0.40 in my itunes account :'( (((( #whomp ! URL 
for me to cry over you is a big deal :'( 
orientation at 8am and can't even get a ride . 😔 
USERNAME i used to sleep with an axe under my bed and butcher knife under my pillow . a real monster was coming into my room ! :'( 
haha it's whatever i guess , i knew it was too good to be true . #backtoreality . #fml 
USERNAME USERNAME k but like tell her to hold it in until friday morning . bitches be broke till then :( 
USERNAME i'm late but where is right there ? 😞 i'm going to text you in da morningg 
gah . it's so hard to make plans with people cuz i live so far away :( anyhow i have tomorrow off . 
omg i tweeted 65 times yesterday . i'm so sorry . this bed rest thing is no fun . i've obviously lost my mind . that is insane . 😳 😥 
USERNAME i just have to limit my usage i guess 😔 
USERNAME come snuggle with me ? maccy is scared :( 
sometimes i wonder if people actually notice me and want to be my friend . cause days like these i feel like there isn't anybody . 😔 
& theres a fuckin typo in that message #fml . 
none of my friends are on twitter right meow 😞 🐱 
USERNAME why ? i'm not going to be here 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 crying for 6 hours now 
USERNAME college is the shit but the hardest part is not seeing your friends as much ! #sadtweet 
i'm not going to be in collinsville again until friday .. this upsets me 😭 . 
USERNAME i had it in and then it slid out :c can i borrow one of your 1/2 inch tapers ? lol 
USERNAME what the fuck . you're white & i'm mexican & i don't understand half the shit your saying :c 
USERNAME true true that's why i couldn't bring my gatito tiger with me 😣 i'm so miserable without him . 
USERNAME nawh but i don't got my wrestling shoes yet :( 
well , r . i . p . to my great great aunt arlene . beautiful woman leaving beautiful memories . 😔 
glad to be in my warm bed ! but not glad to be alone .. :[ 
cause i look so ugly & i sound so ugly 😔 ! 
love hurts , </3 , <3 but its worth it in the end 
last dinner before mom goes back home ): #unclegarret #auntyshere #instagrinds #kalbi # @ muguboka korean bbq URL 
-i really don't want you to leave me :'( <3 #hategoodbyes 
just realized i won't be with my payton on new years 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
had a chance with this guy & i screwed myself over . lost a good guy & i blame myself :( 
USERNAME no . just text back before i drive home . please ? 😔 
i feel like the wrost #bestfriend :( i missed her birthday USERNAME someone slap me . and knowing her shes gonna say its not tho 
i'm #craving for #crabrangoon from #wahsang .. badly , but my #boyfriend is being #selfish #ihatehim 😩 😭 
i didn't know that about oomf that's really really sad 😞 
on days like today , i really miss my grandpa so much :( 
i have i love bf panties w no bf lol . . :( 
i should be studying right now ! i'm too lazy though ): 
#confessionnight i will always tell someone its okay after they screw me over , :( 
it's stuff i can tell you every day but i doubt you listen 😞 
USERNAME 😳 😢 👎 😳 😢 👎 ... wait til the playoffs ! ! ! #teamheat 
USERNAME lmfaoo i miss youu moree :( ( </3 333 URL 
well it was fun , but now back to reality :( URL 
could that someone be me ? cause i mean i was just kidding i just wanted subtweet someone 😔 
when i eat rice krispie treats i think of cross country practices ): 
i'm not even sleepy 😞 staying up late last night has ruined my routine 
USERNAME another one comes on and dies ... :( #sosad 
USERNAME USERNAME fine , i'm dippin out .. just like you did that one night cody :'( 
USERNAME i'm jealous . i had to take mine out for work because of some stupid meeting :( 
cuddling sounds so good with him right now . #sleepingalone ): 
USERNAME this is too true . shenandoah did not prepare me for ib 😔 
when something's wrong with your bestfriend but you can't know <<<< 😔 😰 😣 💔 #sadtweet 
seeing you tho <><><> #really . and with this song ... 😔 😞 😢 
yes , and i regret it so much ... </3 
last night in nyc :( #timessquare #nyc #lights #night #concretejungle #nofilter @ times square URL 
#confessionnight i like someone who doesn't like me . 😔 
USERNAME i've been know that , you know my every move ... type creepy kev :( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 that's why you're my bestfriend 
USERNAME hahaha that tweet is definitely my life summed up right now . i miss you 😔 
i hate you so much just for bringing up our old moments . . . . </3 
two years in a row , callan has forgotten my birthday .. 😒 😥 
okay .. rick just got less sexy . damnit :'( . 
USERNAME you're welcome sweetheart . i'm sick my damn self :( 
omg i miss my middle school group so much USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME </3 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME lol k love how he deletes my number when i needed him the most . 😞 
i dont even know what is happening though . :( 
#cofessionnight if i don't get my ticket early to see twighlight this thursday i wont be going with my friends :( 
my cat would be honestly the hardest person to leave :'( #truelove #youovereverything 
USERNAME you go to his concert and now he follows you ? just put me down some more . 😭 😢 😢 😭 😢 😭 😢 😭 😢 😭 😢 😭 
bullied again ): i don't wanna go to school tomorrow . ): #notperfect 
gay guy (noun ): a male who is uninterested in boobs , but subjected to far more boobage than his heterosexual counterparts . 
i just wish you guys knew how cool that was 😔 
i miss my mommy ! :( good to see . her . for an little bit .. @ la palace URL 
aww don't be mad at me ! ! ! 😔 USERNAME it upsets me that your mad 😢 😒 
i just wanna sleep ! in so much #pain 😣 
USERNAME i don't know . but then again i don't understand why you don't hang out with me either #sadtweet 
USERNAME we can listen to unbreak my heart by toni braxton 💔 
just wanted to see what you was about , and i did . you ain't bout nothin' ! 😢 
it's not always the females that hurt .. the fellas hurt too 😔 
gay guy (noun ): a male whom is uninterested in boobs , but also subjected to far more boobage than his heterosexual counterparts . 
wish this weekend didn't have to end . 😢 #relaxed #notstressed #fornow 
everything's getting to me ! ! 😢 really want to get away from school and be relaxing at home with the people i love ! ! #5moredays 
USERNAME i am yet to grace the sky in an a380 :( 
USERNAME dammit itook ah half ah molly do dat mame me ah meth head ? 😔 😳 
ok these york commercials are crazy ! i've never once been that exhilarated when i way one if those . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME but karin i love you ! ! :( i just made one little mistake 
so confused i haate this feeling lets rewind to about 4 months agoo :( 
i hope tomorrow is better than today was ... 😒 😣 
omg this headache is awful someone help me :( (( #cantsleep 
USERNAME aww :( dm me now and same ishh , im confused , not tired and this hamster wont shut the hell up 
USERNAME lmao i'm so gonna kill it but no :( my dads there though 
i wanna visit kyndal next year in korea . t.t 
USERNAME damn , i didn't know i was a creep , sorry ill just unfollow you then :( lmao 
USERNAME okay i cant wednesday or thursday , cause wednesdays the viewing for my grandpa and thursdays the funeral 😣 💔 
why in the hell can't there be that one guy who always makes you smile , always be there for you , good in bed .... ect . #guess they dont exsit :( 
i miss being tan so much :( i'm too washed out these days . 
USERNAME USERNAME everyone just wants to take me away from you :( 
USERNAME idk anyone there :( & its probably too late to apply for the spring d: 
my jaw hurts really bad . and i don't know why :( 
why can't my hair be long already ? ! 🙍🙎 😔 
i think talking myself is the only way ican relieve stress cause if i talk to others they go run in tell that 😞 
USERNAME i won't ! it was the worst mistake i have ever made 😔 im glad to have you back 😘 
to much stuff on my mind to sleep 😒 😢 #confessionnight #collegeprblmz 
are you kidding me -.- .. guess no practice for me twomorrow morning :c ... fuck you job . 
i'm bummed i'm not gone be here during new years ... 😔 
brooklyn is up first then USERNAME is off to msg & i just want a glance at him , a picture & a autograph but is that just too much ? sad ☹ 
#confessionnight it makes me sad wen i see oomf tweet about someone else 😒 😔 😞 
USERNAME i didn't even do that :( lol i was looking forward to something . but nothing man lol 
USERNAME i'll have to order online ! & through them , they discontinued the kcups of that flavor :-( i have a filter of my own though ! 
i didn't get any g . e . d social studies done today .. #fail 😔 
USERNAME like it makes me want to cry ... it's my favorite show :( 
can't believe i'm not going to the USERNAME concert😫 😢 😥 😔 👎 💔 
USERNAME ikr but its on a school night in manhattan my mom is protesting :( 
USERNAME USERNAME wish i would have known that ! just got home from an uneventful party/sunday funday :( 
i have a test in my zero hour ... and i can not fucking sleep . i didn't even read the entire book . #fml 
i left my key in my dorm , and my roommate is not back yet . 😣 #ugh #lockedout #collegeproblems #why #sucks 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME fuck off . i want to get some :( 
i want to talk on the phone , but my phone will die if i do #sadtweet 
i dont remember what it feels like to walk the halls of #jths everyday .. #sadtweet 
gonna sit here & cry my pathetic ass to sleep 😔 😒 😢 ✌ 
i wish he would notice i exist ! 😔 😥 i love you david ! #teamdavidcorrey #teamdavidcorrey USERNAME 
i just want you to love me , the way i love you . 😔 🔫 
didn't see USERNAME jenh all day . wtf mate ? #wherewereyou :( 
oh shit ! my bf's birthday is next week ! i totally forgot ! i'm so #broke :( 
USERNAME fell asleep without say goodnight ); </3 now how will i sleep ? 
so far so good . had a taste of the exhibition hall welcoming reception . missed out on the free xbox draw :( #spc2012 
nothing is making sense i just woke up like what is going on i was dreaming i think idk ? i'm so lost and confused someone help :( 
USERNAME like , i miss you so much man :( 
USERNAME nigga bye ! lol last time i talk to you it wasn’t ! so lemme lone ! 😔 
this was 3 years ago . i don't look any different . #babyface #fml URL 
i cant do this ! im not a a tough cookie :( 
#confessionsnight i'm scared of relationships ... i run as soon as i feel one starting to happen .... :( 
& no supe de angelito hoy -.- ok me duermo sin mis buenas noches :( off zz ! 
USERNAME it's the month straight part isn't it ? i'm horrible lol :( 
only i could mess up the time clock t.t awefreakinsome . 
will everyone take time out of there busy schedule and tell me how cool i am so i can show my mom ? she thinks i'm a loser 😔 
USERNAME dude . i fucking blocked my shit cuz my mom found out about twitter and stalked my ass . #fml #forreeal 
*good * & need to get my temps & licenses quick it sucks ! i feel really immuture not having a license at 16 . i can't pass the dum test :( ( 
#confessionnight i had surgery on february 14 :c #itsucked dx 
smh i dislike that things are not good with me and don right now ... ... 😒 😔 
guys i just really miss my dog right now . 🐶 😔 URL 
lisa: .. me: i am kissing you ! USERNAME : baby kiss me passionately ! ! .. i guess my kisses aren't passionate :c 
USERNAME quit :( i don't have class then i don't work til 2 on tuesday 
USERNAME me too ! ! ! i hate commercials though :( 
USERNAME been there done that ... that is why i no longer have a computer . it is a :( thing . 
USERNAME happy birthdayytyytt 😭 😭 🙌🙏 😭 😭 🙌🙌 😭 ❤ ❤ 💙 ❤ ✔ ❤ 
i should have never cut my hair last year , i really miss how long it was :( #neveragain 
didn't do any homework on my day off . tomorrow for 2 1/2 hrs before class the library will be my bff . ugh #tired #collegegirlproblems 😭 🔫📚👎 
i think ppl misunderstand wat a rt is tho 😔 
USERNAME lmaoo you're taking this too far and making me found pathetic . 😭 i'm sure it will though 
USERNAME i was definitely about to say its on youtube but u still can't watch it . i'm sorry 😧 😘 
everything happens for a reason ... i feel like a fuck up but i hope god is watching and everything turns out great in the end . :( 
#confessionnight i cry alot . over the most stupidest things .. i get it from my mom . we're emotional 😔 
no amigas , no nada ... no había nada así era bonito :( 
USERNAME ill be right back next week i'm sorry :( 
if you are black .... we cannot make a baby ! 😭 
really wish i could stop coughing and get some sleep 😔 
i'm so disappointed i missed the #ofwgkta concert in kc a few months ago ): 
would be nice if my back pain and headaches went away :( #sad 🙍🚗 
#confessionnight i got the weeknd's album two days early . i'm sorry 😔 
aww <3 33 kimberly texted mee 😊 😘 ❤ damn i miss herr :c URL 
#confessionnight i don't like cats . unless they have been declawed .... 😿 
i just sounded like an idiot on the phone with andrew right now :c 
USERNAME omg so now i have to work tomorrow ... all day :( but i got off early tonight bc i'm helpin them out by going in tomorrow so 
this is all too much . ! 😔 😞 😞 😔 
- this aint how i normaly be , i cant shake dis jealousy , i've fallen way too deep </3 
USERNAME it was :( it made me sad it didn't live up to the book 
the fact that i can't even tell him the truth because he'll hate me :( 
USERNAME haha ! you love them ! i wish i live there ! ! 😢 👎 it be fun ! 
USERNAME no not keith ! ! but another person comes on .. an dies :( 
USERNAME if i don't make it tomorrow i'm sowwy 😔 
USERNAME -_- i surprised you with flowers and candy > :( 
i don't think my text app is working .. wtf :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME what the fuck ? worst shit i've ever seen in my life 😞 
he just ask me if he got shoot would i cry fskw goodnight :'( ( 
these tummy pains are a killer . 😫👎 😿 😕 
so sick ugh still ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME no can do now . pjs are on and wendy's is in my stomach :( 
i just want to go to the concert in msg ! i just want to have a back stage pass & meet him ! what are the odds of that happing to me ? 1/5000 ☹ 
i wish don't starve was for pc and mac ... :( 
#confessionnight i go around as such a tough person , but i am a pretty sensitive person . :c 
i try my hardest to make you happy and i just seem to not be able to do it 😞 
it's only been 2 hours and i miss myke so fucking much all ready >.< :c 
USERNAME just got back from a regina spektor concert , everybody there reminded me of how u dress haha . miss u :( when u comin back ? 
USERNAME swear it ! ! ! ! ! ! you're gonna die . 😔 😭 
#confessionnight there's only one thing in my life that i honestly regret so much ... #selfish #wishicouldgoback #breaksmyheart 😔 
same rt USERNAME all i want in life is to be a milf 😭 
when the main person in my life is hurting me < #upset #tear :( 
i'm here till tomorrow ! ! i don't have a car anymore ! ! :( so i'm fucked lol 
USERNAME got drunk af last night , worked today &then gave a shit ton of blood 😣 
USERNAME we need to go again asap lol , people be posting pictures of it and it makes my craving worse :'( lol 
these sequins on my yoga pants are rubbing my back raw :( fuck . 
USERNAME aw that's kitty shitty :( , but yeah we're gonna pass out in economics haha 
i wana talk with you on tha phone so badd :'( 
like how i asked 3 people to come over and they didn't . <<< needing someone right now . :'( 
USERNAME you're gonna be like the chick in the notebook . 😭 
USERNAME miss you more :( i was so confused cause i couldn't find your lalalashleigh account ! 
that depressing moment when you wanna go to bed but all of your clean clothes you need to put up are on top of it 😭 
#iwantaguy .. sadly ill probably never find this fucking guy ! #fml 
USERNAME i did reply check your wall ! ! you never replied to me :( the sad part is that yourmom liked my post , and you didn't :( (((( 
USERNAME alrighty ! i hate school and work . i'm always busy 😔 
😭 USERNAME won't go outside and play soccer with me ! 😭 😫 😭 😩⚽ 😭 😫 
seriously where's USERNAME doe .... 😭 😭 😭 😭 😥 😰 😢 
man today was hell , had a hangover at work :( ( worst thing ever 
he just ask me if he got shot would i cry fskw goodnight :'( ( 
USERNAME hahha i know i was so drunk :( ahahahaha oh boy 
USERNAME come thru to yonkers one day bro , i miss you :( 
- i'm just not feeling us anymoree . . </3 
USERNAME your like 30 minutes away from me omfg why can't i be there right now </3 
woke up from a 9 hour nap to bunch of craps ): < 
USERNAME hahaha not about about you silly . the stress of studying for three tests before break . thats awful :( 
my roommate and suitmate told me i'm gaining weight 😢 
USERNAME omg im down ! but i dont wanna be the third wheel :( & what if we like go somewhere like in the middle 
USERNAME doesn't even look like es playing with anything ... and ooh ... :( <\3 
why am i awake right noww ? ? ? ? :( 
i think that USERNAME USERNAME an USERNAME don't live me anymore :( they haven't tweeted me in forever :'( i miss them <3 
when USERNAME isnt cheerful<<< #loveyou #cheerup she's always happy ): 
#confessionnight ever since i moved i have raging mood swings . 😞 #lettinggoslowly 
the fact USERNAME and i have watched valentines day back to back tonight<<< #fml 
i really wanna hit up #oomf and tell her to keep her head up :( 
one year ago yesterday (11/11/11), i left my career as a youth pastor . those responsible have misled people from the truth as to why #sadday 
my little sister just found out santa isn't real . christmas is ruined . 😱 😫 😭 
i'm terrified of chinese dragons 😣 ever since mulan 👵 
USERNAME hell yeah ! ! you can get the friends/family discount lol 😊 we miss you in willhoes 😢 
USERNAME you can play some lol damn since you comeing over this mean i gotta clean my room and house :( but its worth it 
USERNAME yo no se , whenever you can ? i have so much :( ( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 good ! imy ! where you at ? ! 
about to eat some pozole with USERNAME , even though we're missing our big bro USERNAME 😔 
my back is killing me and not letting me sleep once again ! ! :( 
listening too bless the broken road , describes exactly what happened with me & mike ... #depressed 
your life: ❤ 💔 ❤ 💔 ❤ 💔 ❤ 💔 ❤ 
#confessionsnight i wish a had a cute little kid 😳 😔 #notanytimesoon 
“USERNAME this poem had me crying 😭 😪 URL that's sad ! 
USERNAME i was all whats wrong with my lil danielle ! ? :( 
USERNAME how'd you know ? that's what i was going to give you for christmas ... 😔 that and a blumpkin 
why does everyone i love think i hate them ? 😢 #depressedtweet 
hate when everyone texts you except the person you want to talk too 😖 😔 💔 
lauren come over so we can cuddle and watch movies 😔 
never felt this lonely ! no more boyfriend no more friends ! 😣 this sucks ! 
USERNAME nope :( and she has to work too and i have no one else to take me and i turn 16 in the same month and christmas too :( 
USERNAME what the ? hahaha oh my i miss my bb phone :( ( 
i wandd my baby ashanti back #ongod , lost some good :( 
all i want for xmas is a wang bag :( ( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 lol na it ain't bad just doin a lil work makin a lil money and traveling a lil bit 
i want my family . and my best friends . and my dog to cuddle with . most of all i want to be far away from central right now 😔 #stressed 
i already miss my grandma , she's leaving to london and amsterdam :( 
i can't for sunday , but that's 7 days from now :( 
USERNAME i had to leave 😭 😭 😭 good luck ! please let me know when he gets there 
i can get my heart broken again and thats not . an excuse thats something real . </3 
#cofessionnight late at night when i get to thinking i listen to some depressing ass country music smh 😞 
i guess i have stupid across my forehead #keepsitreal #pissed 😡 💔 
i need coals ! i want to hookah ! > :( 
i've been watching tv forever . i no longer feel my butt . #sadtweet 
i really wanted to go to this concert ! #damnyourecession you ruined my life ! :( :/ i wish i had a genie so he could make me meet jb ! 
i don't remember how to fall asleep without my kitty :( 💔 
USERNAME that is across the street from my friends' apartment . any details ? now i am worried :( 
oh no i won't have a boyfriend after tonight :( :( :( :( #onlyhavingabfforonenightprobz 
when your girlfriend bows u in the face <<<<<<<<< USERNAME 😭 
USERNAME aww ! i want him ! wish i could have kitties . :( 
can't fall asleep - so not getting up on time for class in the morning 😒 😞 #justwannasleep #wakemeupwhenitsmay #goodnight 💤 
i apologize to all my big bitches for betraying yall :( 
i think i have a poor blood flow . only my pinkies are numb and freezing . :( 
i'm so upset right now .... idk why i'm even crying .... 😭 
USERNAME dont do which one ? lol i think i wanna stay . :( this has been my dream school since i could remember ! d: 
another trip in to see the parents .... another tearful ride home :-( 
i guess i' m probly gunna cry tonight </3 ;'( 
#confessionnight one time USERNAME walked up to hug me and i punched him instead ... 😥 
why does everyone have tomorrow off but hartford doesn't ? :( 
even though i actually spent time on this ap lang , mr smink won't be pleased . #sigh 😒 😔 😖 
what the hell is up with me today ! 😣 
bored , USERNAME fell aslee and i wanted to hang with him :( 
if i was in dr right now id be chilling instead of being home cuddling with my damn bed 😭 😑 #imissdr 😔 
is opening up to a girl how u feel is a bad . because girls like to be 2 face . how can i trust these days ? 😞 
that feeling when you haven't worn your retainer in a long time and just now puts it on :( <<< 
#confessionnight i regret what i said and want you back 😞 
USERNAME ohh ahwws i'm sowrry , i really hope it gets better . :c 
USERNAME hahahah i had to spin move y'all because y'all wouldn't let me play with my new friends 😔 
after working all weekend it now hurts to walk :( #wahh 
“USERNAME what is fun about running out of m&m's so fast ? 😢 URL what up ma ? i'm up all night ! keep me company 
haven't talked to USERNAME in over 24 hours , ahh ! 😦 
my room is so cold . my feet are freezing . :( 
time to stare at the ceiling for the rest of the night #fml #cantsleep 
USERNAME hahahaha why you being mean i don't want to play anymore ! hahah 😔 
USERNAME idt my gf is gona let me get it until christmas :( ((( 
i feel a sore throat coming 😔 no no no no . 
i feel dumb not knowing davids b day i feel like a bad gf now :( 
USERNAME i knoow :( if it comes after i leave and before my mom gets home i'm leaving a note on the door saying it's okay to leave it haha 
when semester is over i pray i don't have to work extra bcs i'm exhausted :( 
i wish i was home so my mother could take care of me . 😷 😔 
its cold outside ! my bones are not happy :( @ east pasadena URL 
USERNAME i'm good , just really bored :( what are you doing ? 
i hope its nothing major ... with my luck it is :( 
USERNAME .... :( i love u tho , why u been mean 
sometimes i regret us , sometimes i wish we never went different ways🏃🙍 #myidiot 😶 😔 
USERNAME :( gonna go cry myself to sleep . thanks USERNAME 
gonna be tired as hell later on at school :( 
#confessionnight i really really really want a relationship again . 👌🙏 💔 😕 😑 😞 😒 #foreveralone #thecatman lol 
i wish i had a boyfriend to talk to when i'm feeling sad or upset 😔 #foreveralone my best friend wont text back and i know she's up 😒 #pissed 
25 miles away from baytown and my bed . absolutely exhausted . gotta wake up at 7 am :( 
i wanna text my ex so bad . but i know i shouldn't .... :( 
USERNAME oh yeah , huge mistake . :( and , i still miss keith . lol 
the morning reminds me of festival international last year . 😔 😔 😔 
same here rt USERNAME i haven't been this sick in years .. so sick that my entire body is weak :( 
if #oomf don't text me backk ! ! ! 😔 👊 
#confessionnight i really am going to miss a majority of my senior class after we graduate .. 😞 
so cute but you're a slut .. 😰 😥 😪 #thestruggle . 
shit 91% cuban mean 91% crazy-___- got played like a fuck yo :( i always end up like that 
why would you lock your tweets ? now i can't rt you :( 
need my best friends :( USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #sobored #cantsleep 
i always manage to think of every stressful thing in my life right around bedtime :( #nosleep 
i just really want to go see the nutcracker guys :( 
quite often i find myself wishing i was in elementary school again . not having any responsibility ... why did i want to grow up so fast ? 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i've already missed so much 😞 haven't even seen one game . 
what the heck did i get myself into ... 😦 
USERNAME i still wanna rode 1 atles once .... ride wit me #poutface 😞 
USERNAME it really is ! i miss all you all ! :( like alot ! ! 
#teamsad i have to leave tomorrow 😔 it's been real columbus 
yup new tires and they catch no fuckin grip . #tractioncontrol #fml 
#confessionnight i been home 3 weeks & still ain't seen USERNAME :( 
wellp , USERNAME is studying . looks like i'll be braving this first winter-ish night; freezing and alone . 😢 😢 💔 
#confessionnight i wouldn't have any idea what i would do with out my gma . and i'm diein . inside knowing she's not in good health at all :( 
#confenssionnight i'm not gonna be the same for a while 😞 
#confessionnight i act like stuff that people say to me doesn't bother me , but really i overthink it and cry about it later when i'm alone 😔 
i baught him weed and shoes and he was mean to me . 😔 
USERNAME that's terrible ! ! ! ! wow ! poor things :-( no certain ones aren't bad . i found out i was positive for tb that way which was good ! 
😣 🔫 and that's how i feel about waking up in 6 hrs for my 8 am #goodnight 
#confessionnight even though i'm single i have someone on mind 😔 
USERNAME oh .. no you never told me so i just been over here blowing you up all weekend 😞 lmao ! 
my phone keeps telling me charging isn't acceptable with this accessory .. is my charger #fml #brokeniphone #pleasecharge 
#confessionnight i only shaved one leg in the shower . 😔 🔫 
my team texans squad up but my mood 😒 😞 
USERNAME oh heyy go me ! ! ! ! haha you aren't a hoarder . i really want food :( ( 
USERNAME awh come here bb :( :* i wish i wasn't lieing either 
USERNAME 😞 you can txt me if you want to 
USERNAME then that means there isn't gonna be any left 😔 🔫 
i feel so lonely because of USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 
i think i have poor blood circulation . lately only my pinkies go numb and are freezing :( 
me and my bby USERNAME need to hang out i miss her so much i haven't seen her since like 2 months ago :-( 
USERNAME happy to be home…sad to be away from my friends :( 
damn now your gonna tweet pure corny shit 😔 🔫 
i just want that one person i can talk to about anything back ... 😔 
i hate USERNAME lmao ! ! he hacked my account :( 
USERNAME damnn ): i wanted to go to your next game if you guys would've won ! ): 
USERNAME 😩 i am not retarded uncle ! ! ! ! ! 😠 and whhy noot i only want one of 2 things ! ! ! ! ! 😞 and they're both like $20 😣 
i hate when luke's parents ground him . i feel lonely and anything anyone says about there boyfriend makes me think of him in a way 😔 
it's not a party if there's no alcohol . 😔 
i really don't like salvadorean tamales that much😷 but there's 88 in my fridge 😒 😷😩 😭 
i dont even have friends at rivera :( waah #2semester 
i wish USERNAME wasn't always werking or always tired cause he's kind of my only friend that's down to chill wheneva 😔 💔 #lonertweet 
why did the loft have to go :( too many memories there . and now gray and card gone . what happens next ? i can't wait another week #burnnotice 
i just want to shop online to ease my pain and my fucking debit card won't work 💔 😭 
i wanna play sing ! but everyone's asleep and i don't wanna wake em up . 😞 
i might have to take english 101 again , next semester :( #confessionnight 
you were my jack , & i was your rose .. 😢 #titanic 
a recipe for when you can't sleep :c hannel orange , tumblr , markers , sketch book , candles , comfy place , & tea . 
USERNAME ahh jaja no lo hagas soy sentimental :( jekdkeidkd si lo hace chao . 
it's freezing in my room ! these maintenance people need to get here asap ! i can't live like this :( 
seriously i've been trying to fall asleep for 45 minutes #fml 
USERNAME that's the absolute worst ! i'm so sorry .. :( 
i like you . a lot . but i kinda like a few other people , i feel like i'm way too flirty of a person to be in a relationship ... 😔 🔫 
USERNAME mcdonalds now ! ! ! ! ! ! i want an egg nog shake 😔 
if heaven wasn't so far , if heaven wasn't so far , if heaven wasn't so far away , so far away , so farr awayy 🙏 😢 
i love the cold . i just wished it snowed in vegas on the regular 😞 
for some reason i feel a lot more bummed out for not going to mexico this year . its going to be 3yrs since ive gone ! #sadtweet #randomtweet 
USERNAME good night ! i missed you today too 😔 can’t wait to see you soon 😊 💖 
USERNAME USERNAME shutup bitch , you played and was good , then you quit on me :( 
USERNAME ahh , molgy ! ! i mish that :( 
piercing pain in my stomach and a 💔 , please let me rest easy tonight 🙏💤 
USERNAME aw ! :c is he all by himself ! 
USERNAME i cant even do it :( and im a girl :'''( 
behind the 🎤 USERNAME 😪 😥 i'm from checotah & moved 2 tx recently . i miss oklahoma ! there's no place like home URL 
USERNAME and now it won't stop burning ! :( btw ... miss you 😞 
i have to be up in a couple hours :( 
what i'm missing out on right now :( USERNAME URL 
scared to go to sleep after watching the walking dead 😭 😨 
i miss having someone to stay up late with .. 😔 
USERNAME no :( they are both in la . it's not a tour , just two final shows . i got to see them twice on the last us tour last year at least . 
#confessionnight i still remember to this day when USERNAME and her mom made fun of the way i say ice because it sounds like ass smh 😞 😔 
this doesn't make any sense ... i'm just bored 😔 
thank you seahawks for another great win sorry USERNAME your bears went down :-( 
USERNAME i was there late . i got all excited 😢 
USERNAME rory order them for me cause he thinks i want to eat both . 😞 
just wanna be loved . who doesn't ? 😔 😥 😰 
the weekend goes by so fast i don't have any time to enjoy it . #sadtweet 
USERNAME yeah , but i dont think i can go tomorrow :( im down for next weekend ! haha 
USERNAME i know right ? ! 😭 it feels like you live in a whole other world 😩 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME work :( i've been trying to work as much as i can cause my work is closing & i gotta find another job :| 
wahh my phone is off , and tommorow is my birthday . :c 😰 
USERNAME i miss you , sockerbit , the ability to jump across town in minutes , sharply dressed wall streeters , and obv USERNAME :( 
USERNAME why wouldn't you stay ? :( eh doing better . have a job interview tomorrow . ^__^ 
back on taking my meds again ... uggh . 😔 sleep now . 😴 
getting bored and looking up foodporn on instagram ... what life has come to #smh # 😔 
USERNAME lol me and felicia were seriously holding each other and crying 😢 😣 😲 
so mad i didn't bring a usb to work today >.< #fml 
i think my phone is going crazy . 😔 😖 
USERNAME aww i'm so sorry :( hope it gets better soon 
reading that really did 💔 💔 big time #thanks #oomf 
when people go to sleep early , and your up alone :( 
the perfect way to fuck up my night 😢 👌 thanks 
i wish USERNAME was here . my room is so empty without you 😔 
#confessionnight i hate the way people be treating USERNAME but i never say or do anything about it 😔 😞 
just finished engineering lab , time for my bio lab 😞 
USERNAME 😩oh no ! so there's way i can contact her ? 😢 
#conefessionnight i think justin bieber is being a little bitch about his break up ! # 😭 
uugghh .. could yall please free my bae . i miss he .. ! ! :'( 
#confessionnight i hate living so far away from friends ... and after i move , ill be even farther away ... :( 
why did i decide to go to school for med ? now what ? #obamacare #tcot #fml 
i drew a heart on her window , and then she rolled it down :( now it's a </3 URL 
yeah hes gonna be out , im so bummed :-( rt USERNAME USERNAME what ! ! 
i wonder which day of this week i will experience my ultimate breaking point . because it is bound to happen . just hoping it's not monday 😣 💔 
its one person icant get over , ion kno why doe 💁 😔 
the situation i'm going trough right now is the same i went through 4 years ago ... like damn wtf is my luck ! 💔 
USERNAME then why am i coming ill be a cock blocker :( ! ! ! i want one of his friends to be there c; 
USERNAME USERNAME i was looking at old pictures from when you guys were still here :( wah 
that moment when you try and beg yourself to stop crying , in order to be strong ... 💔 😔 😢 😞 
staying up late and dying the next day in school 😣 
USERNAME it won't last long . it's supposed to get cold again . :( 
i fucking hate when i don't know if someone's tweeting about me or if its just a coincidence 😭 😕 😔 
USERNAME noo ! i’m just starting the series :( when does it go south ? 
USERNAME they prob wont let you take it off anymore :( they said that dean said we can only take one holiday off , so thks giving or xmas 
i don't get no love in my dm ... 😢 
if i had a boyfriend i wouldn't feel so lonely .. too bad only old men with hooks for hands like me 😔 
to sleep , or not to sleep . that is the question . 😣 😴 😲 
it's crazy how things in life can change instantly , rest in paradise 😢 
cannot stress enough my hatred for my monday class 😠 😭 😩😤 
USERNAME no i'm not :( i'm gonna be stuck here foreverr . actually i'm just waiting until my lease is over . i can't do this i'm scared 
she ain't 😪 ova no 🙅 👨 she ain't 😥 weak mane typa bitch put a real👨 on his 👞 mane 
i fucken miss my brother 😭 hope he's having fun in australia if he's still there . #fuckdeployment #marines #wahh 
USERNAME work and school and work and school . :( 
#confessionnight i think justin bieber is being a little bitch about his break up ! # 😭 
hot shower , warm kitty , hot tea . only missing one thing . :( 
USERNAME bring me one please , mine's got messed up :( 
ugh .. i seriously hate how he can put me down . #smh .. :( 
USERNAME ....... so idk why we were friends on fb or why i wasn't following you i feel douchey :( 
i dont like my meatballs touching my spaghetti :c URL 
didnt know her past but if i did in the beginning i wouldn't even have kissed you #lowkeysalty 😒 😞 
i ain't mean ta hurt demetric feelins :( i feel lika bad friend 
laura tweet didn't help me at all #storyofmylife 😔 😔 😔 
wish i was at USERNAME for USERNAME tn ! :( why do i have to work tomorrow ! ? ! ? 
it's something that i gotta get off my chest but i think it should be left unsaid cause its gone hurt ah heart or mines :( 
when USERNAME falls asleep on the phone and i have to be quiet>>><<< i can't make my tea now :( lol 
USERNAME yes ! please , yes ! just tell me when ! i love you ernest and my heart really needs a friend ! i am very lonely ! :( 
i miss my nephew . wish i was home holding him right now 😔 
i tagged myself in my last tweet .. , #fml 
ugh bet he gone say i'm playing with him 😔 
i always asked for an easy bake oven go like every christmas and never got one 😔 
i totes just ruined this episode of walking dead . i'm sorry USERNAME :'( mama will buy you chik fil a lol 
USERNAME i saw a guy at the mall who looked like you & i kept saying junior but .. he didn't look so i don't think it was you lmfao :( 
no school tomorrow but ima be glued to this mac book :( ! ! 
wow at least i can say i tried , whatever i guess ... 👎 😔 
USERNAME are you really out of stock for the full length ? :( 
USERNAME i wish :( i have work but i'll see when i can get out 
and lion king ! ! so he better have a big box of tissues for the scene where mufasa dies 😣 😢 😭 
feel like i just caught a mean right hook to the body .. ✌ 😔 
all i want to do is go home , i'm in a horrible mood 😞 
so cold & lonely :( ugh idk wat to do .... smh USERNAME i wish u knew my heart ... its clearly always have and always will be urz .. smh 
USERNAME you hug USERNAME naked but you don't hug me ! ? shadyy 😔 🌑 
just blew a giant bubble and it popped all over my facee #sweetone #fml 
USERNAME & USERNAME left me for USERNAME and mainor :( #sadtweet 😢 
kickoff next week is at 11:21 am USERNAME prepare yourself to wake up super early 😞 
i like never see my friends anymore . #sadtweet 😥 😰 
it like depresses me that everyone knows USERNAME now , i thought i was gonna have him to myself forever and ever and ever 😭 💔 
USERNAME r u ok ? i'm sorry people are haters :( love ya 
turning my phone off tonight , since nobody loves me :( 
USERNAME :( (((( URL this made me sad i thought this show was legit 
USERNAME haha forreal tho . but i miss you ! ! :( 
stressful day tomorrow , and this extra stress isnt helping 😔 👎 
USERNAME wanted to hear about you kicking her ass . #fml 
i could really use a freaking smile :( ! #pissed #fxckoff #annoyed 
man its lighting outside ... perfect time for cuddling :( ! ! ! ! 
love saving homework & studying until the last minute .. #fml 
i would submit my biology paper in my course class by accident . ugh .... 😔 #oops ! 
USERNAME your teleporting skills aren't working remember ? ! 😭 
really crying wishing i was going to be there ! :( i hate that i can't go but rich people that don't even like him can go if they please :( ☹ 
USERNAME the bus was like 15 minutes late and it's pouring :c 
USERNAME lol why it was only nice one day and i didn't get to see deserei 😔 
i just noticed , USERNAME never gave me a massage 😔 😒 😒 
USERNAME i can't see that emoji </3 my phone is being stupid >;((( 
ugh why are girls so damn complicated ? ? ! > :[ 
USERNAME ok you need i put a goo word in for me . i miss serving soo much i wanna cry 😭 
USERNAME aawwh maan😩 😭 😩 😭 😩 😭 😩 😭 
you're still everything to me , but i guess one month in silence has made you realize i was never anything to you . :( 
i feel like USERNAME is super salty with me cuz nothing was poppin saturday night :( 
USERNAME i told you which bar i was at ! ! ! you left before i got there , not my fault :( 
“USERNAME i wish i had a after my tweets :( 
USERNAME it's the only way u talk ... you don't text me anymore :( 
USERNAME called back ? ? i havent gotten anything my phone is dumb :( 
my tl consists of me tweeting nonsense , #joeyhalfspeed bullying #shanabananahan , and all of my coworkers trying to make them stop 😔 #therock 
my bestfriend jay use to be my late night talking partner :( 
i wish sumbody would txt me .. #sigh 😕 hate bein so lonely in this damn state ! #fml 2times ! 
i have the best grandparents and miss them a lot right now . 😥 🌍 URL 
USERNAME i tried to send you like a 5 page long birthday text but imessage won't deliver it 😢 
USERNAME i want to but i can barely keep my eyes open :( 
USERNAME nope it's all my boys work . u should thank him 😞 
when USERNAME tells me i'm not his best friend anymore :'( 
USERNAME omg ! ik ours will end soon too ... :( idk what i'm gonna do ... 
i won't be able to see breaking dawn part 2 for my birthday :( and it comes out on my birthday -.- 
i wished i could wake & bake tomorrow but ion have nobody to do it with :( 
i miss having a best girl friend to be with 24/7, stay the night on school nights , and to always talk to about everything . 😔 
listening to haley's issues , in front of USERNAME 's house ☹ USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME 
USERNAME but i want like some mexican food tho ): 
4 hours working on my chem study guide and i am not even a third of the way there :( 
USERNAME i miss you more 😩 😭 come back to federal way ! 
#confessionnight i am happy that USERNAME is single now but i feel more bad for him :'( #poorbaby . u ho USERNAME 
did you know you were my first time , a new feel ? it'll never get old , not in my soul , not in my spirit . i'll keep it alive . #np 💔 
i want yumilicious frozen yogurt .. too bad i'm lactose intolerant </3 
monday does not exist 😣 😣 😣 goodnight @ my bed 💆 URL 
USERNAME you did not let me win ... that's all i'm saying right now homie 😦 ✋ 😾 
USERNAME well yeah ! and that was true until now since you claim to be more of a wolf than me -.- like who gave you the right to say that ! :( 
USERNAME well you didn't answer my phone call or give me a phone call back and i called twice :( 
#confessionnight i have a fear of never finding her .. 💔 
USERNAME i tried messaging you back but i don't think it'll go through :( 
no matter how direct and your thoughts may be , your heart still knows the raw truth #notoverit 💔 ✨ 
baby skye don't fuck with me nomore :( #thoughtwewasbestfriends </3 
my poor toes are too cold again ! ! ! 😞 
USERNAME it's on a wed though hmm yeah def gotta figure something out . but i mean miguel and trey ... i'd die 😵 💔 #heartattack 
i wish i had someone to teach me how to play all of these different video games that are out 😔 
thank you hp ! ! webcam is fixed but too late to skype with bestie :( 
not feeling good ! :( i don't want to go to school tomorrow -.- 
definitely felt good to see adrienne , it's been so long and i missed that thug . i wish she didn't have to go back though 😔 USERNAME 
USERNAME i get like all those symptoms dude ! :( u kno i hate mc d’s . well i bought fries , a mc chicken & an apple pie ! 😶 lol . 
does anyone know how depressing it is to have to leave wisconsin drive 6 hours , just to return to kentucky ... 😒 😞 
USERNAME ugh i know , no one loves me :c 
my back is kiilliing me right now omg 😭 😩 
i want USERNAME to notice my tweets :( #madloveforwaka #bsm 
being freezing without him here to cuddle with me :( <<<<<< 
r i p to the girl i used to be . her days are over . </3 
USERNAME USERNAME you kill me ! you know you do you kill me 🐋 you liket to and i can tell ! 💔 💀 😭 
it's times like these when i really wish you would call me and say goodnight . i like your voice . especially when i'm stressed . 😔 
#confessionnight i tried to kill myself after my son died last april :( i just couldn't deal 
USERNAME is soo mean ! she makes fun of me for not having food :( then eats in front of my face 
weeds is my obsession . only have to finish 10 more episodes until its all over :'( 
this nyquil got me fucked up , gonna sleep good but i'm sick :( 
USERNAME on my old phone not on this one :'( 
USERNAME what's i miss u ! ! ! 😩 😓 💔 
USERNAME fine break my heart like that then .... 😞 lol 
USERNAME i am an eagle scout and i’ve though many times about returning my award , but i always wuss out at the last second . :( 
five ? me too ! but for something less cool than drill team , trust me . all the homework i haven't done this weekend .... :( 
i'm fucking bad with expressing myself without saying it wrong 😔 
whooa hold da eff up a contraction ... ! ! ! ! ): && im pissinq not good 
i don't understand why i'm a jealous person ... 😔 
my phone just hung up on USERNAME ... but it cut all the way off :-( 
USERNAME you are too busy for me now wahh :( 
i've been really fucking sad at night lately cause i've been missing tf outta someone when the feeling isn't even mutual . man wtf 😔 😣 
you know the worlds gonna end when i don't have donuts , shit got real :( 
im so sad rite ! :( she thinks i was ignoring her USERNAME 
its like leaving home after not being around for so long .. rough . i'll hope to be back soon . :( 
when you feel so tired but you can't sleep :( #bothersome 
i have lost all hope for mankind . i'm pretty sure the vast majority are idiots ... #depressed 
USERNAME 😢 i'm coming to see you in boone and bringing my new friensies 
you're the hardest person to creep on and i want to creep on you the most . #seriously #imissyourface 😢 
i feel how i feel in my pic on here right now ... no hesitation just pull the mental trigger 😵 😲 😑 😞 fuuck 
this is the time of the year where i miss my papa the most 😢 #imissyoumorethananything #iwantyouback 💔 
nasty fuck right here i don't want to know 😣 😷😫🙊💩 URL 
it's crazy how many things can run through your head to make a minute feel like a lifetime . #anxious 😣 
#confessionnight i give advice i don't follow . i always feel i'm bothering people . when a guy looks at me i automatically think he thinks 😧 
USERNAME dnt curse at me i understand ... 😭 this is a rockey relationship ... 
this headache isn't lettin me go to sleep ! )) ): 
math is gonna come too early in the morning . 😢 
i miss him soo soo much ! ! ! ! ! 😔 URL 
conditioning at 615 is gunna come way to early ... #fml #doinwork 
juss finished watchn the very last episode of martin tht shxt was so funnii but sad at da end :( 
these noises are tripping me out USERNAME 👀 😳 😳 😣 😣 
for my birthday all i want is to go on a huge shopping spree at victoria's secret :( 
USERNAME lol trust me it can't be as boring as what i'm studying right now 😔 
i wish i was in va this veteran's day 😣 
i wish i could be there for marivel ❤ 😥 
i hate that i miss all my old best friends . #sadtweet #ignoreme #pmsing 😩 
uhh don't feel like driving all the way back to my parent's house in mukwonago 😔 
it's only been a week , but ohh how i miss you 😢 
666 & revenge , i just can't wait another 7 days :( #addicting 
USERNAME eww sami ! wtf ! no one wants to know that ! 😣 
trust and believe by keyshia cole is chris theme song for me ... 💔 
yes mom i showered and used soap this time now can i please be let out of the house :( ((( URL 
im only tweeting because i'm by myself and there's no one to talk to # :( ready for next semester #newroomate 
USERNAME nasty fuck right here i don't want to know 😣 😷😫 USERNAME URL 
USERNAME i hace so much to tell you :( #notgood 
forgot how much the notebook makes me cry 😢 #iwantnoah #thisisunrealistic 
im so good at giving advise but i cnt even take my own 😔 
USERNAME i hope soo ... matthew kicked me in the head while he was wearing roller skates :( 
USERNAME i only said that cuz you did that today ? don't get it ? 😧 💖 
next time i won't even bother , or even make eye contact .. 😔 
i miss how our relationship use to be ! ! 💔 💔 
knowing that there is no way it will look that good in the morning :( 
and on top of that my allergies are acting up . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME people like you make me want to cry :( 
USERNAME man fuck that sucks :( i have to get new brakes , new side mirror , a new bumper , and there are two engine lights on .. fml 
who's chilling with us tonight ? ? ? nobody ok :( 
g(gammas ): we are pretty in pink , perfect in purple . we may cause captivating , jealousy , envy and an occasionally #1990 
USERNAME i don't even know how this would work though , seeing as im like an hour away from your ass' #iwannagothough :( 
ahh it was such a good weekend , i'm not ready for it to be monday . #sadday 
my grandpa has been gone for going on 5 months and it still seems like a dream . i miss having someone that was always proud of me . </3 
USERNAME awe that would be perfect :( i'm already on my way 
i just want my back rubbed . USERNAME where you at ? 😭 
i'm super upset that i live in a city that is full of ugly ass females 😢 
my motto is l . l . t.t f . no matter what happens ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! btw l . l . t.t . f . means live life to the fullest ! ! ! ! ! 
i have a headache , my face hurts , & i want to go to sleep . #plottwist : my neighbor decides to practice his tuba . #fml 
USERNAME g(gammas ): we are pretty in pink , perfect in purple . we may cause captivation , jealousy , envy and an occasionally #1990 
no phone ): lord what am i gonna do ! ? 
rule5(universaltruth ): if she doesn't text you within 24 hours after a date ... she isn't into you bro #done #holla 
why does it have to be monday ? ? ? 😞 😩😫 😭 #ihateschool 
have to wake wake up in 5 hours . great 😔 
USERNAME damnn girl i'm sorry :( hope you feel better ! ! 
i feel like shit v.v but she seems to care about how i feel x) aha means alot 
USERNAME ohh 😒 damn it ! ! ! ! ! you made me admit my sin 😔 lol 
USERNAME lol ! i'm sure you guys did ! i would be scuured too ! your parents scare me sometimes 😭 😣 😖 
when my bf doesn't let me bite him <<<<<< tf babe ? :( 
USERNAME USERNAME yeah bitch you take my 💵💵💰💰 :( #ineedlunch 
#confessionnight i don't even know what's going on with us at this point . 😔 
in the past couple of weeks , weeknights are the hardest to sleep ... due to having nobody by my side 😔 
USERNAME i have a research paper due tuesday .... 😞 #sorrypal 
i already know who i want ! its just the matter of getting them is where i'm shit out of luck . :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ugh i miss you advisory fam 😭 
i hate when my fellow african americans subtweet me 😔 
my cat doesn't sleep on my bed unless i'm fully clothed #fuckinggoodietwoshoes :( 
for not being able to see my girl everyday </3 
USERNAME i miss you too :( we need a girls night ! asap ! lol love you <3 
i work 10 hours tomorrow too . nice . 😭 
just realized that after those two purchases , i won't have basically anything left to buy others presents . # :( 
wished y'all mf's would stop calling me taliaa .. i hate that name :( 
USERNAME USERNAME i did , damn these 140 characters :( 
i nvr got 2 come :( somethin come up ... :( #sobusy 
when someone passes away , i always read things people write on their facebooks . i wouldn't know what to do if i lost a friend 😔 
but not gunna start getting my hopes up :( ima give it timee 
USERNAME i'm so jealous , omg 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i miss you too raquel ! :( but screw your emojis lol 
USERNAME no :( my games were stolen .. im left with mw3 
fml . i'm tired & my boyfriend can't sleep . he's wide awake & playing zombies #fml #needssleep 
i wish my two bestfriends went to msu too :( USERNAME USERNAME :( wahh 
__too many things all at once:::: 😖 can't sleep ! ! 😞 ugh ! 😒 
we're not putting up christmas decorations this year .... :( 
dang it ! i missed being able to make a wish at 11:11 on 11/11 :( 
USERNAME my luck it will be rainy and windy tomorrow 😔 
every time i go on twitter some girl is always lol i wonder what's so annoying no one ever annoys me lol 😔 
smh rt USERNAME sometimes i wish i had someone to sleep with at night 😭 😭 😭 #foreveralone ” 
if my phone doesn't start working soon ... i am gonna freak out .... wtf :( 
why must we eat the most when bored ! :( #fatt 
#backtodecember USERNAME just came on ... really just got sad ): 
#confessionnight girls with no buns make me sad . . . :-( 
USERNAME i miss my 3 too ! ! i shaw do think about ya a lot now ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME god i wish u were here to help me with all of this ! 😭 idk wtf to do anymore . everything happening at once . 
message me numbaas , i lost all contacts when i got my new phone . 😥 
god its really hard , to tell someone happy birthday that isnt here on earth anymore . why couldnt u just put ur seat belt on ! never said bye :( 
, i will never give my heart to another boy </3 .. 
USERNAME not quite .. i have surgery to fix my wrist tomorrow ): 
halff the time , i waiste my time ! ! ): 
uh , i hate how over priced clothes are ! ! ! 😢 
i guess i was rushed ... :c i hate this sometimes i just feel like moving schools ... for the best of everyone 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME is this true ? :( such a great weekend rt 
you only live once , so just go fucking nuts . #suicidesilence rest in peace mitch :( 
i can't cope with hearing about teenage suicide . 😔 
i need quarters to dry my laundry ... :( #collegekidprobs 
i can't even move ): i wanna cry .. laying down next to my closet , bad cramps effyou mother nature . 
my bestfriend ❤ , words can't explain how much i love her . </3 i hope she's okay . sucks not knowing what's going on 😔 URL 
i want to play the violin 🎻 😞 wish i had one of my own . 
#confessionnight i have a really hard time telling people how i feel so it's like all bottled up inside and sometimes i blow up 😔 
i always die a little in side knowing that i never said goodbye to you 😣 
USERNAME it wasnt lori ! it was a zombie that ate lori's body ! thats why rick was so angry and started stabbing it . so sad :( (( 
i was smart until i became a drunk :-( but i been sober for 2 months 
holy crap my quince was 4 years ago .. woah how time flies by 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME , i don't have the feeling to attend the class tomorrow :( 
USERNAME lol aww , its okay .. ur not alone 🙌 😿 
i realized i text more sealy people thank bellville people 😦 
just realized that my left shoulder lost about a inch or 2 in width .. #fml 
USERNAME 😔 noo . u should've seen me . i didn't do it on purpose ! 
i miss the rescuers *sighs* what i would do to be 5 again 😔 
USERNAME i miss you :( i haven't seen you in soo long </3 
work in the a . m :( but basketball game later so it'll be fine ! 
USERNAME dont remind me , you're making me cry :'( 
our adventures are endless , we can do whatever we want . no matter what it is ❤ 😔 URL 
todos me dan miedo , mas esos orribles temblores odio eso :c 
USERNAME lmfao joey you kill me . 😭 goodnight fag . 😘 ✌ ♥ 
USERNAME USERNAME , dic . 7 sin falta ! ! ! :-( 
USERNAME no ! wtf stop thatvhurts my feelings calling her those names so stop :( 
working on this final project proposal (and just life , in general ): URL #gradschoolproblems 
i need to delete some messages on facebook . jeez . reading old messages is bringing up old memories that i'm trying to forget . 😔 😞 😣 
nothing says #fml like toasting a bagel , and then forgetting you toasted it and then coming back to it 20 minutes later to find it rock hard 
#confessionsnight i'm afraid that you'll forget about me , move on without me , or give up on me #pleasedont #illfixthings #imworthit 😔 😞 😭 
i was outside for a solid 5 seconds running to my car and i never want to be as cold as i just was ever again 😳 😭 😵 👎☁❄⛄🌀 
USERNAME that is a very good question ! ! i moved to cali 😔 but its never too late ! 
even on a rainy day </3 i just feel like crying . ///: URL 
joey bought wendy a growlers tix to la . im so jelous ): i want a a boyfriend to go to shows with ! 
my stomach is growling louder than i can scream right now :( 
maybe that's why i'm not friends with a lot of people 😔 
can finally go to sleep ! ! #goodnight to whoever is reading this ! ! 😔 💤 
don't think ive ever been this sick and in this much pain 😭 😭 😭 #souncomfortable #sopainful #actuallysobbing 
on the floor ): i can't move wahh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ): fml ): < URL 
USERNAME i do business there , so yes . 😔 
USERNAME stop ! ! dont say that ! :( ( your so cute ! ! 
i wanted to have a movie night too .. but #oomf didn't invite me :( 
my puppy is sleeping with USERNAME instead of me 😩 #heartbroken 💔 
USERNAME i know </3 i'd do anything to get them back . 
hey ! ! ! it's a condition ! ! ! ! you weren't supposed to tell anyone . :( confidential . 
if only i could get more sleep and not have these bags .. ): URL 
got here right after USERNAME sang as antony was leaving :'( but whatever bitches dance 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME this fuckin traffic to see both of you 😩😩😩 😭 😭 😭 URL 
that's not what i wanted to hear tonight :( everything was so good last night ... ugh 
i really wanna go to a ravens game 😔 #brokebitchprobs 
USERNAME are you okay ? ? what happened ? so worried about ya :( 
that awkward moment wen you're chillin in your room and then your sister tells you the car is on fire out front 😧 scariest moment ever . 
tomorrow night is going to suck 😣 🔫 #dancekinesiologytest #procrastination #shouldbestudyingrightnow #iwouldrathersleep #toomanyhashtags 
i'm gonna be soo so so sad when she leaves me tomorrow :( 
#confessionnight , this single life isnt for me . # :( 
#confessionnight i am honestly worrying right now . worrier problems ): 
USERNAME because my dad lives out here and i wanted to get out of the small town and adventure but i'm ready to be back in kansas 😔 😭 😑 
assjeldpvnelcitmxlaj . i really want to fall asleep right now . 😥 
all i want is for you to come and cuddle me . :( maybe in my dreams tonight it'll come true #missinghim 
i wonder when i'm ever going to see USERNAME again ! 😥 👎 💔 😩 
damn i been eating like a fatass for the past week . i needa get back on that workout grind asap 😞 
USERNAME like me with no power for 4 days :( but we didn't have any flooding in my area it was mostly trees falling down and no power . 
yoo was fukkin round and just now gettn n da crib ... aint had a protein shake and gotta cook dinner #fml 
just noticed i still have a splinter ... :( USERNAME USERNAME 
out me , breaks my heart ! i would love to be in her life . 😢 
USERNAME yay ! ugh charr ! i miss you you never on anymore :( i know your busy but i miss my sister ! ;( 
no one loves me i have zero messages in my phone :( i hate you all 
cough medicine ... check ! vic's vapor rub ... check ! humidifier ... check ! yep , the cold season is here ! poor jai man :-( 
gotta get up in 5 hours .. guess i should go to bed now 😭 
dnt wanna get in my feelins tonite .... soo #nomusic :( 
i think im blind #panicking 😳 😳 😳 😣 😣 ⚠⚠⚠ 
my jacket shrunk . now i think its too small .... :( i wanna cry 
USERNAME but romo ! i thought we were forever . i know i fucked up :( i'm sorry . another chance please ? i won't disappoint you ! 
i miss USERNAME so much i'm using her soundcloud as background music while i do hw . it's like having her right next to me . 😭 😭 😭 
but i can't sleep without my puppy ! 😭 💔 😭 💔 
USERNAME i moved and didn't put my two weeks in :( so i'm not a potential re-hire :( an haha you think so 
USERNAME - lies ! you hate me and i know it . that's why you haven't talked to me in a while . oop ! #justsayin 😔 
oh yea ? USERNAME f u nigga , i like to eat too :-( 
you'd think i'd learn ... lactose intolerant+ milk = 😣 
USERNAME raisinn smells too :( i just lysol my room n wash my sheets alot 
missing my baby ejmont :'( @ i love you elijah URL 
no one told me it was 11:11 11/11 yesterday 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME <<<<<< :'( yo bitch dirty all n USERNAME dm talkin bout he gotta big dick hoes des days i tell you 
my mom just came in my room and wrestled me for my blanket ) ): 
USERNAME i know ! i can't believe i miss sunday 🏈 ! but i was on call and had to work 😢 ! but it was ok because the pack didn't play today ! ! 
USERNAME wahh why can't we be neighbors ? i'm so lonely 😥 
football game friday , work all day saturday , induction ceremony today , plus 11hrs of homework . 😔 📝💤📖 #imadeit #barely #exhausted 
mejor dormire * q diosito nos guarde & nos proteja 100pre* :c 
heeyy . brendan was supposed to skype me tonight too ... wahh ): 
USERNAME thank goodness . i war worries for a second :( 
so tired but at the same time i'm not 😅 someone talk to me lol bored 😢 
&& though it hasn't been the same as it used to be ... it still feels like he's taking with him , a big part of me 😰 💔 
had a good time but still mad wtf ... ugh w . e ig it's over .. over some wack ass shit ... :'( 
USERNAME my life was based off my fake profile :'( 
i remember when blowing off the candles to my bday cake was easy , i have too much to wish this time #sadtweet 
someone stole my nutella . out of my purse . #fml 
somebody come keep me warm . ): *cough cough* sidney 
this girl snapchatted me a picture of beautiful eyes yesterday , sorry i didn't snap back 😔 
USERNAME watever dude ! u jus ddnt wanna talk to me :( 
#confessionnight i use to think i could sing a lil bit til mel said otherwise 😔 lol 
USERNAME this is a #sadtweet bruh but damn it's true 
USERNAME hmm well since you ask lol naw im jp but i was trying to see if you did the quiz for class i studied the wrong chapters :( 
juvane doesnt care that im dieng & neither does tkeyhia :( tf 
USERNAME USERNAME yep ! ! lost custody to both my daughters in that one :( miss u little lady ! ! i tweeted kory but he didn't reply :( 
USERNAME my messages aren't sending 😠 but i would come but i don't have a ride 😔 
i miss my girls :( but USERNAME birthday is in two motherfucking days ! ! getting stupid high & stupid drunk ! ! ! we out ! 
going to bed ... and you're not by my side :( #imu 
USERNAME i just left today :( haha i wanna go back already 
charlie st . cloud is seriously the saddest movie 😭 # 
USERNAME jk ill make you some good ass chicken wings , or ribs ... damn i'm making myself hungry :c 
i'm trying to enjoy my godzilla movie and i start having cramps 😣 😡 never fails come to mother nature 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( i know how it feels , but your stronger than i am ! let me know if you need anything ! #iloveyou #staystrong 
free alakay ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME but ... but if we tell her we wuv her and that she is amazing and talented and beautiful ? we still can't tweet her ? ): 
i hope moza doesn't hate me for not calling him 😔 
#confessionnight im losing all my hair and its sad :( 
that horrible moment when my pain meds wear off :( waiting till tomorrow is going to suck 
grr ! ! ! i hate when my koss eat all the m&ms out the trail mix ! #ugh > :( 
having a infected swollen glands is so painful .. i just wanna die right now :( 
USERNAME i know i miss you too :( i'm dying without you 
since i don't have you here w/ me to cuddle with , i asked my sister but she doesn't want to , so i'm gonna use my blanket or pillow 😞 lmao ~ 
missing my brothers 💔 USERNAME and USERNAME @ halstead arlington apartments URL 
USERNAME aww it was my favorite block cause i got too see u <3 .. now i never get too :( 
charlie st . cloud is seriously the saddest movie 😭 
getting high here cause i couldn't at wiz :( so sad ! 
missing her 😩 my heart hurts 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 @ 3,000 miles awayy URL 
USERNAME precisely . it hurts so good . and by good i think i mean bad :( 
USERNAME i need you right now so bad ! 😭 😭 😭 
my love pete at the hospital with his parents :( 
USERNAME come on :( ! i won't let you down again anymore i promise ! 
going back to blackberry tomorrow . #stupid #whatever #blackberry . rip evo4g . </3 laying it down to rest . 
i wanna just go back and completely redo saturday night . #fml 
night #wod #crossfit at #24hourfitness #frontsquats missed my 5th set 245# :( but that's @ 24 hour fitness URL 
USERNAME you left me ! :( now everyone in the room is knocked ! ! 
i'm never going to get up early to look nice at this time 😒 #gahh #fml #stupidipodandphone 
USERNAME haha . i'm soo serious . :( now yuu knw my secret . #shh lowkey it . 
my phone is going to diee . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
no > :( it must come to me tmrw i don't want to wait > :( 
USERNAME that hurts david ! :/ why are you putting me down :( 
USERNAME i knoww :( we was party animals ! ! gotta do it soon ! ! 
USERNAME don’t call me bitch , bitch ! 😡 👊 USERNAME all the time isn’t enough . 😭 
USERNAME yes it gets worse to the point where i cant walk and i cry :( not good at all 
there was a #switchfoot solo show with USERNAME in fort worth and a #maydayparade show tonight , and i missed both . sad face indeed ! :( 
i swear , i break down every time rose meets jack for the last time at the clock . so sad , but i love it . ❤ 😭 
another night of less than 4 hrs of sleep , goddamnn 😔 
USERNAME cause when u said u were gonna move to hollywood to see me everyday 😔 lol 
my baby is sick :( but i like taking care of him . 
USERNAME i have been good . just ready for thanksgiving i have been so hungry for some real food ! life sucks without my moms cooking . 😞 
i'm been nothing but great to you why believe that :'( 
my ankle and my hand hurt so badd 😒 😞 
i miss my babe ! ! i won't hear from him pry til wed since i'm stayin in the city til then :( 
i wish i could have gone to the #jacksmannequin goodbye show . :( too bad it was in la . now ill never see them . 
we were sleeping side by side , chest to chest , legs wrapped around eachother but now its just me & my pillows :( USERNAME 
:( (((((( i hate timeline on facebook it lets me look back at what used to be and get depressed about how i let it go all over again 
haven't fallen asleep on the phone with my babe in a while 😔 
when its cold and all i want to do is snuggle and USERNAME is playing halo<<< 😔 
poor abby is snoring cause her tonsils are so huge 😔 
i want cute ass plugs buy i needa wait till i get to my goal size :( 
USERNAME same here ! dance made my feet so gross :( 
it's 11:17 in the pm && i want food 😔 everything is closed ! 😩 
omg i can't sleep ! i have to be up at 6 and i have a final at 8 #fml 
my phones disconnected 😔 rt USERNAME USERNAME you never text back :( 
work in the morning 😥 how i hate that job ! 
USERNAME USERNAME i love you both teww . abbey i miss you though . ): 
do i have to go back to school ? :( 
USERNAME USERNAME nijah u not gonna defend me after all we been through :( 
eye h8 my bff right now ! :( i wanna watch it but she's got my only dvd i made a bad choice ! 
#confessionnight i'm scared to death to get raped , killed , hit by a car or get in a really bad car wreck 😢 
USERNAME i'm pretty sure that is not a good thing ! :( 
right when i start to forget , you reel me back in . 😔 
snugglin' with my pillow pet , jake jr . <3 . miss the other jake i had . :( #comeback #please #wemissyou URL 
i wish i did too :( come back soon ! 
why do i have too be soo scared ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😢 😥 
USERNAME i've seen him cry before ... its really #depressing 
USERNAME omg lol sara fuckyouu 😭 i'm not sleeping anymore ! 
USERNAME that might work ... i just have to be in the same place with him sadly hes not here in town :( 
#confessionnight me and desmond are addicted to sex . we need help 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME if you are talking about the notebook i feel the same ): 
i honestly hate fighting with my mom . she's really the only one there for me & when we fight , i feel so alone . :c 
USERNAME i wish i could tell you ): my friend who works for the clinton fd just told me . 
USERNAME mi la , i laj n'low temperatures , ama i think the dryer is fucking them up :( . 
USERNAME tbh the pic i took w/luis is my wallpaper :c ♥ 
80e @ 8th (sf ): :slow down 35 mph curve 3 miles ahead (was: high winds on bridge) 
i wish i was at home right now , i want my own bed then i could probs sleep #fml 
80w @ bay brg incl (ala ): :slow down 35 mph curve 2 miles ahead (was: high winds on bridge) 
and he chooses the drugs over me , shoulda known ... it is what it is . i'm clean and not going bak to that for a guy . ✌🙅 💔 
jealous of USERNAME and USERNAME bromance .. 😒 💔 😖 
when your not here .. i sleep in your t-shirt :-( ... goodnight .. 
about to pass out ! .. haven't slept since friday 😔 😱 😩😫 #muchneeded 
uh oh ! wasn't expecting to see that ! damn , only 4 free videos left :( #midnightconversations #menwillunderstand USERNAME 
USERNAME awwee imu 2 my lew lew :( we need to reunite again 
USERNAME but yet u don't believe the guy who loves you and adores you :'( 
USERNAME aww :( i was at ur house saturday &of course .. blew 2 l's .. all while thinking .. 
i miss my boyfriend a lot . USERNAME . # :[ URL 
looking through old tweets & reminiscing on good times . i miss my best friends so much ! 😭 💔 USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #lonelygirlprobs 
#confessionnight i care too much about people who don't care about me ... even when they said otherwise 😔 #trustissues 
the fact i have to get up in seven hours 😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴⌚📣📣📣 😡 😤😩 😔 😒 
cracking your iphone screen>>>> one of the worst feelings 😔 
USERNAME i know it's been like 30 years or something ! atleast it feels that way 😔 
#confessionnight i lied about the size of my chile ... 😔 
USERNAME loll .. speaking of your mother ... tell her i said hi ! i miss her 😔 
-poca - everyday (freak mix) (shot by tks ): URL via USERNAME check the videoo outt . #turnupp ! poca 
i've gotta get up at 5 .... i shouldn't be on twitter 😔 😒 
leah & mara on the phone tf boo loving & sh_t -.- :( <|3 i feel like a 5th wheel . 
i shouldn't have slept earlier cause now i can't sleep 😔 
wish things was the way they use to be ! :( 
last night at this time i was at the casino having the best time ever now i'm layin in bed dreading school tomorrow 😔 
i hate feeling like this , i really do . 😭 
just realized shawn is going and i'm not .... sad 😔 
USERNAME i knoow 😔 well i wasn't at school all week ! 
USERNAME well i wanted to retweet you but i can't :( bummer 
USERNAME i don't have philosophy tests ..... just papers :( 
i am so hungry i missed lunch and dinner ): , but hey lol 
celine at 2.8k . f**k me i really want this . o.o but i can't ever justify it . :( or can i . it's half off .. #ishoptoomuch #firstworldproblems 
i just realized david never taught me how to drift today like he said he would . #sadtweet 
i've cried so many times due to television shows . 😒 😔 
- my convos tonight ' i'm being so open && this is so unlike me but i can't help myself 😔 💜 
USERNAME im not breathing till you follow me . ): 
listening to obnoxious sounds of midnight construction . thanks neighbors , i wasn't planning on sleeping tonight .... #apartment #fml 
last weekend in texas , where did these past 6 months go ? 😢 
people only realize what they had after they lose it , so hold onto what you have and never let it go . #take it from experience 😪 💔 
thought about buying my mom and aunt some tix to see twilight this week ... but then i remembered im broke :( otherwise i would 
#confessionnight i feel lost without a big dog . & it still hurts that we had to put my doggy to sleep 😔 
i just wanna laugh & smoke with angel & jocelyn right now << :( 
USERNAME i ❤ you more ! ! ! would u please add me . i added USERNAME long time ago . yet nada from uu :( ( 
i don't want to leave ! ! ! ! ! 😫😩 😒 😔 😞 
USERNAME it's here with me lol it's never gettin back to yu any time soon :( lol 
hospital :( ... something's wrong with me .. why is it always me ! the devil is getting to me ! ! #dww pray for me ! lol 
i don't want winter break to come for one & one reason only ... #dontleave 😢 
USERNAME so i can't tell you random zombie bro number 26,481 died ? okay :( 
USERNAME i hated physics :( still don't get it lol 
can i receive some goodnight mentions , i've had a pretty sucky night 😔 😒 😣 👎 
i'm 18 and i still sleep with a night light 😔 🔦. 
i almost always depressed :'( and i don't even know why sometimes either :t 
USERNAME there's two sides to each story and i know i've done my share of fuck ups so its his loss and mine 😔 unfortunately 
#breakingdawnpart2 is so close , yet so far away 😔 #dontjudgeme 
never mind it’s not a movie night cuz he fell asleep ! that loser 😒 😞 
they are gona be hard for me . :( <\3 remind me of the times with my godfather .. 
dear USERNAME this is not the time to be reblogging delicious looking food on tumblr :'( also , i hope your back feels better soon . 
USERNAME i just took 3 zquils and it ain't working 😔 
USERNAME i was out till 4 and i woke up at 8: 45 :( i took a much needed nap earlier . lol 
don't wna wake up for classes tm 😭 ughh #fuckyoucollege 
USERNAME mans said i can't miss my classes monday :( i'm ready to go home 
USERNAME you know how you guys always reply to me ? oh wait ..... you don't ): lol 
USERNAME if u dnt mention me . can't see i t.t hat's why it's called unfollow . 
#confessionnight i lied to the sweetest guy alive . noel .. i wish i could have him back in my life . life sucks without him :( 
USERNAME omg no ! your perfect the way you are ! > :( dont be saying things like that 
it's unfortunate that some people have kids . breaks my heart that those little ones have to grow up with crazies as their parents . 💔 
USERNAME is that a monkey with a cigarette ? lmfaaoo 😭 
hospital :( something's wrong with me ! the devils is getting to me ! USERNAME pray for me ! .. lol 
way to shoot myself in the foot . again . #fail #fml 
on my way to perris . i'm gonna miss my baby . 😔 😪 
this episode of south park is pissing me off / making me laugh . mickey mouse is not mean 💔 
can saturday just come so we can go to austin :( 
leaving her is always the hardest part of the night :( 
USERNAME awh . wont be able to share this slow jam moment with my ruby ! boo ! :c 
i should go sleep , ill regret this in the morning . especially having aerobics first block :( 
its freezing in my room , i just want to sleep :( 
why am i still up ! ? ? ? ? i have absolutely no one to talk to 😔 
USERNAME omg i had no idea :( i'm so sorry <|3 
i'm gonna be in the guinness book of world records . 😔 
tonight was a great way to end my stay in moody #dontwannaleave 😔 
USERNAME i know . ): i'm praying for his family for sure tonight .. i can't imagine ... 
considering the fact that i'm apparently not going to sleep tonight , i guess i will just go ahead and drive to columbus . #fml #shootmenow 
URL not the pandas ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :( USERNAME 
this has been such a great weekend . not ready to go back to reality . :( 
the ending of selena always gets me 😔 #sosad #lovedher 
i feel like you forgot about me already 😔 👎 
USERNAME harry why must you hate me :( ((( ? 
omfg i wanna play assassin creed 3 ! ! ! 😱 😭 🎮 
i really wish my sis USERNAME was here with me 😔 #sadtweet #losthalf 
you can’t lose what you never had . you can’t keep what’s not yours . and you can’t hold on to something that doesn’t want to stay . </3 
just stabbed my self now it hurts to text ! ! ! ahh ! 👎 😿 🙀🏥 URL 
the first dog i had i accidentally dropped him on his head 😔 
USERNAME i'm sorry :( ( lol . you guy would fight over seats . there was so many people & not enough seats haha . 
i already don't want to go to class tomorrow .... just want to sleep in , due to my new terrible sleeping habits </3 
USERNAME 😔 they were a disgrace today . still love em tho 
why does this movie always get me ! ? don't cry jackie , don't do it ! 😭 
i really hate that my vacation is over ! :-( 
a week from now i will be kissing my puppy girl dog ! i miss maizey way too much 😭 
dixie's ears are so cold from going potty outsude that i can feel them through my shirt as she is snuggled up against my back . </3 
you got what i need ! but you say he's just a friend 😣 😖 😫 
i think i lost my ipod somewhere around the house :c 
it's soo sad when somebody's spouse dies , especially when they've been married for over 30years :( 
: did annie really shot anne in vogue ? ? oh my ! ! i'm disappointed ! ! :( 
USERNAME i fixxed it so you cant do it for me anymoorree . sorryy booboo :c 
USERNAME i'm gunna miss you so much , you have no idea ... 😢 
USERNAME 😢 #realtears tho ! ! ! i'm bout to go pout in the corner na lol 
cant sleep i have been trying sense 9 i'm soo tired though tomorrow is not going to be a good day :( 
daily booth is shutting down . so many memories on there from years ago . i honestly may cry :'( i met some of my favorite people there . 
USERNAME so my first tweet stands .. 😧 😢 😩 
why can i never retweet USERNAME tweets ? ? :( 
i hate trying to fall asleep alone after sleeping with hunter all weekend 😞 
i hate it when people go to bed on me , but on the other hand i feel dumb when i fall asleep on someone . 😔 
yes i just looked at all the black friday ads . there is nothing i want . seems like the black friday tradition will not happen this year 😔 
it feels weird not sleeping next to my babe USERNAME i miss her sleeping next to me . lol #sadtweet 
:/ idk what to do , when i want you you dont want me , but when i try to like someone else you get mad v.v just tell me wat u want ... 
i have the worst migraine right now 😔 ... too much on my mind ! 
my phone going dead yall .. hurting my feelings :( 
i remember when USERNAME & i used to text all the time .. now we don't at all 😞 
USERNAME is in my prayers tonight . sorry for your loss </3 
okay , i'm definitely done studying at this point . sucks , im gonna wake up early to look at it again again again again . 😔 
3 closets full of clothes and still have no idea what to wear . ever . #fml 
first night sleeping by myself at the apartment 😔 USERNAME left me 😩 
USERNAME omg i didn't even think of that ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! seaside pt . dos can't happen now :( 
my cousins leave home tomorrow morning at 7 am ish :( 
USERNAME i will be working during thanksgiving ! :( butt if you come to sm i will make sure to see you ! ! 
like seriously why does my chest feel like it's gonna explode :( 
i'd rather someone yell at me than ignore me #bedtime #ineedbreak 😔 
USERNAME i have no doubt ! #gonnabeweird without him for sure ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME if your on an iphone , just go to keyboards in settings an choose emoji . 💋 🐶 (couldn't find a wolf 😢 ) 
i'm still chocked by what the girl said in our gym class about USERNAME lol :( 
how the hell do you get lost in a small town that pretty much is a huge circle well i did #sadtweet 
crying . there's no way ill be able to fall asleep tonight . 😔 
and i wonder if i ever cross your mind ... 😔 
USERNAME you've known this since we've met and you never told me ? ! ? :( 
my current mood , 🎧 love this song 💔 URL 
USERNAME omg .. best tweet ever ... #tearsofjoy 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
lmaoo hot girl USERNAME ima get beat up cus of you 😔 
USERNAME has the cutest gramma and she won't even share ! 😔 😠 
sinister is the creepiest fucking movie ever ! i'm not sleeping tonight :( 
watching the notebook makes me think about how amazing life would be if you were here by my side . 💕 💔 
i wish i was at #home ! i miss my mom so bad ! ! ! ! 😔 
USERNAME 😭 i'm not lmao . i just like to go along with jokes 
#moments like this >> ii really wish my mama was here ! 😢 😢 
i'm just not tired . i want to be sleepy :( 
okay i really don't want to go home tomorrow :( 
USERNAME aww shit i spoke to soon the mutha fucka is comng back ! ! ! ! #fml #stupiddog 
i really want to stay up & watch taylor swift on vh1 .. 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME does that mean i can't play ? ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME follow me please , i've had a bad day , it'll make me feel better ? :-( 
crazy how we were sisters & not one day we weren't with eachother to not talking . #conefessionnight USERNAME 😔 💜 URL 
my brothers ps3 almost started a fire . that was so scary . i feel bad for my brother doe :( 
i'm gonna be 22 on wednesday . i don't even know whether to feel old or young 😢 #oldfart #viejito #overthehill 
#confessionnight i wish i owned a dodge 2500 instead of the 1500 😔 
i hate seeing good guys who treats girls amazing get hurt . 😔 💔 
i wonder how my life would be if my dad was here .. #forgetthepast #imissyousomuch </3 
he lived directly a couple houses from my house :c 
USERNAME ohh my bad 😔 lol i never see you ! 
wish my body still looked like this 😒 😔 😩👍💪 URL 
this week is about to suck #papers #tests #speeches #fml 
shutting down dailybooth is like erasing my tween years . 😔 😖 
if i don't get to live with USERNAME next semester i'm gonna cry 😢 😭 😩 
i’m not ready to go home 😭 i want to stay in miami lol 
s/o to my new follower USERNAME i miss my kay cuddy buddy #sadtweet 
rewording quotes then saying you came up with it 😞 smh <<<<< 
i can't believe i fucking missed USERNAME tonight . </3 brb killing myself . 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME it was a joke i didn't mean it 😨 😔 😭 
USERNAME 😧 😧 mad yute , it's USERNAME bday party #censored , cassie going to be there 
i turn into sheldon cooper inside hospitals .... what is this crazy cough ? ! ? ! ? can't wait to come home 😔 😩 
i can't even freaking sleep , aggravated . hate everyone right now . can't deal . get outta my life ! 😣 😁✌ 😡 👊💢 
i miss eight grade year at balboa 😭 💔 #conefessionnight 
these lil 9 hour shifts is killing me > :( 
this isn't even a letter i received in the package ... it's a note . write me a damn letter if you want to seduce me , cunt . 😞 
i tell her that im here for her i juss want her to understand that u can tell me anything thats wat im here for :-( 
k ): lol rt USERNAME everybody get out ya'll feelings ! ! 
i had no idea itd be this hard . #imsuchababy .. ): 
the notebook has me balling 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 
what if i puke again guys :( ((( 16 times in enough ! ! ! 
i wonder whats it like to be in some ones bio ? :( 
also apparently i need better cable so i can watch this firefly show . :-( 
USERNAME k sorry i'll put a paperbag on my head :( 
USERNAME haha of course not lol ! i miss u ): 
USERNAME dude . dont forget ! you dont want my poor heart to break ! :'( i like him tons ! 
it's almost two in the morning and i'm still at work #nevergonnaleave :( 
i know i will never amount to what there once was . #sadtweet 
wish i could've finished planet of the apes to see caesar talk 😔 
i wanted to play volleyball but since vollyball season is almost over i cant :( and since my grades are poop ahh maybe next year fersure ^~^ 
i lost a follower #sadtweet but fuck you doe i didnt even like you anyways #sorrybutnotsorry 
i wish i had big crazy hair .. but no , my hair is just straight and boring 😭 
if i only didn't have a final presentation on thursday , i'd be at pacha watching USERNAME and feddy #sadtweet 
noo 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
which i had someone to sleep with 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 🙉 
> a mcchicken from mcdonald's :( .. not including tax . 
where are you when i need youu .. you left me at the hardest time .. u were . there for surgey ten recovering from it u were gone 💔 
USERNAME being like this .. don't delete your twitter . your tweets make my life ! :( 
USERNAME omg i thought for a sec you were talking about your mother 😫 💔 😰 
USERNAME noo jamall pleasee don't say that shit ! ! 😩 😳 😑 😔 
why does everyone suck at having fun ! ? like srsly ! > :( 
USERNAME USERNAME you'd probably be ready to do the same ! it's so freaking loud ! #fml ! 
#confessionnight i hate that people judge me before they even try to get to know me 😔 
USERNAME bestfriend i left my sweater in your sister's bed :( can you get it & bring it to me on tuesday please 😘 
u on here ,. u could've of did it all thus time 😣 
completely forgot i have to go home tomorrow to work .. oops . 😣 
USERNAME lmao your silly ;* im waiting . for you :( 
so much going thru my mind idk what to do at this point #stressed # :-( 
it feels weird being at the dance floor without my high heels ! ! :( 
USERNAME my heart stopped just because i thought u had rt my defense against what USERNAME did ! ! 😕 sad that it wasn't true 😥 
at the hotel in pa ! up early for the 20 hour drive :( 
e isso ai .. ganhei mais uma burn #fail . 2 semana de trabalho e estou para 5 :( ... 
lol why not . ? ” cause it's mean to be mean 😔 lol 
damn , i forgot that the last jack's mannequin show ever was tonight . :( . oh well , go cats and stuff . 
lack of booty makes you moody ! USERNAME USERNAME 😒 😁 😔 😣 😡 
i miss the times when everybody was innocent and we didn't know anything about the world . we just laughed and had no worries ! #sadtweet 
my nyquil isn't knocking my sick self out . 😔 #hadenoughforanelephant 
umm thank you USERNAME for showing me the grossest thing i have ever seen in my life . 😷 😶 😑 😵 😳 😣 
USERNAME babbyy read your tweets . many need to be deleted . love you <3 i tried to call you on your birthday btw :( 
i just pray i wake up in the morning ... :( 
this shit hurts more than before but if that's what it is it has to happen ! ! ! ! ! 💔 😞 
my family’s dog is going to be put down tomorrow; she has liver cancer and frequent seizures . :( :( 
can't change things because they are done already ♥ miss him :( 
i really wana go to the USERNAME concert sunday 😔 
i am not excited to find out what i got on my math test tomorrow 😔 👎 
just realized i left my #chi hair straightener back in indy .. #fml 
only person i miss is my baby aaliyah she so silly and bad .. :( 
when people borrow my phone they look for the instagram app but i don't have it bc my phone sucks hairy butthole :-( 
just realized i close tomorrow night ... right next door to a game stop ... 😞 🔫 #nerdalert #blackops2 
USERNAME oh okay ;* & dam .. i sorry </3 .. i love you ? :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME please do , she's a meanie butt .. > :( 
it was suppose to be a good 3 day weekend 😞 
rt “USERNAME #whyrelationshipsend they take advice from their friend instead of making their own decisions . 😒 ." idiots . 👎 😔 
USERNAME f ! ! no you guys are going to take all the spots and i still haven't registered ! ! :( 
the fact that you act like you don't care but in reality you really do 💔 
USERNAME ugh i wish i could say the same ! its past midnight and i cant sleep ! any good ways to help me fall asleep ? :( 
USERNAME dont say that :( im looking for a gorgeous girl 
crazy ! red shirts also die in james bond dr . no . poor quarrel . he was such a good guy . :( 
just realized i left my #chihairstraightener back in indy .. #wow #fml 
okay , not me . i'll go on somewhere . if it don't do i even care at all . ? ! #jmc #cantwin #gotthebestofme #fuckmylife 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sac , this one club ! poppin dude :( 
gm ig i was doing fine until i had that #redwine & now i cnt stop #crying 💔 😪 😭 😪 @ currently missing you ! ! #ej URL 
USERNAME USERNAME = eating my feelings = me becoming fat 😭 
my dad is taking me to ampm ^-^ but we have to walk 😧 at least i'm ready to conquer this cold ! ! URL 
USERNAME i pierced it with a metal i'm probably allergic to . ): 
USERNAME i haven't even left yet :( long story . wussup ? 
101n @ francis drake (mrn ): :novato 12 min petaluma 24 min sears pt 20 min 
101s @ san pedro (mrn ): :hwy 1 12 min gg bridge 16 min berkeley 18 min 
ugh hate sad movies ! no wonder i never watched the notebook . 😢 
101s @ delong (mrn ): :hwy 580 12 min hwy 1 20 min sears pt 10 min 
24w @ lafayette (cc ): :o akland 12 min sf dwntwn 22 min oak arpt 22 min 
880n @ industrial (ala ): :o ak arpt 12 min oakland 18 min castro vy 9 min 
no words can describe my fucking pain , but i don't expect you to feel sorry cause i put you through the same .. 💔 
101s @ sierra pt (sm ): :sfo arpt 6 min rte 92 12 min rte 84 20 min 
some asshole just dm'd me telling my tweets are shit ... :'( <//33 way to make me want to drink bleach . asshole . 
280s @ foothill (scl ): :los gatos 14 min mtn view 8 min sj state 14 min 
17n @ los gatos rd (scl ): :sj arpt 10 min milpitas 16 min mtn view 14 min 
680s @ scott ck (scl ): :sj state 12 min cupertino 21 min s101 / 85 18 min 
24e @ broadway (ala ): :walnut cr 12 min san ramon 25 min concord 20 min 
101s @ chavez (sf ): :sfo arpt 12 min rte 92 18 min daly city 8 min 
80w @ weigh sta (sol ): :c arq brdg 14 min berkeley 28 min concord 20 min 
880s @ fremont bl (ala ): :milpitas 16 min sj arpt 22 min menlo prk 12 min 
17n @ summit rd (scl ): :slippery/wet roadway reduce speed 
17s @ summit rd (scz ): :slippery/wet roadway reduce speed 
92e @ hillsdale (sm ): :sfo arpt 12 min sf dwntwn 22 min menlo prk 12 min 
101n @ 23rd (sf ): :trsr isl 6 min oakland 14 min berkeley 14 min 
80w @ rdwd pky (sol ): :hwy 4 8 min berkeley 20 min concord 18 min 
80e @ 8th (sf ): :high winds on bridge (was: slow down 35 mph curve 3 miles ahead) 
80w @ bay brg incl (ala ): :high winds on bridge (was: slow down 2 miles ahead 35 mph curve) 
80w @ 13 / ashby (ala ): :sf dwntwn 10 min sfo arpt 24 min oak arpt 12 min 
80e @ university (ala ): :c arq brdg 14 min fairfield 30 min novato 24 min 
101n @ candlestick (sf ): :sf dwntwn 6 min oakland 16 min berkeley 16 min 
92w @ foster cty bl (sm ): :half moon 18 min sfo arpt 9 min palo alto 15 min 
92e @ foster cty bl (sm ): :high winds on bridge 
24w @ shattuck / 55th (ala ): :sf dwntwn 10 min sfo arpt 22 min oak arpt 10 min 
580w @ chetwood (ala ): :sf dwntwn 12 min carq brdg 20 min walnut cr 14 min 
580w @ castro valley (ala ): :hwy 13 12 min hwy 24 18 min sm bridge 12 min 
580w @ hacienda (ala ): :c astro vy 12 min sm bridge 20 min walnut ck 16 min 
i wish i was as pretty as all these other girls 😢 
USERNAME i know , i miss you too ! :'( 
USERNAME i feel like we're always going through the same things at the same time :( 
i hope i don't get drama tonight 😞 😞 😞 😞 
it will #never be this #beautiful ever again . :( URL 
i'd love for someone to knock on my window and show me a fat ass blunt </3 
USERNAME ; shut up faag . hey you never snapchatted back . :c 
i officially hate owls as much as USERNAME ! ! ! ! there is one on the bench of our porch ! ! it's scary ! :( 
the one call i waited for today ... never got it .. :( 
USERNAME here we go wit this again ugh . :( 
USERNAME * turns and gives the * you're the ass :( 
USERNAME i just asked my neighbors and they said fuck no . i guess not :( 
the notebook never fails to make me cry😩 lol 💔 ❤ 
really hope i get either job . i don't wanna keep working where i do now 😔 #prettyplease 🙏 
saturday night , you won . i have been on the couch all day . #dead #outofcontrol #missedmass 🍺 😿 
well i should probably sleep now i hate mondays enough :( goodnight 
#confessionnight im still crying because i couldnt see my baby niall at the ellen show :c they didnt let us in :c 
USERNAME oh i hate this part ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME she's doing a lot better but she's really sick though :( 
USERNAME lol and i cant even sing :'( trey be having ppl thinking they sound like beyonce and shizz ! ! 
boo ! i wanted to cuddle with my boys ... but as soon as i get out of the restroom gettin ready for bed ... they are knocked out ! ! :( 
been off for 6 days . trying to stretch today as much as possible ! don’t wanna sleep yet . dreading going back to work for 5 days straight . 😧 
USERNAME 😩 😭 😩😩 ugh yea c ya tm . 
i wanna jailbreak my phone mane , soo fucking bad 😔 
boys must be tired ... guess ill cuddle with my blanky . sweater to be tonight again ! ! ! still havnt gotten better :( debating to see my doc . 
i wish i were next to my baby telling her a few things that have been on my mind lately .. USERNAME 😔 😕 
USERNAME 😞 while i'm stuck watching kevin hart with my brother 
USERNAME you no love me i see how it is ): 
book 9 out if 10 ... i'm crying at the endings :( 
USERNAME it says i'm in mexico when i'm home 😔 #bullshit #wetbackproblems 
i fell asleep on the couch because your smell was on the blanket .. but no kellie :( 
my bed is normally heavenly but tonight it’s so cold that even my bed cannot warm me . :( 
wish you weren't the last thing on my mind before bed ... 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME 😨 bestfriend ! .. but why ? 😔 
omg i feel like throwing up , i ate to much junk :( 
USERNAME awe . :( #crohniehug too tight to squeeze the gas out . how does it get there is my question , you must have a leak somewhere ? 
dammit ...... i eventually have to get down from my bed to get some high quality h2o so i can consume this stupid ass pill .... #idontwanna :( 
USERNAME am sorry :( i really am .. i did not stay there cause i wanted to it really did start snowin bad&my light was out i really 
the ending of the notebook never fails ! it always makes me cry :'( #lovethatmovie #sosad 
y is evry1 showin USERNAME luv , am jealous 😔 
USERNAME absolutly right 😔 , i need someone to help me stay on top of it 
need to start planning my bday weeken d: - ): - ): -) 
has the best of friends , real sad i have to leave em all in 5 weeks , can i please take you where ever i go ? ? ? :( 
listening to his voicemail over and over because i missed his call </3 
USERNAME USERNAME omg justin help me she's listening to depressing music . 😢 
USERNAME still wondering why you haven't seen my tweets yet 😑 😢 , it's 1:43 am i'm sorta getting tired ! 
someone take me to trey songz cuz oomfs a fagget and wont go with me 😥 
just went to the living room to see if my brother wanted to watch a movie with me , & he's not even here 😔 very very sad moment USERNAME 
USERNAME no not taco :( i needs to take off work . to take care of her 
USERNAME i know :( but he was to much for us i guess like he barked to much and got us in trouble with management . 
USERNAME i always tear up at the end of this movie ! :( 
USERNAME dude i already told you , i'm going to be dead :( 
that moment when you don't know what to say because it hurts and you really don't want that ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 😭 😖 😖 😭 
USERNAME i know :( ill text you tomorrow babes ! lovee you 
letting go ... if its meant , then it'll happen .... enough said ! done trying ! 💔 
USERNAME i hate that you're leaving me like this :( but go ahead :( (( 
this cold weather is making me miss my stussy jacket so much 😢 
i hate when im up late , i tend to think a lit and put myself in s bad mood 😒 😞 
it's cold wish i certain someone i used to know was here with me cuddling keeping each other warm like old times :( 
i feel like the worse fucking person ever right now . i'm sorry .... 😭 😔 💔 
ughh i hate sad scenes in tv shows .. they always get to me ): #thewalkingdead 
USERNAME it was pretty terrible . sorry for being so irresponsible and putting your fragile life in danger </3 luv ya ! 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i feel so unloved no tag for me 😭 
marley and me makes me miss my dog :( #sadtweet 
the fact that i will not have a boyfriend to spoil for this christmas holiday breaks my heart 💔 . 
USERNAME noo :( i was just gonna ask you that ! 
i need USERNAME to rub aquaphor on my tattoo . 😣 
movie be over already , i wanna go to sleep 😣 
USERNAME lol our intentions are there ... but our will ... isn't 😭 
they were so happy now they can barely move :'( 
i'd give anything to have my football season back .. #dislocatedshoulder #fuckingouch #byebyeseason #smh #fml #12yearsdownthedrain 
would do absolutely anything to not have to wake up tomorrow and go to class at 9 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME do you weally want me to go back to facebook ? :( 
i want nothing more than a cherry pepsi from sno white right now ! :( 
i'm cold af and my blankets are in the laundry :( 
god damn it i broke my twitter . it won't load 😔 
when the apartment is so hot that you can't sleep . really #newyork it's #november 😣 
it pisses me off when girls don't think i'm a great guy or worthy enough to be liked or whatever #hategirls #singlrforever ): 
my baby has to eat a raw cabbage shake & 3 bananas per day to heal his infection :( 
i have no one to go see breaking dawn pt 2 with friday :( 
USERNAME 😔 😒 i'll sing you a song if you want me too ! 
i hate being sick . this shit sucks man :( 
i broke my little brothers ipod . now i gotta buy him black ops ii so he won't snitch on me ... fuuck . 😔 haha 
feeling sick , super stressed , so much work to do :'( #help 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss the both of you ! ! :( 
USERNAME 😧 when do you turn 19 ? ? ? 
USERNAME aww don't cry :( , i love you ! 
can't sleep because i'm coughing so much , i feel like i've been sick the past month or so :( 
USERNAME dang i don’t have enough space for bootcamp :( 
never watching this damn movie again ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 💔 💔 💔 💔 
USERNAME i was going too but you said you were already home . :( 
cant never be sweet with USERNAME im going to sleep ! ! 😔 💤💤💤💤 
USERNAME my friend got hers taken out 😣 it was scary to watch lol 
#confessionnight i don't have many friends that i actually consider true friends 😔 
i think i'm dying and no one can go with me to the er :'( 
USERNAME aww :( you're cute i'm sure you can find one . easily 
yeah yeah .... my bears lost . :( now stop texting me ! 
it's a sad sad night when USERNAME goes to sleep early . 😭 😪 
someone take care if mee i don't feel good 😔 
the ending is just so sad ! 😭 😢 😭 😭 😭 😢 😥 😭 💔 
USERNAME i miss you too ! ! 😭 im drunk and im missing youu ! #truu 
USERNAME idk boo i left before they did it :( 
i really liked them together 😞 😞 😞 #jelena URL 
killaa & con hambree ; mejor me duermo 👊💢 😣 👍🙏 
i got to go down stairs &' was my shirt &' sweats to wear for when i get out of school tomorrow… but i don't feel like moving out my bed :( 
cry 😥 that's all i know how to do . 
#confessionnight if oomf text i would maybe get sad but i'm proud of myself cause i didn't 😭 . ! ! ! ! 
i keep getting creepy crawlies :( can't sleep & gotta be up & getting ready for nyc in 3.5 hours ! ! gahh . USERNAME say goodnight ? 
rt USERNAME miss ma homie USERNAME im sure he enjoyed a&m beating #bama :( // a weeknd highlite ! preacher mentioned 2day too ! 
USERNAME i feel bad she's still dry heaving :( #poorgirl #hamsauced #whitegirlwasted 
this conversation with USERNAME has me crying 😔 😥 😭 
girls say i hate sleepin alone :( . sh*t not me . more space for me to spread out (; #trippin 
sleeping alone in this house is some scary shit 😦 
when the hell did lil j-kayy become a freak i'm kind of scared yo😁 😥 😖 
meh i am sad dose any one know when nicky minaj comes to los angeles ? ? ? ? ? ? :( 
my boyfriend fell asleep on me when i was outside smoking :( 
january please come already . i want to drive my car already :( 
USERNAME he still not feeling better :-( poor tinky ..... i feel u tho braylon just got rid of that bug from last week 
mamimiss ko kotse ko , gitara ko , keyboard , ps3, and nc . 😭 😭 😭 
i made a puppy face cause it sucks to leave u guys :( no jk , fuck yall . no jk . we . 
😒 😣 😔 can't sleep and it's so hott in my room ! 😡 
ugh this whole not sleeping thing is irritating . i wish all this crap would get out my head man ! 😔 @ mi casa URL 
damn bruh ... my phone still loosing charge ... but its on the charger :( 
USERNAME but back then your ass was really sensitive . 😭 👎 
USERNAME text me back :( i can't sleep and i want to talk to you 
finna just pray my nigga kenny aight , only thing i can do bruh ! god w/ him bruh :( i love you friend . not in the mood #hml 
i'm so sore from coughing all the time 😔 😒 😷 💔 
USERNAME hells yeah , i have one from my old star 😢 it's if a frappuccino clear cup doe . 
sunday night = feeling like the weekend is breaking up with me :( #hatemondays #manicmonday #lookoutweekend 
girls have needs that should be fulfilled too . no one understands 😔 
another death ? why god ? this is too much in a matter of days . 😥 
USERNAME i think we can keep it 👍😁 #happyactually #uhoh #fml 
😔 i took the longest nap , now who knows when i'm going to bed . 
USERNAME they always get me in trouble 😣 i'm talkative 
USERNAME so as you stop tweeting i've just wasted another hopeless night tweeting you til 2:00am and no response 😢 😑 😣 😞 #thissucks 
i really want some cookies and we dont have any ! ): #sad #cookies #chocolatechip #milk #iwantsome 
worst night in a long time i shouldn't be still dealing with this shit ... 😔 
USERNAME 😭 😭 two summers ago ? it's been that long ? i miss you . you were my elementary best friend . and sometimes i wonder… 
this will be the first thanksgiving without my family :( #ugh #notfair #gunabehard 
the love of my life is sitting at home sad bc were not cuddleing :( wahh 
okay so this movie is killing me . someone send halp :( 
i can never sleep good without my baby . why aren't you here with me all snuggled up to one another USERNAME 😢 
rt USERNAME omg a student just jumped off the main building a while ago . i saw his body on the ground , not moving with his eyes open :( ( 
in no way , shape or form am i happy to be back in virginia :( 
an in n out burger just ain't the same w/o them chili peppers 💔 
i hate when one of my piercings get infected :( 
#confessionnight when i see my crush… i run like hell… i can't be around someone i like . i might fuckk up &' embarrass myself . #sadtweet 
USERNAME it's actually super annoying .. #sad want my puppy </3 
i hope & pray what i seen isn't true ! 😔 
#confessionnight probably enlisting into the navy tomorrow . 🏊🍺🍻 😧 😲 😱 😥 😓 
ouch </3 . . . . that's going to be hard to recover from ! you even just made me seem nice . . you monster ! 
USERNAME lol we do need to . haha i just literally have no mula for gas :( come to selma haha 
that one was a tear jerker ! 😢 #thewalkingdead #almostcaughtup 
USERNAME thanks ❤ 👌, and that sounds great but i would much rather just see your sister for a little bit if that's possible 😔 
USERNAME oh alright , goodshit . text me back :( i miss you 
#confessionnight i witnesed my dads death , and i really fucking wish i hadn't .. it makes it so much more harder </3 
my eyes are all watery , red , and my nose is all stuffy and i got a headache for dayzz ! 😔 😞 😭 😭 😷😷 
i can't believe they were here on island but too bad i couldn't meet them ): #new boyz ! 
fell asleep at like 10 ... now i'm wide awake ... wah :( 
havent had a toothache in a few yrs & i cant deal :( 
#confessionnight i miss #oomf . i wish he still went to skyline 😔 
i'm going to be a loner forever like USERNAME -___- 💔 lol 
how could you forget the chili peppers mother ? why would u do this to me 😢 
i can't wait to get my own apartment . i just want a good nights rest but it's kind of impossible here . i wanna go home so bad :( :( 
omg my roommate just made chocolate en leche . i'm missing home more than ever now :( 
lol is this somebody momma in my tl awkward 😭 😨 😳 
it really sucks how one text can make ur day crap and ur whole mood bad 😞 😞 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME im jk samntha it wasnt him , srry tho for messin around wit u 😔 
i hate being 'd :( makes me feel sad . anytime i get a one word answer . 
👱🎡👩 ... 👱 ❤ 🏠👩 ... 👱 💔 👩 ... 👱 📩x3⃣6⃣5⃣ ... 👩💍👦 ... 👱🚤👩 ... 👱 💋 ☔👩 ... 👩 💔 👦 ... 👴📖👵 ... ❤ #thenotebook 
👱🎡👩 ... 👱 ❤ 🏠👩 ... 👱 💔 👩 ... 👱 📩x3⃣6⃣5⃣ ... 👩💍👦 ... 👱🚤👩 ... 👱 💋 ☔👩 ... 👩 💔 👦 ... 👴📖👵 ... ❤ #thenotebook 
although when marvin fakes his own death it really is a sign 💔 👿 USERNAME 
they shoulda just put the whole interview on at once :( 
well . upstairs , downstairs has been cancelled in part because of jean marsh's recovery from a stroke . no season 3. :-( USERNAME 
im not livin life like im suppose to ... im wasting all my good years 😔 
midnight madness didn't even have the 3 comp . 😔 
i really hate writing essays , especially research papers :( #exhausted 
USERNAME lol siike ! ! ! ! haha but no that's how i lost my financial aid at ou ! ! ! ! ! up all night every night partying 😞 tisk tisk ! 
gonna miss USERNAME over break while he's in the 509 (wa) 😭 
confession: i don't cry easily and not an emotional person . but every time i watch the notebook it is impossible for me not to cry :'( <3 
USERNAME i miss you and love you babe ! where are my dear john letter tho ? 😔 
yok yok sevemedim ben daniel craig"i , martiniyi bira gibi icen , espriden , zekadan yoksun , sofistikasyon sifir , yari makine gibi bir ajan :( 
USERNAME boo :( i wish i had all my classes at those times . and i totally could . do you have either of those professors ? 
USERNAME what was the extras ? i missed it ! 💔 
USERNAME he got shot after the party in his leg </3 
been sick ever since i moved :( i think i'm allergic to my own house 😭 
wait , you're telling me that USERNAME was tweeting people ? and i missed it ? 😶 😤 😭 🙋🔫 
wish i had someone to talk to before i went to bed .. USERNAME come back :( 
your family is like my family , it's so sad to see this happen . my prayers go out to y'all . 😞 
ermagerd a cosmopolitan popsicle ! ! ! 👍 😧 so good ! ! ! @ miracle mile shops URL 
omg the newest walking dead is like the scariest episode yet ! wth is going on ? ? 💀😬 😧 😥 😖 😢 😕 
it's not like i'm waiting or getting sleepy 😔 😳 
why does everyone feel the need to contact me over twitter . #fml 
fuck that 7am class man ! never doing this to myself again 😢 
can't sleep ): i really can't wait to get our place soon 
stupid hw ! :( #i alwaysforget #justaheadsup #noonecares #abouthw #hope #she #doesnt #c @ the batterson house URL 
leave me alone USERNAME and USERNAME ! jerks 😕 😭 
i got soo many different types of moods right now 😔 😢 😡 
i'm literally so mad that i cant fall asleep right now . i hate late nights when all i do is think & reminisce on bad things . :( 
wow .... don't know how much more i can take :( 
USERNAME so my face is blocked in your header .. what kinda shit is that 😔 
and then they both die in the hospital bed together :'( #trueloveneverdies 
i have two brusies on my right leg and a big ass bumb on my left leg :( lol . 
USERNAME , my phones cut off . so i can't view what you sent me . if you need me call me okay ? my poor butthead . ): i hope your okay . 
pearl harbor just turns on the water works ! 😭 
USERNAME so i've heard . :( i met him at anthrocon 2003. really cool guy . 
seriously i'm soo borede and wide awake . someone either pick me up or comeover :( 
man i’m not going to prom :( grad night either :( 
USERNAME it was one of those lil bags . sorry 😔 
it's like 27 degrees out side 😧 ❄ ! im laying under the covers and nose is col d: / 
USERNAME haha well i hope you do good on it ! and i don't have your number 😔 
USERNAME yes ! ! ! ! ! ! :{ d 
they never realize they're losing uu until they've lost uu . . 😔 
damm i'm gonna miss tuesday's and fridays laker game ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME lol dang ! ! ! ! it's closed though :( 
USERNAME hahahahahahaha . good one . i burnt my arm on an oven :( ( 
well let me try falling asleep again so i can wake up in 4 hours 😔 
it hurts man , it hurts . 😞 but i will survive . as long as i know how to love i know i'll stay alive . 
"USERNAME USERNAME before you went mia 😔 URL i'm still here my dear . 
USERNAME oh that's right i forgot you're all getting over a bug ): i don't even know what time brandon and jarrett wanna meet lol 
dam it ! i can't mix my pills with alcohol ! :( 
so my day went from -,- to |: to /:< to :c to finally this ^-^ <3 
USERNAME USERNAME hey ! you got into our conversation first > :( 
USERNAME went to sleep on me an shit 👎 😔 
like why does gaby keep tweeting ? she's being disobedient and i'm only looking out for her 😔 
my babydad leave at 7 :( four months ain't that long - for me yess ill be ok tho 
USERNAME i miss you :( ( when will be able to see you ? ! 
USERNAME of course boo , i havent talked to u in forever </3 ;,/ 
i wish i had that special someone i could spoil on christmas 😔 #foreveralone 
USERNAME i never ever got a missed call notification :( sorry 
i really wish USERNAME was awake i need to vent to my best friend 😔 
rip glacius :( only the good die young . 🐠😪 💔 
USERNAME lol . oh gosh yes ! imma have to be dodging big ass hail when it storms ! :( yikes ! 
hehehe waking USERNAME up at 2 am to walk me to the poddy bc i'm a scardy 😿 .. bad part listening to him bitch about it 💔 
maan . i miss you gabby ! ! USERNAME . 😔 
aand after 2 hours of studying psych and not understanding any of it .... time for bed 😣 
:( i don't like the fact i'm stressing this ... 
i didn't even get to talk to him tonight ): 
#confessionnight i miss working & my prg family 😥 USERNAME 
i cant wait to be back in houston . im soo home sick ! ! :( ( one more week ! 
i'm wide awake n i have to b at wirk at 7 :( 
my dad is gonna trade my baby in for a jeep :( (((( mustangs aren't made for flagstaff winters .... #aslongasthejeepispurple 
my homies from santa ana are going to a venue tonight without me </3 
it started so quickly and left as soon as it came </3 
the memoriez will alwayz be there , but you wont </3 </3 
when you only plan an hour for your grammar test and you realize how hard it is #fml 
wah , i miss USERNAME and our emoji convos . 😞 
i love you so much .. i really do . but sometimes you make me so angry , i wanna throw you away . but my contracts not up yet 😔 
USERNAME hahaha ! you're good at this ! teach me your ways ! :'( 
USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 i wish i had those now ! they tasted good 😏 👅 
six hours later & i'm still not asleep . i hate being sick 😥 
next weekend all i'm doing is sleeping . i want/need a damn vacation . oh #fml 
watching videos that friends sent me of them partying 😔 😢 😫 
it's been a long day . hell week is just staying , but it's already kicking my butt #teamnosleep #cranky #fml #collegesucks 
USERNAME i think you meant ob ... but tomorrow morning :( 
almost ran over a raccoon while i was driving USERNAME home . 😣 
USERNAME fine i'll change it right now u ass 😢 
my sisters fav video lmao she would always watch it 😞 
life sucks that had happen to me befor .. 😞 
my room is always the coldest or the hottest ! > :[ 
USERNAME i'd go with you but you never tweet me back or anything . :'( 
ok , you're nice ... i guess i sorta push the nice ones away .. 😔 
i'll cry if phi sig doesn't have a party this weekend 😞 
why do you have to be so far away :( 
that moment when you feel like you could never make someone happy :( 
honestly , before now i don't think i've gone more than 2 weeks without seeing USERNAME since we became best friends in 6th grade :( 
night . since shi don't wanna talk to me anymore . whatever .. :'( 
if you have long luscious natural locks ... why would you chop it off ? ! i'd kill for that hair 😳 😁 😔 🔪🔫💣 
USERNAME you already told me the truth ... it's ok 😔 
just got out of the hot tub . it's so cold outside :( 
USERNAME you're probably the millionth person to call me dingus :( 
it feels like i'm gonna meet her for the first time in my life ... 😣 😁 
scary movie time with the homies 😱 😩 😭 💀👽👻👹🔪🔦 😮 🙈 
i'm crying and it's raining just to rub it in ... 💔 😢 😔 
USERNAME lol ! ! ! i'm sorry :( but i needed money jajaja 
i have no doubt that you're in a better place now . </3 
wish i was watching the notebook . that's my all time favorite movie 😥 i cry just when the title comes on 
it's so heartbreaking , i still can't get drew's version of baby on itunes ... 💔 
its 1 am and im sleeping in a gym filled with snoring old ladies .... fantastic #fml 
i hate wanting to see someone even though i know i can't :( 
it's cold outside my house and dark :( USERNAME USERNAME URL 
you could of put it inside the refrigerator for me :( 
USERNAME jajajajaj fyl ! mala pasada , pero ni de intercambiar numero dio oportunidad jaja ! :( solo te queda el recuerdo , sucks . 
USERNAME they made my eyes like so chinky haha but i ♥ 'd em ! i lost them in vegas lmao :-( 
lol just did the most twitter action i've ever done and yet ... i still don't get it really 😳 😞 😔 😣 😭 😭 😭 😭 👀🙈🙉🙊🚶🚶🚶🚶 
y'all ...... #terriblenews hibachi express has shut down #fml #whyy 
i can't find my vaseline o_o ....... no bueno :'( 
USERNAME te amo mi niña , gracias por todo , te extraño 😔 #loveyou 
more study :( no USERNAME for mee ! ! (@ the kitty kave) URL 
now he needs help w/ his game t(-__-) t #fml 
boyfriend fell asleep early :( #poop sweet dreams babe & twitter ♥ 
every single time i see certain friends , they remind me of the one we lost . i really wish she was still here . </3 my heart is aching ! 
USERNAME i didnt want you to have to find out this way :c . im adopted ! ! ! 
wow haven't been on twitter all day . so busy and soo stressed 😣 
this has easily been one of the worst weekends of my life , cannot wait to go home for break ! ! ! #overit #byebye 😔 👋 
briauna rohde , i seriously miss you like crazy ! :( 
USERNAME please cheer up my daugther she's suffering from #ptsd & #depression seriously needs a pick me up USERNAME ! mom's unite ! 
when there are children who are battling with cancer ... 😔 
my roommate refuses to let me put up christmas decorations :( USERNAME 
i'm sad now ): i just want my tv to work . 
USERNAME you are the sweetest man ricardo . why am i so confused ? :-( (( let's talk okay . 
alright reid i'm sorry i complained about it being hot ... it's too cold in here now 😭 😭 blankets on blankets 
“USERNAME USERNAME URL scary how true that is . :( #glades #onetreehill #dexter #californiacation #hiddenpalmas 
you have an excuse tho , i don't . ha , i'm beyond tired :( 
what a boring weekend this has been . which btw for me started tuesday ..... and it ends tuesday . but i was sick for most of my great week :( 
cool i'm not sleeping tonight my mom is in my bed and snoring . #fml 
demarcus >>>> but he is just a boy 💔 ❤ 
last night with my iphone 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
doing it anal feels like the dick in the pussy but it really hurts the girl :c 
saying jk when you really mean something cuz you don't want them to think you're crazy :( 
USERNAME nothing nvm ill just talk to my cat 😾 
i went throughout the whole movie without crying but once the ending came , i bawled my eyes out like a baby ! :'( 
i wanna go midnight bowling so bad . if only i could drive :( oh and have friends 
oh well it's gonna be a long night ... great ! i need some sleep 😞 
i'm missing out on a whole different world because i can't see emojis on twitter :( #droidsblow 
i now like 2 fleetwood mac songs . #officiallyanadult :( 
like seriously what do they have that i don't ? 😔 
USERNAME bro , my bunion is killing me . :( 
USERNAME i swear i tweeted you happy birthday ! :( mehh i hope your day was fantastic ! 
USERNAME i'm writing one , too . about jews . #mazeltov anywho , you better see me before we leave for break ! slash before i turn old :( 
USERNAME ur the one picking on me 😪 😢 😖 
USERNAME USERNAME this is way too soon too but ... rip owen hart :( 
i am so ready for winter break #toomanytests 😥 😱 👎⛄ 
i love USERNAME but he doesn't love me :-( #sadstory 
USERNAME no calls man ! ! ! even taron came i missed y'all :( 
never mind my phone won't let me go down past 30days ago :( 
wow thanks car for hitting my hip ... go home ... hurt and hurt ... wishing to talk to her ... :-( #baddrivers #girldriverssuck #hurt #lonely 
the thought of the feeling ima get if i goto westys basketball games <<<<<<<<<< 😒 😔 #givememyuniformmontijo 
am tired of having to feel like this .. 😔 😓 
USERNAME sorry ... it's for softball of course 😒 😣 
USERNAME i tried to be the first , but i'm at work :( 
something good just needs to happen to me soon #depressed #ugh 
i need my pill to sleepp , but it's all the way in my car 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME & USERNAME they're being mean to me :( hurt them 
i just want some zz's but can't fall asleep ! :( #sickkproblems ! 
there is nothing on tv for me to watch at this time of night :( #bummed 
it just started pouring ...... fml . i can't even deal :( #foreverhidingundermyblanket 
#confession i'm so short that i don't have to duck under the volleyball nets at school 😒 😒 😒 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME just discovered its some homemade recording of a random dude reading it . almost unlistenable . total bummer :( 
USERNAME hahaha 😔 it's fun .. but i'm fucking up .. i wanna learn for real .. 
i just wanna sleep but i know i'll wake up itchy . 😥 
USERNAME they're not reliable 😒 lol lame comeback i know 😢 USERNAME how dare you favorite this tweet ... 👿 
sporting my #basketball #sweater ! miss playing ball ... #gcc #college 🏀 😔 URL 
okay vegas can i please have my boyfriend back now 😞 
kevin & i were soo close over the summer we talked everyday , what happened ? :c 
USERNAME whhaat ? ! you're changing our mind ? ! :( 
i wish my emotions had an on off switch 😔 
i need to get back on my workout grind . idk who to believe anymore . some say i lost weight and some said i've gained . 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME hahaha why thank you ! i miss those days so much :( can't wait to see you <3 
yo sometimes i wanna rt something but it'll look so bad if i do lmfaoo 😭 😭 
everyone makes me feel 😡 how USERNAME makes me feel 😔 
she sends me hearts wen she says nite ... but i know its as meaningless as a period at da end of a sentence :-( 
nothing like sitting at the vet er at 1am my poor doggy is sick again :( 
my internet isn't working , therefore i can't watch netflix #fml 
i just wanted to know i'm so so sorry 4 asking u that damn i feel dumb :-( 
USERNAME yes but i'm so broke and fat ! ! ! ! ! ! :( ( 
i really can't wait to see my sister and gloria i'm gonna cry tears of joy wen i see them 😭 😭 
ima bout to cry my self to sleep :'( nights 
someone come turn my fan off :( i'm too cold to get out of bed to turn it off . 
i wish i could have a pig , lion , monkey , dolphins , & more animals ! i want a farm :c #tomuch ? 
talking to you feels really amazing , but i know its going to fuck us over in the end #sadtweet #grr 
sorry for all the tweets guys 😔 i'm going threw a really rough time right now . 
getting on the plane home :( ill miss all of you . thank you again for the good times 
y the fck am i up right now i have to be up for class in 6 hours :( 
USERNAME i don't want to go by my self lol but i have no other choice 😣 i love i can go whenever i can't sleep it's legit 
USERNAME ur so mean and i thought u were nice than ur sister 😣 
that feeling that hurts around my heart is back , noo :( 
i have class at 11 :( wahh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
girl's night out for angela's birthday ! 🍦🍦🍦🍦🍦regan (the black guy ): where's a @ farrell's ice cream parlour URL 
i really don't want to be at work .... and i don't have a day off until friday😩 😭 #overtime 
all the books i might wanna read in this ibooks shit cost money . ain't nothin free no more 😔 fuck economy man 
can't wait to go to a 3 hour study session tomorrow ): 
i think i'm getting sick ... my throat hurts ): 
i'm always talking about loving guys who have a ton of tattoos watch me may someone with none .. :( ( 
i miss my grandma i wish she was still alive :'( 
fucking phone got stolenn ! awesome ! 😡 😥 📵 
USERNAME noo 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫 
if i say come back enough times , do you think god will let you ? .. </3 
i miss my sistahh from anotha mistahh USERNAME :( #babycomeback lol ♥ loovvee youu 
USERNAME yess :( why didn't we think ahead of tiime ? :( 
now that i'm home and in my bed i can't sleep 😔 
USERNAME haha you guys are dumb ... # 😦 😕 
how much i miss my boyfriend right now<<<<<<<< :'( #cantsleep #missyoutoomuch #comeback #pweeaasseeUSERNAME 
tbh pedro was my friend , we bonded cause our last names is ramirez but he forgot about me in high school 😭 
i almost forgot about the super shitty thing that happened to me today .... i lost my tranny dipstick ! #fml 
just got the worst news in the world 😥 😥 😥 i'm not gonna sleep at all tonight ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
it's times like these when i would text you and we would chat for hrs about everything :( 
finally home . from santa maria that was the longest drive i ever drove and the hardest see you later i ever said :'( i am gonna miss him . 
USERNAME i know , no matter what ill always love you like my little sister 😔 
i always think about my grandma before i go to bed rip :'( 
i really need USERNAME to crack my back ... #inpain 😔 
this cough will keep me up all night ... and the coffee 😣 😣 
i never should of shaved my gnarstache ... that shit was respectable . 💔 💔 💔 💔 
i just want to talk to you ! but its your turn to text me </3 
USERNAME lol :( well that hurt my lil ass heart lol you know ima cry baby lol 
where is my bestfriend ? ? his hoe ass is always missing in action when i need to talk ! 😢 
one more pic left , why can't i delete it 😔 😡 💔 #ugh #gointobedupset #alwaysabadthing 
today's the last day of #karensbirthweek 😢 😭 😭 😢 
wth my iphone makes me look like i don't know how to speak :( 
i really miss late night conversations with you .. #sadtweet #sub 
i guess it really wasnt that important to you . #sadtweet 
i feel like a loser bc i hardly have anyone to tlk to since my phone always decides to delete my numbers . 😔 
USERNAME never again will i get to watch step brothers :( 
USERNAME you know how i roll . you should see my singing to miley . hilarious . sucks that you have to dl the app :( 
USERNAME hey , i've tweeted kevin durante . one if my favorite players there in austin . totally got the silent treatment . what a downer 😢 😥 😪 
i can be life changing in someone's life but i always get judged before they really know me :-( 
“USERNAME according to everyone i look like her 😭 URL weak ! ! .. u got the same lips haha 
i have a feeling i'll spend my life trying to please others .. 😔 
USERNAME it's definitely a plus . i just hate going places by myself . seen way too many scary movies 😞 
these people in the room next to are fucking pretty loud ... #fml #nosleep 
i really want the nicky minaj perfume . it smells effing amazing . : :c ough: :c hristmas: :c ough 
USERNAME i wanted one cause i was there today , they're just so damn expensive :( 
never thought i'd loose you til now ... i'm so sorry ! i can't stop crying ... #forgiveme #depressed #alone 
i just realized that rachel mcadams played both allie from the notebook and regina george 😳 😧 #woah #tf ? ! 
aww what a nice friend c: hehe they ain't even gonna follow me :c URL 
happy birthday gramps </3 rest on paradise . i love you . 
i talk to myself just to hear my voice now i'm just tweeting to myself to keep myself occupied ! #sadtweet 
i cannot sleep , i am so stressed out now ! ! 😔 
USERNAME wah :( i will in like 8 days ! 
USERNAME USERNAME boo :( im having a party in december ! 
why ? ? ? ? ? #jocelynwildenstein plastic surgery addict ! ! ! ! ! ! sad :-( URL 
USERNAME USERNAME :( i was in the back . hidden away . #hermioneproblems 
#confessionnight i spent these holidays with mc last year . & this year , they'll be alone . :( 
oh my god ........ my stomach hurts soo bad ! ! ! ! :( ((((((((((( am i dying ? #forcereal 
why does everybody hate my babe joel ? 😭 😩 
heart . breaks . 💔 i miss too many people ! 
man i went and fucked up rdr ! ! ! now i know the ending ! #reddeadredemption #cry #xbox #sadtweet 
USERNAME never text me while driving ever again . i mean it .. now i'm scared as fuck ): 
USERNAME too bad i can't just bring you home with me 😥 
#confessionnight i've spent so much time on people that never deserved my attention in the first place 😔 
awh , hayden's coughing and it's so sad . :( 
we all have that creepy person from out of state who blows up ur fb message box . ): #goaway 
miss my little loo like crazy :( ( #niece URL 
and both movies were realized in the same year ! my fourth grade year 😧 i feel old ... 
i'm so sleepy but don't want to sleep 😔 💤 
USERNAME USERNAME i was a hot mess at my own birthday lol 😭 😭 😭 but i love dem 
USERNAME i feel so bad for you ! ! ! 😢 do you have to work next sunday too ? 
ugh those people that sell tacos don't know hot to make hot sauce , they leave it to watery and with no flavor 😔 
ughh ! i hate how one moment i'm cold and then the next i'm hot . #fml 
early blues u only cry 😥 😰 and feel so deep and yet another day of loving yourself 
only thin missin dis weeken was a visit frm my #lilbigbro USERNAME 😔 
USERNAME i know right ? noo 😔 not anytime soon ! anytime your gonna visit palmdale soon ? 
the fact that USERNAME just ran and jumped in bed with me cuz we have a ghost in our room 😭 #whatthefuck 
oh no . oh no . realised i've been using #redcupchallenge & not #redcupschallenge - for USERNAME comp :'( entered every day ! 
#confessionnight god gave me a beautiful voice .. but im to damn shy to use it . :( 
USERNAME only texts me back when she's bored 👎 😔 😒 😭 
USERNAME i had to appear in a district court , so i wanted to look more presentable and not like a coke head :( 
USERNAME :( why , and still dm me your adress i'm off tuesday , i wanna see you ! ! 
i fell asleep too early now i'm all wide awake 😔 
USERNAME its ok i was eating chips too i was just angry that there was so little in the bag ): 
thinking of how much i miss sunny 😢 #rip baby girl #bestdoggyever 
idk what to do anymore i feel like i need to let her go but she does not want me to leave what do i do what right or what she wants #fml 😔 😞 
USERNAME i haven't heard one bad reveiw . missed it in theaters here . :( 
i guess i'm just stingey and dont want to let you go ... ): 
why does baseball season have to end ? :( #iwantmygiantsback #nolifeduringpffseason #springcancomenow 
don't ever call me that word ..... 😔 😒 😞 
words can't describe how much i miss USERNAME 😭 😭 😭 😣 😔 
not so happy everyone's off tommorw and i have to work . 😣 
USERNAME i was waiting for him to come out of the back :( 
how sad that no one is awake at this time 😔 
most of all i'm going to miss daddy seth :( ( lol 
hate not being able to sleep , idk how ill wake up tomorrow :( 
my hair is do fucken dead 😭 😭 😭 😖 
USERNAME don't have to preserve for long , season ends in february :-( ( 
my girlfriend is askinng for an accident to happen 😒 😔 
USERNAME i miss you too 😔 😔 😔 text me right now 
USERNAME aw :( maybe i'll see you next time . 
USERNAME well maybe .. 😥 i rather you not though . 
USERNAME i'm jk baby ! geez ur mean bad wife 😞 
USERNAME word 😮 , but for real we should go ghost haunting 😦 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :( :( well come up here nd we shall go bar hoppin 
USERNAME shiit just out the shower after work tired af but not sleepy 😣 
USERNAME i can't help it , i feel like that song was made for me 😔 
i just want to sleep ! why is it so hard to stay asleep throughout a night ? ! :( 
damn finna watch a flick 2 nights straight no pussy :-( feeling weak 
USERNAME :( miss you too braj . hey is there some sort of game going on in cville friday ? id like to hang . 
USERNAME they better be nice to us , especially after accepting some of the people that they did . we need it soo badly :( 
USERNAME don't have to suffer for long , season ends in february :-( ( 
i've gotten to the point of boredom where i'm driving around on gta like normal , even pulled over to post this .... haha i'm weird i know 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME i cant even see the damn emojis . #fml 
should i smile because we are friends , or cry because i know that is what we will ever be ? :[ #him 
all i need is just a hug ! i just gotta shed some tears ! ! ! 😓 😢 😰 😥 my life is complete shit ! 
i wanna see u but u don't wanna see me 😢 💔 
USERNAME i don't want you to get in an accident dummie ! 😣 
nothing worse than the sound of sunny's cry . not even staying up all night to read and write stupid essays . #fml thank god for my boys . 
#confessionnight i miss my brother , alot :( rest in peace . 
sleeping early today no one txting me -__- #lonely #sadtweet #goodnight 
why is this bothering me so much ? ! 😢 
i'm not gonna be with my family or my friends for my birthday 💔 
USERNAME we never got our jbiebs tickets😩 😥 😭 💔 
every time i read that i feel like crying ._. </3 
oh man its going to be so cold tomorrow :( 
USERNAME ill get drunk w you this weeknd , like so drunk you'll tweet about me . sorry i didn't come thru 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i still wanna hear it 😭 😭 😭 
urgh when did i finally catch up on homestuck i can't remember :c 
USERNAME you don't follow me anymore :( sad day ... 
i wish my baby USERNAME would wake up 😡 😡 😔 
a goodnight text could really make my night right now 😔 
derrick sleep :( , im bored . . . i wanna talk otp ! 
i wish i didn't have school in the morning 😢 
damn , i wish my bitch looked like a bag of money . 😔 
aww , wondercon is being held in social again ? :( 
i wanna see wreck it ralph ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ): someone go with me ! 
i miss my buddy ): he wont talk to me for some reason #misshim URL 
USERNAME i'm sorry but you already know what break out friendship .. ! :( 
choosing a bed time documentary that is in subtitles > :[ #thatsthatshitidontlike 
oh no ! he passed before USERNAME even got there :( so sad #rhom 
USERNAME i need to see you this weekend .... its been to long :( 
USERNAME lol definitely agree , but that's just a few steps away 😣 
dammit .. these are times i wish he didn't have a twitter .. #fml 
don't got a attitude .. just dk why you said oh to that tweet 😔 
USERNAME ya now i'm ballin , out here stunnin livin a real flashy life , fast whips an fly chicks ! ! haha jk none of that ! ! ! :( haha 
when you have so much racing inside your head that you can't sleep ): 
sad cause i'm not gonna spend aubrey's birthday with her :( 
i wish i could get sweet texts 😔 but i never do . 
no body will ever understand how broken i am . not even my mom or my bestfriend or you . . </3 
i wish i would have chose me instead of us 💔 
USERNAME i know it's freezing .. my nipples are so hard :( 
ilk official kar topu savaşımda ağzımdan burnumdan sokmasalardı keşke karı bende boğuluyorum sanmasaydım , keşke 4 kıza 7 erkek olmasaydık :( 
why does uncle ben always have to die ? ? 😔 😢 #spiderman 
USERNAME you're the only friend i'd keep even though you're republican :( 
USERNAME do it for me :( i’m using gouache , but still difficult ! 
. i prefer not to , they dont gaf no way USERNAME :( 
said my final goodbye's to USERNAME it got really emotional . fuck ima miss her . :/ make us proud . dont kill arabians tho .. :( 
USERNAME aww kisshiess c: ahaha ! i can't take this ! its too weakening 😭 😪 URL 
i miss #oomf so much right now , omg ... i'm in a crappy mood because of it . ): 
first night since wednesday that ill be sleeping alone 😔 
cod bo ii comes out tomorrow and my x box is in florida #fml 
#confessionnight i don't like saying that i'm the best she's ever had cause at the end of the day there's always something they did better . 😣 
USERNAME i quit studying and i'm already all cuddled up in bed 😔 sorry ! but enjoy mcd's and good luck , keep it up smarty pants ! 📚👌 
i'm so heartbroken for you ana . she lost her 50 shades . 😭 💔 
bo was crying and i got mad and put him in my moms bed to sleep with her ........ big mistake ! ! ! ! ! i miss him 😢 
the follower i like is in one of my classes and they dont even know it :( 
my baby haven't been home all wend n now she had to stay her aunt cause mommy had to b at wk so early 😔 😔 miss my baby 
i want to play dragon age , weally bad 😔 
i think i should receive most dedicated award .. i'm gonna be lonely 😣 😣 URL 
freezing ! :/ wish babe culd jus stay the night n keep me warm :( 
#confessionnight i'm having a hard time letting someone go :( 
i am overwhelmed by knowledge and having difficulty dissecting the most valuable parts of my gatherings . lol :( 
tf snow 2morrow . ? ? ? my car doesn't have a heater :( 
sometimes i enjoy hurting people's feelings but right now i feel bad 😔 
USERNAME used to be . she dumped me . :-( i guess im too ugly 
never been in so much pain in my life . never had heartburn like this :( 
*yea man , u 2 live bruh ... let them chicken headz go lay eggz sum where else . ha ): ) 
i don't wanna read part 2, i'm already heartbroken enough . i can't bare to continue on reading about her pain . 💔 
had to stop following USERNAME today :( . hate it when amazing people give credit to a god and not their own sweat , tears , and hard work 
there is no way i'm getting any sleep tonight now . #sadtweet 
just started to tear up to USERNAME about being fat ... she told me to stop and eat a cookie but i already ate them all :'( 
ew , i have to sleep in a stiff dorm bed now ... #imisshome :( 
tha one thing i dnt ever want do is hurt u :( :( goodnight 
#confessionnight i voted for mitt but knew obama would win unfortunately :( 
i forgot about my politics test today :( ( i'm gonna need all the luck i can get #help 
so sleepy but can't fall asleepp .... i need my hair played with :( 
sucks to want someone who has all these girls up on him & you know won't settle down ! 😔 boy you will be mine someday ! 😘 💏🙌 
i left my tac's at USERNAME house 😕 😟 😥 
figures that the night before i have to go to work us the one night this weekend my insomnia acts up . i was so sleepy too 😞 
else anyone else's watching the walking dead and the volume isn't working ? ? #thewalkingdead #sadtweet 
USERNAME my colon has pancolitis & 25 cms of small bowel , areas of stomach affected & 3 strictures . i'm batting 1,000. :( 
USERNAME really ! ! ! ! ! ! you weren't following me ? #sadtweet #notfriendsanymore #unfollow 
so alan .... hes sitting next to me . he igmores me . he doesnt care if we r friends on 4square . sad . :( 
why can't adam levine be my boyfriend ? ! it's not fair ... :( 
USERNAME USERNAME my clothes are in storage :( . but i packed 2 sweaters , 1 snow jacket , 1 thermal , 1 jersey , and snow shoes for bella . 
USERNAME i wish it was cold in my room . it's soo hot :( 
hearin shit like that really breaks my heart . 💔 😢 
there's no way i'm gonna sleep knowing she's broken hearted , i must continue 😭 😖 
USERNAME :( wish i can be there ! ! ! i'm so happy for you , you really deserve it ! ! ! 
it is the end of an amazing era that i will never let go of . 😭 @ el rey theatre URL 
gaah , why does my body hurt ? ): maybe i should just like go to sleep . 
being in love with someone you can't have <<<<<<<<<<<< </3 [ honey cocaine ] 
up waayy to early .. gotta take my aunt and cousin to the airport :( it was too short of a visit . 
i've always had a terrible weakness for beautiful but sad things 😔 
i guess ill use a texting app .. fml fml fml fml ! 😫👎 💔 
USERNAME it wasn't made by you though ... 😔 #itsnotthesame 
regret watching all those scary movies .. i can't sleep #fml #ineedanightlight 
i wish i had a pizza from casa bianca right now 😔 
USERNAME can't sleep . usually the case . can't sleep when i should , sleepy when i shouldn't be . 😔 
USERNAME i cant sleep fame :( i keep thinking of my brother and o i heard noise 
mehh i needed to study 😣 😁 #epicfail #theresstilltomorrow #dangschool #collegeprobz #distracted 
USERNAME omg boo :( christmas break we have to go on a lunch date ! 
USERNAME that bitch 😩🐱 😢 .. she no nice betch anymore ! & people keep bangin on da walls ! like daa fuckk ? 
USERNAME how do you think i feel 😔 and i had tickets to the heat game ... guess i'm glad i didn't travel for it 
😒 😒 it's not even the psn that's acting up 😔 
i hate going to bed feeling like this 😔 and i just love when my best friends don't answer their phones 😭 it's only midnight guys 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME :( sorry but shit is sweet ;) now we just need her to quit work ! #bebacksoonbabe 
my eye is set on one girl , but she is over 400 miles away from me right now ... 😒 💔 
tears running down your face , wishing your bestfriend was there for you . . . 😢 
now that song is stuck in my head ! i'm never going to sleep 😔 😞 😖 😭 #beefsitupinmysleep 
it's so nasty what was i thinking 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i loovvee my eyeliner in my twitcon . too bad i probably will never get it that nice again :c 
noo my phones dying ! i have to leave now :( 
USERNAME hahaha it's early but ipod is dieing 😔 😔 😔 
my mom better give me money to die it 😭 😭 😭 😭 😘 
i burned my tongue earlier in the day ... it still hurts :( 
USERNAME i know right :-( i remember we use to be lol ! i was like in 6th grade ? lol ! 
broke niggas be tatted as fuck . if that's the case , i shouldn't have any excuse not to be . 😢 
still bored . 😳 a mosquito bit me on my cheek . 😔 URL 
llamenme rara pero ... yo nunca he probado la nutella ! v.v " 
USERNAME i planned on going but i got out from work way too late :-( cursive was playing too . double :-( 
when life is rough . . . what do i do ? #fml 
i hate putting mallorie to bed so late 😞 this is definitely not going to be a reoccurring thing . 
USERNAME USERNAME i miss it too ! :( finee ill go asap 
i totally blow it up for people lmfao :( cause i get lost a lot . stupid af 
USERNAME i knew it ! ! ! noo ! ! ! ! mike's open mike ? ? ? no simone's take away ? ? ? ? ? 😢 😤 😱 
i'm gonna miss driving 115 in my porsche 😓 😭 😭 😭 
i actually need someone hete for me someone who wont judge me :( ! 
tonight's only the first night .... this is going to be a long week . #gone #sadtweet 
USERNAME eh , im doing good well better .. sick though :( wbu ? 
USERNAME i don't know if that was a trick or what . but i actually leaped out of bed , ran downstairs and outside to check . :( saw nothin 
i have to fade it though ... smh no psn online game play ... this can't be life 😔 
USERNAME i miss you too ! 😢 you and your crazy ass sister . 
i'm tired a'f but can't go to sleep .. 😔 and then i ain't got no one to talk to .. ughh . 
i caint hold it anylonger why me ? why do i have to go through nights like these ? iknow theres people who got it worse but comeon man :'( 
USERNAME woop woop ! 3 famous people in one night ! but the one who means the world to me didn't yet :'( 
my fingers hurts soo bad cause i hit it in a car door 2day :( 
USERNAME it's not even late ! ! ! 😦 😈💂🌝🌞☀ 
thinking how to make this day special but kinda hard cuz never did it bfore 😔 
it's soo cold :( i need a cuddle buddy lol 
the only heartache i would have is losing you to somebody else b/c i couldn't make you happy .. 😔 
no sleep , head thumping .. i wish my son would sleep so i can too :( 
i wish my friends missed me every once in a while . #forgotten 😔 
on cold nights like this , all i want to do is cuddle .... with my teddy bear #foreveralone . #sadtweet #ralphwhereyouat ? ! 
USERNAME so . good . all my feels . it's kind of heartbreaking :( 
these fucking aspca commercials be getting to a thug man 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME you don't see what you have into is gone :( apriciate the persons that are there for you and care for you .. is a cold world 
what makes me miserable is not being able to meet USERNAME </3 :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME there's like 50 questions and they're so vague 😭 plus i have to do the goalie one too 👎 
wooww this is a great way to start my birthday </3 
wish i could sleep at a normal hour #fml #insomnia 
i smell like bonfire 😭 2nd shower of the day letssgo 
USERNAME i know 😭 😭 😭 has a stoner suppose to eat 
holding myself back from writing more lyrics ... sorry guys ... 😔 
USERNAME i miss you , where's your telefono woman ! :( 
those ppl you used to have long texting convos with constantly and now neither of you have time #sadtweet 
USERNAME my life without allie <<< 😔 we have too many crazy memories like high school wasn't real life . 
need to go to la or rancho i miss those two places :c 
USERNAME haha me too 😳 i have a headache i can't sleep 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME i asked her out & she hoed me :( lmfaoo 
USERNAME i might be able too come back wednesday but only for a week :( 
i hate that i cant sleep without this god damn teddy bear </3 
#shame i thought oomf was talking to me the whole time ... 😫😫 😔 
daria todo por volver a tocar el piano ! ! v.v " 
la verdad siempre me gusto tocarlo pero por cosas de la vida lo deje de hacer ! v.v " 
USERNAME i've dislocated my elbows so much they look funny :( 
whyy is the weekend over ? and why didn't i do my theory homework ? #fml 
USERNAME :'( i hate you ! do it jafet ! go ! do it ! nobody is stopping you ! i dare you ! you're not down ! 
i swear im the only gamer with a vagina on campus 😒 😔 
dun got my lil poor feeling hurt :( sumthing gotta give 
USERNAME uugh that sucks ): i was sick the first week of the semester , do not wanna be sick again . 
if i could , i would trade places with my girlfriend so she wouldn't have to be in pain 😢 
i feel like if i get attach to him i'ma get hurt like last time :( sucks not knowing how ppl feel about you -_- 
USERNAME it's okay , i know you hate me 😥 
. . . one of those nights :'( (@ camp shelby shitters) URL 
USERNAME i snapchated you the day before yesterday and you didn't reply :c 
#confessionnight i love USERNAME &USERNAME so much . and no one understand how much i want them to follow me 😔 😔 😁 😭 😭 
USERNAME it's painful to look at your avatar . :( 
USERNAME my placement test to my college is next week and im nervous as anything . can you wish me good luck ? i need it :( 
when's the 1 train going to run down to south ferry tho :c fuckk like it takes me forever now just to get to school -___- 
first time in a long time that i've felt self conscious #nogood 😔 
why isn't the heater on 😩 i'm so colldd ): 
USERNAME so am i ? iwas really convinced that he was going to come back 😢 
USERNAME no . i hella texted ju this morning :c  . 
USERNAME my question was groups inside the party , fyi i am a pti member for long time now n i dare to ask q from my leader :( 
the reason why i don't is because i don't know if it's the last time i will </3 
i'm done ! i fucking hate trying ! :c this sucks ! 
suarez scores and turns around to celebrate only to find no friends :( URL (via r/soccer) 
can i spoon with someone ? cuddle ? my room is cold . 😔 
wish i could go for a run right now . just too much shit on my mind :( 
USERNAME i'm so sad i didn't get to go 😢 
USERNAME mi cell fallecio :'( jajaja . sele murio la pila lol . 
restless nights bc of the thoughts of baseball . spring 2013 plz come faster :( 
i wish i could sleep ! ! ! ! :( 
not at home and can't find my contact case and i need to go to sleep ... help ! quick ! what to do ? ? 😣 
i wish i could just know that my mom's okay :( 
i will miss my bestie USERNAME tonight while watching the #steeler game 💔 🏈 #gettingdrunk #2daysstraight 
guess i'm bout to go to sleep since my iphone dry af 😔 😔 😴😴😴 
i have reached the last episode of steve carrell as michael scott , not going to continue the show :( 
USERNAME :( after my great grams died i was going thru pounds of trees . on some wizard kahlifa ish but i'm coo now .. u jus need time 
😞 lost with out my puppy dog #restinpeace baby girl URL 
we wanted phil ! why d'antoni ! ? #wewantphil #wewantphil #wewantphil #wewantphil #wewantphil #wewantphil jum buss you fucked up :( 
USERNAME yeah me too 😭 i was so happy when they told me , are you working tomorrow boo ? 💗 
USERNAME except all the bitches ... they're all gonna be dead ): 
“USERNAME 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 💔 " ben 
USERNAME i'm going to wsu ! i haven't been home in 2 months :( where are you tryin to move to ? 
carmina actually likes cold pizza . well she's unique 😊 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME it wouldnt let me tag you :( but it was an awesome night 
so upset when i go out my way to make plans to see you then it doesn't happen . #upset #sad #depressed #whatever #whatwasithinking 
goodnight . wish you can talk to me again . :( 
i must be really bored . i just responded to like 3 of USERNAME tweets . #sadday 
USERNAME i just made a quick turkey sandwich . and its pretty bad . bus was > 45 minutes late , got to stand in 36º weather for over an hour :( 
USERNAME hahaha david ! eww ! i didn't know i wrote back so i replied again -.- i felt stupid :( haha 
i have to wake up early tmrw to open at work :( #abercrombie #workinggirl 
i remember how we used to be i think sometimes what happened to us ? where did you go ? cause i never left . </3 
sometimes i fell my phone vibrate when it really isn't 😔 
my moms always like umm im on twitta . i never have anyone to text . :c 
jarrard anthony - (official video) (via youtube ): URL #soul #indiemusic USERNAME 
just gettin in .. i hope i don't get sick because i'm soaked .. ugh :( 
i should really go wash my face but i'm too comfy . fml . 😔 
USERNAME i don't use translate ! pero el texto me devuelven te extraño ! 💔 😔 
don't worry i notice you lol jk i'm not beautiful 👎 😔 😪 
my mom has finally agreed that my straightener has passed on . you have served me well for 8 years . fair well dear friend 😢 😭 🙆 
knowing good damn well i'm allergic to milk , i had to have me some cereal 😩 😞 😔 😣 
USERNAME not funny ! the wood in the box springs are broken and the mattress is old . 😭 
USERNAME i like you ass <3 when are u leaving boo ? :( 
i got that ill insomnia that'll probably never go away 😞 
soo much going through my mind 👎 😢 😔 😞 
my boyfriend went #m . i . a , :c 
USERNAME USERNAME i need you guys so much right now 💔 
USERNAME USERNAME aww babes . i miss you . baseball games won't be the same .. 😥 
honestly don't wanna go to back home tomorrow 😔 5 days have gone by waay too fast ! 
😭 i'm . in . pain . i want my boyfriend . 
can't sleep at all and i gotta be up at 8 in the morning :'( 
when USERNAME dont answer my calls <<< 💔 😣 😭 
i 😣 cannot 😔 sleep ! ! ! ! 😡 
are you fuckin kidding me ? ! ? ! :'( 
USERNAME happy birthday anahi ! ! ! ! ! :{ d 
haven't slept at adrienne's house since the night before we went to miami 😭 wah wish that was the plan for tomorrow 
realizing i haven't even see . USERNAME in forever ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME USERNAME how about you guys come see me ? yes ? oh , ok no . never mind ... </3 
who steps on their iphone charger and breaks it ? of course my boyfriend would ... lonely for the rest of the night . 😔 
why am i up , can't sleep this sucks 😔 
i need you here so i can lay in your arms with comfort and my mind and emotions at ease .. 😔 😔 
dang two hour time difference 😔 i guess it will just have to wait til tomorrow when your not asleep 
no snow ! 😞 😣 😤 😖 😩😫 😢 😭 😠 😡 👿👺👹 
the fact that she already has a weak immune system and it's winter is not makin it any better . my poor baby 😢 URL 
nagpaparami xia ng followers > :( dayaa ! ! #matamaansapul 
i wish i could just start working at a hospital and not have to go to college . meh . :( #sickofschool 
bike party ! ! or go with my friends :( tough decision 
my cough wakes me up , i'm so sleepy ): 
up til 3 am studying ... #dedicatedstudent #goodnight 😔 😴 
i need to get into comfortable clothes but i don't wanna get up because i'm too lazy :( 
all these eyes know are sadness these days 😔 #broken #numb 
sin hambre , sin sueño & deceando irme pa mi casa 😣 😣 
USERNAME sleepy :( videos later when i wake up >___> ㅋㅋ 
USERNAME USERNAME 9ers tied . falcons lost . alabama lost . the fuck ? ! :( 
get out of my bed ! ! ! i just wanna go memes :( 
“USERNAME the lakers have a new head coach . and it's not phil jackson . URL 😞 👎 
USERNAME USERNAME lacey we could be a big deal ! why you always hatin on me :( 
shoot them both ... please , they creep me out :( 
god doesn't want me in twitter jail , because my phone would rather die then let me go ! 😊 😭 😅 
USERNAME seems unlikely 😔 but hey if your ever up and bored i'm always up at this our of you want someone to talk to 
been tossing around since i fell asleep ; feel like crap :( my stomach is killing me . 
i really wish me and my momma had a better relationship . :( 
kinda miss her annoyin self </3 my stupid squishy :( 
i honestly wanted phil jackson , but he's too old now :( mike d will be alright i guess . 
USERNAME i miss you too :( and no you always disappear on me :o 
had ta let USERNAME go ta bed cuz he gotta b at work earlier than me 😞 
i always wanted a two door cinema club shirt :( 
can always count on kaye when i need her ❤ 😊 😔 👭 
USERNAME bottle caps , yes ! solution , no :( 
i couldn't belive you </3 if you bleed i was down to bleed with you :'/ 
late night snack with the sis , didn't get enough of her this weekend 😔 #highkeysisterlove URL 
USERNAME no . i wish 😔 😭 i miss him . 
i need to stop falling for #scorpios like #asap . i'll love the shit out of you , but #gemini and #scorpios apparently don't mix well 😒 💔 
USERNAME i don't have any solution though , can't find that either 😔 
damn this sucks :( bet if i was absolutely gorgeous like all the other girls you'd be interested > :( 
better slow down on twitter , otherwise it's twitter jail again #shitidontlike 😣 
USERNAME theres a hole in my effing chest . 😭 
my parents are right , i am by far , the worlds biggest fuck up . 😔 
carlos deleted my mean comment on his insta picture 😢 
#confessionnight i wish i had a cute boy to take me out on my 21 birthday this weekend 😔 
i relaized , ang lakas pala talaga maka squatter yung lalo na sa public place . lakas maka squatter/palengke :( #dayukdok 
nobody ? what ? i have no friends ? ok 😔 
i remember when i used to wear a double 0 in pants , now my fat ass wear a 9 😔 
ive been in the bed since 11:00 .. sleep just refuses to be myy friend 😔 
everybody left and am by myself now ! ! ! 😞 
i just want 2 go sleep but i can't ! 😭 
USERNAME ik i wasnt around a phone to call yu i apologize :( 
when you like a guy buh he dont like you back .. :l oh well ... </3 
USERNAME try facing that after 6 years in college and with experience , but no and extra licenses . i feel your pain . :( 
i was having the best dream ever😴 ! USERNAME was even in it .... i hate dude for waking me up . 😠 😢 😔 
realizing that there's basketball for high school tomorrow and i'm not gonna be apart of it . #sadtweet . 
i thought coming back to arcata would help getting my mind off of things but now i just feel lonely :( #beingalonesucks 
i wish i had a cute boy to take me out for my 21st birthday this weekend 😔 #confessionnight 
i miss oomf . talking , texting , tangoing , random phone calls & face timing 😣 
so , i was flipping through channels today and freaked out because i saw a USERNAME look-alike then cried because it wasn't him ... :( 
i could already tell my sister is gonna turn out to be a drama queen when she grows a lil older . 😞 
USERNAME lol i'm lactose :( no milk shakes for this girl 
USERNAME i have ! during class ! but you chose not to give it to me :( 
i hope we i dont get a ticket in the mail for driving on that new express lane :( 
USERNAME were going to get em soon ... :( i wanna see my babyy 
think my medicine kicked in a bit . goodnight ... i think 😩 😭 
USERNAME don’t call me bitch , bitch ! ): < 
got my job to get closer to you and now we don't talk .. like at all .. #sadtweet 
USERNAME i really did , i was like wahhs going on ! 😥 
too bad i don’t have my head phones . no r&b for me tonight 😔 
i miss my fuckin cuzn he's always the one i go to in need nd nw i cnt :( i hope he comes home soon 
o değil de , şu kırılan masum kalp yok mu ? işte onun mevcut durumu içimi iki büklüm etmeye yetiyor . :-( 
USERNAME when are you going to see me :( #sadtweet 
USERNAME oyy ! ! good luck with all that 😧 ! i'm sure you'll do great though 😉 👍 wish i could help but i know nothing about bio lol 
sitting here reading walking dead , about to go take a last look at the stars before heading back to l . a . :-( URL 
today has been terrible on so many levels . i don't remember a previous death anniversary that hit me as hard as this one . 💔 
that moment when you try to figure out why someone hates you so much but , you honestly can't think of anything you ever did wrong to them . 😣 
can't sleep , cause of this fever . ! 😢 👎 
starting to get tired but not enough to fall asleep yet 😞 😲 
i took a sleeping pill and i'm still awake 😔 
i hate when people take serious pictures , bitch you look constipated . how am i supposed to take you serious ? 😞 
still up at 3am bc i have a #glee addiction . #fml #tired 
so since ur mad ur not gonna remember the name ! ! ... wat did i do ? ? :( 
USERNAME yay that's good ! wish i could of came out ! :( 
USERNAME i know ! hasn't even started filming yet :{ 
shame USERNAME can't even call so i can fall back to sleep ! 😔 
soo pissed off right now im ready to give up in stupid photos . > :( this semester just makes me feel i shitty n wanna just give up .. #failure 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i miss the dream team more than any of you can imagine :( 
im so sleepy , but this movie makes me paranoid . ): #needasleepingbuddy . 
my throat is so sore tho . 😞 niinight ! ! 😘 💋 
i have hella candy but i'm too lazy to go get it 😔 
USERNAME no not at all :( the weekend was awesome ! 
USERNAME awh i might miss it , my pass expires on sunday 😔 
like seriously , i told USERNAME ididnt wanna 💩 because the 🚽 seat was gonna be cold 😣 😣 😣 😏 😏 
at one point things were great . so where did we go wrong 😔 
when i can't sleep i do crunchies . when i can't anymore i do squats . when i can't squat anymore i ea t.t hen sleep 💪💃😴 #wierd #workout #sleep 
depressed that USERNAME wasn't on #glee this past week ! ! :( 
people posting about the day justin dies . seriously ? ! i don't want to think about that right now </3 
and it's always somehow my fault and then i carry the burden on my shoulder .. 😥 😪 😢 
had to swallow a whole bottle of ibuprofen hopefully it gets rid of this headache :( 
hopefully a little michael buble pandora station will do me justice; fingers crossed . #upset #crying #sadtweet 
USERNAME yeah , lol and i didnt :( lol you ? 
my life is so hard , i wish i was never born 😩 😭 
opted for a bag of apples from walmart .... bad decision :( 
i want to say ohh well but it's going to be in my head all day </3 
whyy am i still awake ! urgg soo frustrating 😔 
USERNAME aw that sounds like the worst thing ever :( sending you a hug threw twitter lolol 
USERNAME hiaehuaehuae ah ta , foi so um pouquinho . não ta acomulando pleas ruas etc . como sobrevive ao frio ? :( ( comendo ? q 
i keep lowering my standards but they are apparently still too high . 😔 
oops . i upset #babyboy by teasing a lil too hard 😥 i legit feel bad . hope he can forgive me 😔 
brianna i love you 😭 💚 ❤ 💙 💛 💜 
finally home ,, gonna attempt to get some rest in a lil bit 😞 
lmao rt USERNAME leo makes me text people i dont wanna text with all these songs lol 😣 
i don't have any 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME hay pensandoo si pararme de la cama pa poner mi cell a cargal oh noo 😥 ya k se me va a pagar 
USERNAME yea be glad you don't live here in colorado like i do . no cuddle buddy :-( 
going to sleep knowing that this week is going to be a very tough one physically and emotionally . #preparingmyselfnow 😔 
USERNAME haha , i’m genetically predisposed to carpal tunnel so it’s a constant battle :( 
USERNAME lol i want you to make me hot chocolate and quesadillas tomorrow :( 
i want to say i have friends like real friends but i'm not sure i do . i love the girls i work with two of them in particular .. but a bff no :( 
still awake can't sleep . nervous for my test tomorrow :( 
but i think most of it is because i miss my family and boyfriend ): #goodnight 
i wish i had someone i could call all hours of the night and know they would be there to listen to me cry or talk , i miss emily so badly :( ( 
USERNAME es k hay noo me kieroo parar prefieroo k se apage :( 
USERNAME :( it's a bad habit; but i'm sorry ! lol i was just playin 
had a horrible week last week and this one prolly not going to get much better . this is straight up disappointing . #fml 
i just went looking for my big mexican blanket of the virgin only to find that my mom gave it to my niece . devastation at its finest . 😢 
USERNAME hahahahah you are cute ! ! ! i need new ones too :( i'm thinking the big ones .. geeky ones 
USERNAME :( ( way to depress me lol waah ! ! ! come to me baby ! 
glasses , hockey jerseys while watching miracle ... we miss hockey 😭 😖 😫😤 💔 #hockey #nhl #d @ tropicana del norte URL 
my bestie didn't call me & told me her joke of the day lol 😔 
USERNAME how could you break poor adams heart :( hopefully it makes for a great next album 
real shit i miss #oomf soo much but i kno that's a closed chapter ! 😔 
my heart hurts so fucking bad .. make a decision before i have to make one for you . </3 
USERNAME yes mam ! ! ! 😭 😭 😭 (going outside) 
gotta work a double tomorrow but i can't sleep tonight . #fml 
bout to be up all night . shame on me , i never learn 😔 
i can't believe i missed the notebook tonight . ): #sadtweet 
sometimes that feeling you get when someone leaves is the loneliest , most shitty feeling ever . :( 
cool same nightmare every time i fall asleep #wtf 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
i hate it when i show USERNAME a song on guitar .. and then he plays it twice as better than me ): #god 
tossing and turning awake in bed is the worst feeling ever #insomnia 😥 😫 
pitch black room with claims casino playing . all i need is blunt 😔 
the ambulance is in my neighborhood i hear crying ! :( 
i know . :( rt USERNAME being single is so fucking boring 
wsh rj3ni irvine ana😷 .. i wanna go back to sd 💔 
USERNAME aha true but i cant this week :c and i'm but going to renew my pass till december prolly :o 
it'd be sweet to sleep through the night for once without waking up . > :( 
my bed is too big for me to sleep in it alone :( #helpme #firstworldproblems 
wishing you were with me right now while i'm sitting up thinking #sadtweet # :( USERNAME 
really considering giving up an goin back to cleveland this is way to out of hand right now :( 
my bed is too big for me to sleep in it alone :( #firstworldproblems #helpme 
feel like i'm losing my mind ! ! after nine long months ... then losing you so its two heartbreaks all in one ! ! #breakups #respect #nolove 🔫 💔 😢 🍻 
exp . enchantment tables and breeding also some . bug fixes coming in the nex t.t wo patches 
USERNAME i don't get why i have class tomorrow ! :( save mee 
i love the cold but i'm really devastated that i have to sleep with my window close now :( 
USERNAME you're telling me ! 😭 soccer is my life like i don't know why do with myself anymore .... 
so no phil jackson .... 😔 fuck it lets contact michael jordan to be the lakers new coach 😏 👍🏀 
#thatawkward moment when nana says free palestine and youre drunk lol but you like a jew 😭 
can't sleep 3 days in a row now . i don't understand why though ..... #fml 
i just know that i need to stop listening to songs that bring me down . </3 well anyways goodnight ! i had fun talking to new people ! <3 
USERNAME so sad :'( really precious memory :'( miss doing performance .. miss dancing w/ ballet shoes :'( apa kabar point shoes g wkwk 
i fucken hate dilemas man . ! ! ! ! ! :( 
USERNAME deve ser coisa de estadunidense e panelinha :( ou eu sou muito tosca pra galera aqui 
USERNAME USERNAME i didn't say that . that was casey on my phone ! :( 
USERNAME i know 😔 keeping each other warm 😁😁😁😁 ❤ 💜 💚 
i hate when i smoke while wearing my leather jacket it makes is reek for daays :( 
USERNAME i'm just kidding puta 😞 lol have you noticed you say a lot haha 
we never know how precious moment is until it become memory :'( 
USERNAME i don't have my phone 😒 and well you could do the same thing 😞 
USERNAME okay well i'm sorry if yu think dat yu wasted 6months on me :( i still love you n i wanna be w/ yu but idk maybe were nt rite 
bitches thot iht was funny , i was shitting bricks :( 
r . i . p granny ! goodnight ! 😴💤 💔 
but hey who am i ? somebody told ‘em they were beat . 😔 😬 
up thinkin ! ! ! ! i do enough of that in the daytime i jus wanna sleep at night 😳 😁 😔 😞 😑 
great , now i'm afraid of statues along with all of the other emotional trauma #doctorwho has caused 😧 
USERNAME hahaha ! stop -.- i've always said it jafet :( i really have :( its my word ! i say it for everything in person -.- 
maybe if the ppl at church didn't judge me i would go to church every sunday but they dont want u to be your self there .. 😞 
veterans day . no blue eyed boy going into work 😪 💔 
my dog is having a nightmare in her sleep 😳 😁 😞 😞 😞 
they might think my name is oo shh , i make her cuss ... 😦 
dislike the fact that i roll over onto my left side and USERNAME isn't there next to me .. :( 
USERNAME i have my cook final exam wednesday and have to cook a delicious plate for the chef for my test too ... its over 35 chpts :( 
work work work , thats all i ever seem to do now , since i cant run for another 8 days . stupid stress fracture :( 
USERNAME i wish we were actually related ! ! :( 
i'm up wide awake and my baby knocked out and won't wake up 😔 😔 😔 
vickiesecrets be sendingg me all kinds of emails throughout the night .. be trynna catch me when im most vulnerable 😔 😒 
USERNAME lol get over yourself ! and i have no one :( 
USERNAME USERNAME or not . twitter sucks v.v if you have me on facebook , you can watch it there lol . 
meeting someone and just knowing they automatically hate you 😔 waahh just love me ! 
2 saat 50 dakika sonra uyanmak zorundayim . cok üzücü dimii :( 
i have acquired a gutter mouth over the years . not feeling too classy . 😣 
i feel like shit and have no one to text at the wee hours of the am #fml 
#confessionnight i forget stuff a lot >.< short term memory :c 
pandora is fucking up , like wtf ? y'all niggas can't be doing this to me :( 
why does my house have to be so sketchy 😭 someone please come save me 
USERNAME are you really just let us break up i thought you cared ? u must not if yur nt gonna fight for wat yu have :( 
these dudes out here would put they're dick in a doughnut now a days such a shame 😔 
USERNAME lol it's never the same after though smh 😔 
sad news . i didn't put the sheets back on my bed 😔 i'll be sleeping cold tonight . 
cause your name is juice hahahahaha ... no ? ): 
i'm going to be the least productive person ever tomorrow if i don't get some sleep 😥 😥 
i love waking up in the middle of the night #shitnobodysays 😔 
USERNAME wow i wish my mom did that for me :'( 
when USERNAME and USERNAME switched my phone with stevens in bio ... just remembered it . miss you guys 😭 😭 😭 
can't believe u went to sleep on me :( USERNAME 
USERNAME dude , the kids' toys keep going off here . 😥 
USERNAME follow back ? 😊 sorry for what i said that night i was too on ! 😔 
just now put my baby to sleep after 4 hours i feel so bad now she's sick :( must get rest so i can cater to her tomorrow nite :( 
i just saw a huge spider in my bed . i don't want to sleep in my room tonight 😳 😭 
if you don't slide down the stairs as commander video in bi t.t rip runner , you're a filthy casual 
i have more then 4h trying to sleep :( and more .. 
my dream of phil jackson coming back isn't happening :( 
stomachh startinqq back to hurt . sadly myy baee sleep :( 
no mini shampoos to take home from here 😩 💔 #thishotelhatesme URL 
magic mike depresses me .. like why ? ! ? ! ? ! 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i don't think anyone would suspect me of being how strong i am because of how skinny i am :( meh 
fuck i have to get up in 2 hours .... #fml 
:-( last night in america before home time , gana miss usa this place is amazing ! ! 
this is katt i got twitter jail fml :'( ima end up knocking out so peace :** 
USERNAME ur not follwing me i cnt dm u :( 
i'm torn down && can't find the pieces to rebuild 😭 😪 💔 
soo my phone deleted USERNAME number :( ahh man fudge 
i hate seeing my bestfriend upset .. and not being able to do anything about it :( 
USERNAME that's awful ! ! i'm so sorry . :( once , a long time ago , a girl i knew gave me a cassette tape of the smiths . i didn't like it . 
crushed everyone with that news haha we all wanted phil :'( 
been in 2 physical altercations w/ a resident n a male staff just stood there .... wut a guy . my body is sore :-( 
why would a niggah want it up the ass if the girl got tight pussy ? ? that shits suspect 😭 😭 
USERNAME what happens to your call and or following me ? (saddest face ever) 😢 
ugh ... i'm going to bed . fuck everything right now . i rather sleep then keep arguing . 😢 
as i'm planning how i'm leaving you come back and make me feel like its gonna be alright 😒 😔 
this was me on space mountain all alone 😔 so i pretended USERNAME /USERNAME was by my s @ disneylan URL 
USERNAME i have to be up in three hours :( 
watching the vow makes me miss USERNAME and rainy days in the dorm . this is depressing 😔 
oh and imma tell you again ... but i'm just saying you could do better 💔 
just wish this was easier .. daddy why did you have to leave ): 
USERNAME still . not remotely sleepy . been in bed for two hours :( 
USERNAME :( i know , i can see people clothesless now 
USERNAME i can't pass the quizzes :( that's why i'm trying to do the stupid h . w . >_< it really is it's ridiculous . 
at least most people don't have to work with the guy who broke their heart . players 😔 
probably gonna snatch this off the market before it's too late URL #insomnia #fml 
USERNAME i'm sorry boo . my phone died / :( 
man .... the movie united 93 is sad ... #gotmeweak 😢 
USERNAME i have five hours of lectures . they're always really interesting but i can't sit through that on little sleep :( 
hating adderall . feel like im getting no benefits lately , i just stay up and over think shit . i should just get back into masturbating #fml 
USERNAME i knoww ! if you didnt loose ur phone , its shut off . if its not shut off , you lost it . if you haven't lost it .. it breaks ): 
noo i'm down to only 2 pelon pelo ricos :( its like my 12 pck just disappeared . 
these 12 hrs are going to go by so slow 😞 😫 
USERNAME i didn't get a season pass ! i've been doing single game tickets and this is the first one i didn't get one for . ): 
i need to be held .... i cant sleep ... :( ( 
USERNAME we're you sad when we left shamrock ? i honestly felt rude for not saying bye after all that :( 
i love how tattoos feel . why can't my mom allow me to get more ? :( 
USERNAME USERNAME she was gonna be part of the club :( 
taylor i love you more than anything i'm srry for everything that's lead up to this ill do anything :( 
aww can some quirky guy right a song about mee :c 
there's a lot of things girls show to a guy be we guys temp to ignore the best of what they have to show 😔 
#confessionnight even if i had a million reasons to leave , i’d still look for one to stay ... 😔 
USERNAME i wish you would tweet me or USERNAME or you know someone who would actually be excited to be tweeted by you :( 
literally told a guy i didn't mean to drag him along and not being over someone yet keeps coming on to me like i mean the opposite 😔 
i need to get my sleep schedule back on track 😞 
USERNAME go to bed its past you bed time demon ! lol i can't sleep i watch a scurry movie :c <3 
i really thought by now i'd have attracted at least some interest in my area . :( after posting all my vids , pics and offered myself 4 sex ! 
USERNAME stop 😭 .... i'm gonna text you every day 😊 
USERNAME *gasp* why not whats wrong mijaa (mexican shit) ... well ma .. you see ... my vagina is gushing .. and im just way to drained to go :( 
3 exams this week .. why aren't i studying right now ? 😧 
i've never felt more alone than i do this very moment :'( 
USERNAME USERNAME at the music center at strathmore (april 26, 2013 ): north bethesda , md , us URL 
USERNAME i do :( haha i never said that lmfao ! 
USERNAME ahh ! ! omg that is thee worst ! ! ! christina is the reason why i left and to have another one is ahh ! ! i couldn't imagine :-( 
USERNAME i've been missing all of season 3 and all of season 5 of sons of anarchy :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME i hung out with v-dawg for a bit today but monique no 😢 and i leave tomorrow , not coming next weekend 😔 
.. i wish i had someone who completed me ... 😔 
i cant believe i had to go the hospital :( 
i'm such a crybaby . just saw an awesome christmas movie that had me in tears . 😥 
USERNAME im only be real , damm boo . 😔 
zb nevaru atkal neko ieest norīta :( jabeidz dzert . lv 
badminton tayoo ! ! ! > :( ( plshh hahahaha 
stuart little sleeps with me when i miss USERNAME and USERNAME :( 
USERNAME i'm so sorry i couldn't say bye to you today :( miss you already ! this weekend was cray . 
up at 3 am with a migraine 😢 this sucks ! 
my room , pillows , blanket , and no name smell like him . :c 
i really want to go on a sushi date . :( 
by far , this is the hardest thing i did in life , to tell her bye .... ): 
i must have the best job in the world ... #fml 
USERNAME hahha but yeah haven't talked to y'all in forever ): 
// descansa zuri ! ! yo ando con insomnio :( 
laying next to my baby in her toddler bed watching her temp every half hour 😞 i'm 
USERNAME oh no that's horrid . i'm so sorry . 😭 
pulling an all-nighter with USERNAME :( oh how i despise you int 201 #nosleeptillbrooklyn 
oh wow it's 3 and i got 8 o'clock class 😔 hope i get up in 4 hours ... or get a wake up call 😘 
USERNAME USERNAME at the independent (march 9, 2013 ): san francisco , ca , us URL 
man i thought i got a lot of sleep but it's barely 3:08 :( ((( 
USERNAME some girl over here looks just like you .. just without the boobs ): 
this is exactly what imma have to stop doing :( URL 
1am this nasty cold won't let me sleep uggh :( 
woke up this morning and i didn't see my other half next to me 😔 👈👈👈 
USERNAME rt even if i still cant do it :( 
i say ramen rather than oodles & noodles … makes it seem fancier and like a real meal . 😔 
i didn't have 4, but i'm fucked up ! amfs smh 😔 
3 blankets , 2 sheets , snuggie , and a fur throw . and i'm still cold as fuck ! 😣 
USERNAME yeah but he used to be uglier he's okay now ... remember when i started crying cuz he teased me ? ? 😭 
ily son even though u really don't mess with me anymore :( 
USERNAME USERNAME you were supposed to forget about that :( lol 
hah , gg kak dia ngomong lngsng ke temen aku klo dia g suka rt USERNAME USERNAME tauah . </3 suka kali sm kamu 
and seeing USERNAME tonight . i gave missed my wife 💛 😔 
so i guess jonny forgot we were supposed to skype today , well yesterday :( USERNAME 
oh good god almighty the end of #halo4 made me cry . no way . :( that was so sad . ughh whyy :( 
i want to take my sleep meds , but i'll sleep all day ): 
umm we're f*cked ! ! 😔 😥 😑 🔫 #weneedphilback 
i'm hungry and as usual there's no food here :( 
USERNAME i hate her ! kiefer is cute tho . poor baby ): 
ugly crying my eyes out .. i miss you so much nala 😩😫 😰 😥 😢 
up like i ain't got no job in . the morning 👉👉👉 😔 😩 
reminiscing on memories when USERNAME & i were inseparable #mishyou 😔 
USERNAME bleh probably the same days as chipotle . :( 
USERNAME me ! ? they're like a family of crackheads . it's sad 😔 i really feel bad for the baby . 
i can't go back to sleep now ! ! ! 😔 
80e @ 8th (sf ): :slow down 35 mph curve 3 miles ahead (was: high winds on bridge) 
80w @ bay brg incl (ala ): :slow down 35 mph curve 2 miles ahead (was: high winds on bridge) 
i can't go to sleep that movie was scurry :c 
#confessionnight i want jesse , more than anything . i miss calling him baby , cuddling , kissing and doing all these cute things with him . :c 
USERNAME go get me a cookie from the kitchen please ? & milk ? :( 
i need so many fucking turtles right now :( lmao USERNAME 
temperatures in the 30s in scv = my hands are literally ripping apart , boston-style again :( 
USERNAME still if we don't know people shouldn't judge or turn on him it's not right :( 
USERNAME hahahaha tell me about it ! we have soo much to do ! i think i have to start this monday off early . no sleeping in :( 
i'm only on page 14 of this book & i already want to punch anastasia/bella in the face ! > :( 
umm no , we're f*cked ! ! 😔 😓 😑 🔫 #weneedphilback 
man fuck this :/ i hate guys they make me feel so much worse then girls do :( imma just marry some tree or whatever :/ 💔 
same prob here . slept too much today . rt USERNAME i can't sleep :( twitter party ? 
USERNAME ee jaya bgoolk fagdeenkm :( inshallah etha rj3na ybelna nsyyr 3laikm 7ta omy tgol wlhaneen 4l kuwait w ahlha ;) 
grandma just said she thinks landon's getting a cold . 😔 oh no ! 
why did they decide to turn on a heater now ? ? ? so god damn hot :( 
trying to bust an all nighter but idk what to do but drink by myself USERNAME where the fuck my bros at ? :'( kick it thoe 2maro my pad 
4am: wake to kim’s tremors starting up again . :-( 
daily booth ! ! ! you are and forever will be my favorite website of all time . really sad to see you go ! ! ! <3 :( 
USERNAME cuz i didn't have a ridee :( i was lookin for one for the last month lol 
i gave up im not that educated bout basketball :( 
4:20am ... *lays down , close eyes* ...... *lifts head up , looks at the clock* .... -________- 4:25am ! #fml 
USERNAME i hate the internet here its not loading fast cuz everyone in the house is using it , i still didn't finish it :( 
goodbye miami and hello brazil 😢 💙 💚 💛 #brazil #nationals #vacation #awesome @ miami international airport (mia) URL 
i feel so hopeless , because there's seriously nothing i can do :( 
fuck i can't fall asleep .... damn medication . #ihatemondays #oneofthosenights 😞 😔 😣 
USERNAME i think they're both equally hard :( all that matters is that he won't be forgotten and he'll always be on our hearts . 
101n @ francis drake (mrn ): :novato 12 min petaluma 24 min sears pt 20 min 
101s @ san pedro (mrn ): :hwy 1 12 min gg bridge 16 min berkeley 18 min 
101s @ delong (mrn ): :hwy 580 12 min hwy 1 20 min sears pt 10 min 
24w @ lafayette (cc ): :o akland 12 min sf dwntwn 22 min oak arpt 22 min 
880n @ industrial (ala ): :o ak arpt 12 min oakland 18 min castro vy 9 min 
101s @ sierra pt (sm ): :sfo arpt 6 min rte 92 12 min rte 84 20 min 
280s @ foothill (scl ): :los gatos 14 min mtn view 8 min sj state 14 min 
17n @ los gatos rd (scl ): :sj arpt 10 min milpitas 16 min mtn view 14 min 
680s @ scott ck (scl ): :sj state 12 min cupertino 21 min s101 / 85 18 min 
24e @ broadway (ala ): :walnut cr 12 min san ramon 25 min concord 20 min 
101s @ chavez (sf ): :sfo arpt 12 min rte 92 18 min daly city 8 min 
80w @ weigh sta (sol ): :c arq brdg 14 min berkeley 28 min concord 20 min 
880s @ fremont bl (ala ): :milpitas 16 min sj arpt 22 min menlo prk 12 min 
17n @ summit rd (scl ): :slippery/wet roadway reduce speed 
17s @ summit rd (scz ): :slippery/wet roadway reduce speed 
92e @ hillsdale (sm ): :sfo arpt 12 min sf dwntwn 22 min menlo prk 12 min 
101n @ 23rd (sf ): :trsr isl 6 min oakland 14 min berkeley 14 min 
80w @ rdwd pky (sol ): :hwy 4 8 min berkeley 20 min concord 18 min 
80e @ 8th (sf ): :high winds on bridge (was: slow down 35 mph curve 3 miles ahead) 
80w @ bay brg incl (ala ): :high winds on bridge (was: slow down 2 miles ahead 35 mph curve) 
80w @ 13 / ashby (ala ): :sf dwntwn 10 min sfo arpt 24 min oak arpt 12 min 
80e @ university (ala ): :c arq brdg 14 min fairfield 30 min novato 24 min 
101n @ candlestick (sf ): :sf dwntwn 6 min oakland 16 min berkeley 16 min 
92w @ foster cty bl (sm ): :half moon 18 min sfo arpt 9 min palo alto 15 min 
92e @ foster cty bl (sm ): :high winds on bridge 
24w @ shattuck / 55th (ala ): :sf dwntwn 10 min sfo arpt 22 min oak arpt 10 min 
580w @ chetwood (ala ): :sf dwntwn 12 min carq brdg 20 min walnut cr 14 min 
580w @ castro valley (ala ): :hwy 13 12 min hwy 24 18 min sm bridge 12 min 
580w @ hacienda (ala ): :c astro vy 12 min sm bridge 20 min walnut ck 16 min 
why am i still awake ? i have to be up in 3.5h . :( 
i did not get me a dread head country boy ... :( damn 
looking through the emails he sent me & missing him even more . 😢 
damn , if i only had trey's singing voice 😔 
i'm puking every hour . wow .. so over this stomach flu shit . :( #getoutofmybidy 
why am i putting myself through this right now ? 😔 
USERNAME it's too cold to go get gatorade lol 😔 
USERNAME txt me . i didn't save your number the other night 😔 
i'm wide ass awake , but i can't fall back asleep ... :( 
USERNAME sorry i missed your call babe i fell asleep . & clearly you're sleep now lbs soo my face is like this :( <<<<< kay bye . ! 
damn i have to get up early ... fuckn funerals are depressing :( 
pain meds are wearing off . this is by far the most painful injury ive had :( 
jesus ! , justt hadd a scary dream :( ( 
USERNAME :( ( if i was close , i would have bought you some scoot . my dad cooked plenty lol . 
i cam handle being sick with most things except sinus pressure that makes my head fell like it's going to implode :( (( 
USERNAME nah . i live in quezon province and there is no way i can be there on time . unless if i leave home early . :( 
my dvd player wont play camp rock ... :( damnit i love that movie . no USERNAME for me tonight . 
i got let into the drinking section but USERNAME was too young :( 
really wish this thing wasn't due tomorrow , dont wanna go to pr tomorrow ugh :( #meep 
i miss you so much ! ! :( </3 URL 
i wish this dream i keep having would stop soon ... not healthy at all 😔 
i miss everything 😔 eh .... i'm going back to bed #askliam today wee 
original duck face ! 😭 💊🚬 @ montrose ave URL 
USERNAME weird ass score ... i wanted bears to win / :( 
i feel like i'm just up just to b up bra or i really just can't go back to sleep 😔 
USERNAME done you know how i said i wasn't going to give up well i am now you won :( its cos its 1:40am here still love you tho ! ! 
i have to pee but the power went out & i am scared that a demon is gonna get me 😑 😢 #no #wtf #fml 
USERNAME why is there no you in my life ? ! ? ? ! 😫 😭 
USERNAME ok maybe it didnt ... well yeah kinda , but i wanted some :( 
USERNAME you didn't tell a brotha you guys were gonna play bp tonight :( 
i didn't think i could miss my big brother this dang much .. i could really just use a hug .. can time just go faster already ? please ? ? ? :( 
noo ! you just don't like talking to me anymore ! 👎 😔 
lol ... my . motherly instincts are . kickin in ... n i need to be layin w . my shinky :( 
my stomach hurts now . going to sleep ! :( 
USERNAME :( sorry to hear that but i am sending you all of my energetic vibes so you can conquer today ! #gogogadgetemily <3 
USERNAME it's 4:40 here in nyc and i wish i was sleeping . i'm gonna end up sleeping all day ... :( 
wish USERNAME didn't fall asleep way before me all the time . :( whyy can't i sleep ? (@ rob & jane's) URL 
USERNAME haa haa , funny cus .... shit you's right :( 
i wish #oomf would give me the chance to talk to her 😔 
this is wayy too early to be up ... #fml #notamorningperson 
literally got a minute facetime call before beebz internet cut out .. 😢 
i wish USERNAME would snap chat me back :( #sadtweet 
being in love with someone who could never love you<<<<<<< -frank ocean 💔 
my throat hurts because the chisels i had were not swallowed right . #losingtouchwithmytechnique :( 
😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 i can't go to sleep i need horse tranquilizer 
i hate waking up in the middle of the night :( 
i really hope my take me home comes through the post today otherwise i'll cry :'( 
hopefully gonna head out with the second fam thanksgiving weekend . i keep thinking it's this week , but it's next week ! #fml lol . 
my throat hurts because the churros i had were not swallowed right . #losingtouchwithmytechnique :( 
USERNAME i can't :( (( we don't have class though . 
brianna be on bs with me smh :( low key i think she scared of the 
nights like these always bring back memories from the past that i wish i was lucky enough to relive . 😔 
struggling to get out of this bed rn . uggh 😞 
have so much on my mine i can't sleep :( feel like crying 
the fact that i'm still doing my research paper<<<< #notgood #writersblock 😔 📝 
USERNAME i'm sorry u had to go through anything of that sort :( im gonna write a letter . dear mr . pandora . we will be pressing charges ! 
USERNAME no brownies for u tonite :( (( but u will play better nxt week you have to ! ! ! ! ! 
but , i can't talk . . . i live in bay minette :( 
why cant my fan be this cold during summer ? :( 
why do i set my alarm an hour in advance when i know damn well i suck at falling asleep . ugh . 😣 
USERNAME i'm sorry , but i don't believe there is ever a good time . :( ( 
2 pairs of socks , a thermal shirt , a sweater , pj pants , and 5 blankets later , i'm still real cold :( #freezing 
haven't had an anxiety attack in a long time but they still kick my ass 😔 
fuck no dice pineapples is play , yup tears is coming i feel it :( 
i want chicken noodle soup but USERNAME is to lazy to make me somee ! :( 
aunke karelyn me dejoo dolaa pork le dien limite 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME please don't talk about native food 😭 😫 😑 #hungry #withdrawals 
ugh 3.45am start again today to take 2 of my loves to the airport :( 
that's ridiculous all you people with 15k tweets and up smh 😧 
oops fell asleep ... back to work on this law paper :( 
#confessionnight those thirteen words i just told him took everything out of me 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME noo 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME idk but that shit hurts so bad 😭 😭 😭 😭 
waking up in three hours .. and i'm not even tired ): 
it i can't forget & move on i think it's time to move away & forget ! 😔 
i feel the same way for him that he feels for her ... </3 
only my crazyy ass showers right now and cuts her self ! #fml 
if i can't just forget & move on i think it's time to move away & make myself forget ! 😔 
USERNAME , i didn't even kno you , but we were following each other on here . i see a lot of people really loved you tho ! #rip :( 
USERNAME i am , poor rick he is soo sad :( 
talking to noone but thinking about you every single night </3 #need #to #move #on 
comoo k ya esta abirridoo estoo pork karelyn se me fue 😞 
USERNAME i could've been an alcoholic if you stayed *points at spring at bar* :( 
my mommy leaves today :( off to lax in a bit ✈ 
USERNAME can't sleep ! i feel a sore throat coming on . 😭 😰 😷 
USERNAME USERNAME is passed the f out and i'm wide awake .... 👎 😞 no bueno 
dog gone it ! it's after 3am already ! :( well , its about time i start getting ready 4 bed . goodnight to everybody ! buonanotte a tutti ! 
headache already ! ! :( (@ lowe's home improvement) URL 
i just wanna be in his arms right now 😔 😥 
well i tried not to tweet sad things anymore , but i failed . i can't help it sometimes :( it's just one of those nights . 
they wanna stick me fa my paper . 😒 😞 
USERNAME lmao i dont got a car on me :( 
probably not going to sleep at all . 😞 this is becoming a problem . 🙈 
USERNAME soo cute ! ! hah niall looking for his special haha <3 i want to be his [princess :( ( xx 
i really wish i was sleepin beside you . but i guess ill see you in my dreams .... :( 
place is a freaking zoo :( (@ grand pass conservation area) URL 
USERNAME elena ? i got no guts . i'm not as daring and charming as your bf . i'm just a malay with a beautiful singing voice :-( 
USERNAME and i can't sleep bc she keeps giving me blows to the face & kicking me , she won't sleep in her own room she spoiled now :( 
got to my sisters game today knowing that my grandpa was there & was surprised & let down when my mama wasn't . 😢 still expect her to be there . 
it's weird when someone is always there and suddenly their not in the places they were before . 💔 👊👎 
i just want to go back to sleep , ugh 😩 😭 
i need nyquil .. i am most definitely getting sick 😞 
i'm almost positive that the combination of rain and busy highway driving is as close as we get to hell on earth . 😣 🔫 
this shit is about to make a niggah cry . ): 
also , i need to stop reading reddit when i'm trying to go to bed . everything is so quiet and i keep having to stifle laughter . :( 
this guy almost got me callin him somethin else .. 😏 😠 😥 
of course i would accidentally fall asleep at 10:45 and then wake up at 4 like its no big deal .. :( ( 
i miss having some to call mine and talk to everyday :'( 
worked until 1215 am ... couldn't fall asleep . work again at 530am . ouch #fml 
jealous of all the USERNAME posts right now . i need to make it to a tour spot one day :( 
feeling really sad tonight :( just watched wembley for the millionth time lol good night everyone .. 
USERNAME i know :( we broke up , i guess it just wasn't working out . </3 
can't sleep nervous about my surgery in the am .. :( 
if its not my back hurting me it would be my stomach hurting me double ! ! ! 😞 
sleeping with my door locked tonight because i'm so incredibly scared 😣 
URL this is so cool ! i want to go to comic con :( 
i'm going to be so sad when i have to leave atlas behind 😿 😿 daddy loves you and he will be back for you 😽 ❤ 
it kills me the way that others can remember their childhood & i cannot . even looking at photos 😔 
an i'm trying to go to the next known gallery art show 😔 
everlast ~ what it's like (with lyrics ): URL via USERNAME 
aw , but not 50% discount . aww </3 i'm not sure kung makakabili ako . kung 20% pwede pa pero kapag 10% siguro ? hala . kulang pera ko . #poorme 
USERNAME USERNAME at terminal 5 (november 15, 2012 ): new york , ny , us URL 
USERNAME morrissey with kristeen young at davies symphony hall (february 24, 2013 ): san francisco , ca , us URL 
but i want to savor these last moments with atlas before i leave 😿 😿 😿 
USERNAME USERNAME at terminal 5 (november 15, 2012 ): new york , ny , us URL 
USERNAME USERNAME at terminal 5 (november 15, 2012 ): new york , ny , us URL 
USERNAME USERNAME at terminal 5 (november 15, 2012 ): new york , ny , us URL 
USERNAME morrissey with kristeen young at davies symphony hall (february 24, 2013 ): san francisco , ca , us URL 
USERNAME greedy butt , not me , starving all night ... 😥 😠 
woop . matt dierkes & the 2x4 boys are coming to tucson tomorrow ! this means i have to go into mother mode & clean my place in the morning :( 
USERNAME i know trigas , i wish you were :( but yeah gina is sick and she snores so loud :( i feel bad but i wanna hit her ! 
if only someone would be down to go to ihop right now 😔 #sadtweet 
thank you megan and . rachel; thank you . st .. luke's hosp . really ? ? hell of . a way to get out of my stress test today :( URL 
USERNAME sabinee , sayaang :( ((( tagal na natin hindi nakapunta sa mc 
my stomach hurts . i ate too many cookies 😭 
but i'm getting a lil tired though , goodnight 😔 💤💤 
never getting up tomorrow to go to #oomfs house . ): 
ugghh . kinakabahan ako sa grade ko sa math . mygoodness . kahit 80 lang magbubunyi ako . pramis ! :'( 
any thai hottests able to download 2pm videos from bugabootv ? overseas can't watch ... :( (( 
i slept so good last night but i'm still exhausted . :( no time for a nap today . 
the fact that i got less then 4 hours of sleep lastnight <<<<<<<< 😞 😴 
USERNAME because it's meant for me to be in it :( 
(a bar patron , regarding being a knight of the sca ): you need to tell the ladies that ! (@ hyperion new-u station) URL 
USERNAME fuckin sucks . i went in and they double scheduled us so i woke up for nothing . :( 
so what ! they wear what they like ! "USERNAME :( rt USERNAME lool no but why do naijj babes like high waist skirts ? ahn ahnn this auntie's 
sucks , don't you ever ever watch it ! #crying . 😭 
USERNAME noo bae we can share n have fun i want u both :( 
USERNAME grant just give mike a chance . i also wish it wud be phil but maybe the management cudn't afford on his demands ☹ # ♥ kobe # ♥ lakers 
romantic movies are supposed to make you smile , cry , then smile ! not smile then cry-the end ! #dontlikechange #crying . 😭 
5:40am ... next flight at 9:15. didn't know i would be waiting this long . #fml 
omg .. god ... please fix me .. 😫 😥 😔 😞 😣 🙏🙏 
it was almost a new favorite of mine until the last twenty minutes , though ... 👌 #fuckyouoneday #crying . 😭 
work this morning :( getting up early should he against the law ! #truth 😤😴 
working 530am-530pm and somebody didn't grant me sleep after a stressful weekend :-( . #halogirlfriend . #patiencenonexistent . #ticktock . 
my hand fell asleep . i don't think the rest of me did ... but now i feel like my hand is shooting up heroin with little needles all over :( 
i feel you hiding something from me ! ! 😞 
the fact that i am awake right now & restless :( just want sleep ! 
USERNAME apparently brett can't appreciate a nice dr . seuss quote when he sees one :( 
not sure how long i'm going to last today at work . not feeling well at all :( #sicktweet 
USERNAME mine isn't either lol . but i have horrible insomnia right now 😔 what are you up to ? 
taking care of a baby all day is soo much harder when you don't get enough sleep then throw in a 3 year old . yeah , i'm done for . 😔 😴😩 
6am and i have the bgs smh .... good morning tworld 😢 
USERNAME hahaha now that im successfully in my bedroom ! i woke up guy and trin now i feel bad ): 
cant decide if i really wanna be going home or not .. 😳 😥 #gunnamissthis #nola2012 💚 💜 
:( (@ ronald reagan washington national airport (dca) w/ 21 others) URL 
woke up way too early and i can't breathe and my throat hurts #why 😔 
just talked to her :( idk what to do anymore . should i stay should i go i dont know . pandora in my ears till i k . o 
i need water ! ! i was thinking about water , dreaming about water , well fuck ! i'm beyond thirstyy , but it's so far ! :( hahaha 
USERNAME the amount of sugar you'll consume drinking orange juice isn't going to help ! :( find a vitamin c supplement and get sleep ! 
rt USERNAME USERNAME lol naw ! whatchu mean by ? - you forgot all about me :( 
😒 😞 😣 😩😫 😖 😴 😭 😢 😷😷😷😷😷 <---- story of my life for the next few days ! ! siick as a dog ! 
and now jesse is getting punched 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
all i can do is try and all i know is i love you . but apparently , love aint enough . at least my love aint .. </3 
dejando a manuelito . :( (at jfk international airport) — URL 
okay , it's 5 am , and this dog isn't as cute anymore . #letmesleep #bequiet 😣 
why does my brain have to make me remember the good times and make me miss him ? 😞 
getting too old for this crap ! ! ! blah . 😔 
and now the toilet is going to be my best friend .. :-( never drinking again . 
im not desperate .. shh , dont speak such nonsense :c 
i've been up since 5 ... school will be hell :( 
USERNAME lmao i was born that way , and i miss you more tho :( 
biết đầu tàu đang ở hn nhưg cứ bắt nói dối :v có ji mà ngại chứ :( bỏ học thì có ai nói ji đâu , cùng bọn lười thân vs nhau cả :v trốn mãi sao 
that more . enter u realize u were first wrong about someone . #superdisappointing :( 
USERNAME that's just wrong 😔 if u worked closer i'd bring u some homemade pumpkin cream cheese filled muffins i made ! 😁 
USERNAME i don't it sucks ass ! i have to every day to take my child to school :( 
i really really miss my baby :( i wanna be lying in bed right next to her every night . especially when u dnt have good dreams . :( 
i wish i was a wild drunk again . i never fucking drink anymore . 😒 😔 URL 
it's raining now n i'm still n da car ... :( 
wtf ! ! ! ! ! superjail was supposed to come on 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
the moment u realize u were wrong about someone . #majordisappointment :( 
i'm the only one who gets up at 6 everyday #fml 
USERNAME 😥 courtney if you need anything you know i'm here for you ! 😘 
i love you USERNAME marry me 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wait thats the department that USERNAME worked in 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 wait #hr of USERNAME i'm seriously 😭 😭 😭 😭 right now ! 
up at 5 am pissed off at myself ! :( 
i dont get how people wanna wear designer shit that cost money .. oh you got a designer shir t.t hats cool . 
i can't leave 😭 😩👎 USERNAME @ fort lauderdale-hollywood international airport (fll) URL 
USERNAME didnt think ud really believe me cuz u know better ... also dont start on the ouches , i didnt see u saturday :( 
envidio a quien te puede ver todos los días 😞 
oh back to this wakeup early thing again . :( 
the last place i wanna be is getting ready to go to whites 😔 
accepted into wayne state . can't tell me nothing ! ✋✋🙅 😭 😭 😁 URL 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME *sigh* ☹ now i'm thinking of moving to texas 
i got no shortiess ): but fuck shortiess i got $$ 
yay got into all my classes ! too bad i can't go back to sleep . :( 
i feel like i might vomit . 📨😷 😢 😩😫 
gahh , can't talk to u until next week . this sucks . :( i love you sweetheart . your almost done . keep it up . 
USERNAME well i don't have that channel so i wouldn't know :( 
falls asleep at 2 awake at 6:16 #sigh why can't i sleep ? #sadtweet 
i had a dream that new york was overfludding with water and people were dieing :( heyhey i guess the world is ending #butjustadream 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME loll yeah that i could see lol 😭 😭 😭 i thought you n USERNAME were serious i wanted 2 cry 
my bed is so comfy , i don't wanna leave it 💔 
USERNAME you are prob sleeping like a big baby kutt lol i envy you >_< #monday #fml 
aand my child is awake for the day . 😔 
ughh after i get outta tthe shower i just wanna lay in my bed :-( 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i can't spam-tweet on my phone . :( ((( 
USERNAME ha ill be 27 at the end of this month :( 
USERNAME me too ): and it's not working .. i'm just reading about how states want to become countries 
giving up is for the weak , but what the fuck else do i have ? :'( 
USERNAME oo ginawa talaga nila yun sa bias mo </3 poor hyukjae :( aigoo ... magkasama pa naman sila ng matagal tapos yan ang ginawa nila ! ! 
can't sleep because its way too hot i'm my room :( 
gonna be a lonngg day . trainer then work 9-9 😢 
another monday ... (@ on the way to work :( ) URL 
i miss my bunnies snow ball & el chapo :c . 
USERNAME u dont deserve it babe :( not at all 
USERNAME aww i miss ya too :( how are you ? 
USERNAME nope she will be like this 😩😩 😭 🏃🏃🏃🙅 
USERNAME where are my riders for wednesday ? only got like 1 or 2 get on it #hrdept y'all gotta song and errything ? 😭 😭 😭 
how the fuck am i supposed to look for a new best friend at a time like this :( 
being woken up at 4am ...... grandpa gilbert g passed away :( 
i hate sleeping alone , but gonna try to get some sleep . good night if you're reading this . </3 
to think i didn't get to say goodbye :( i'm glad i got to spend halloween with him ! ! ! grandpa you will be greatly missed ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
this fog ain't cute for my hair .. and of course i don't have a pony 😞 
USERNAME lmao ! ugh i'm worried about this test . :'( i'm praying to jesus ! haha . and yes soon ! i texted ya the other day ! 
and it's monday again . i hate mondays . #longweekstartsnow #sad 😔 💔 
why does it have to be a yucky day ? it's already monday , so why make it rain ? that just makes the day worse :( 
really . dont wan t.t o go to school , j want to lay in bed and be sad all day . 
i'm tired but i can't skip school : :( but bball today soo that's cool hopefully today go chill ! ! ! 
so early :( (@ terminal 5 w/ 7 others) URL 
ew it's so weird to have jeans on right now , i've been wearing yogas and sweats the whole break #sadtweet 
i'd do anything right now for the power to go back out 😔 #fuckschool 
USERNAME whaat noo ): so jealous ... ugh what i would give to be watching that with you right now , with mingo & marley too of course 
you'd never think that something from the past would really bother one so easily :( whyy ! ? ! ? ! :( (( 
wonder why you aren't texting me like you said . #sadtweet 
USERNAME i know i miss youu bestfriend :( i better see you over thanksgiving break ! 
we have school .... shit ! 😫 #sotired #dontwanttogetup #ihateschool #fml 
USERNAME me too except ... boo ... :( i think my phone is gunna die cuz i didnt charge it last night :( 
my birthday wish this year is to have a pain free year , heck i wont be greedy a month will work ... and to not be homeless and broke :-( 
i don't even wanna go to school i just wanna give my bestfriend a big hug 😟 😔 
yay , alarm didn't go off and i woke up 20 minutes late :( #ihateyoumonday 
USERNAME me too :( being an early bird also comes with being a grandparent i'm in bed at like 10 latest lol 
USERNAME you better find a way ! or else 💔 
i think ima sit out for basketball this year .. :( 
i want to sleep ! it's too early . :-( 
i can't be getting sick ! #noo 😣 😠 😪 
i wish i was working #dunnbroscoffee with USERNAME this morning . 😞 ☕☕ 
i wish i saw my bestfriend more ... ): USERNAME #stupidwork 
it was weird not having u wake me up this morning with kisses USERNAME #sadtweet 
i'm so sick , but still have to go to school 😔 😔 
my parents don't have work , why do i ? 😣 👎 
why does my wife not say goodbye to me :( 
my days off are never truly days off . and jordan has work , wahh 😢 
i would really like to wear sweatpants today but USERNAME has mine :( 
it's not even 7am and i'm already over today ... #fml 
i dont wanna get out of bed today . 😔 
i miss my grandpa :( good memories with him ... 
sending hanif . :'( (@ birmingham-shuttlesworth international airport (bhm) w/ 3 others) URL 
i don't see how i can go to sleep at 8 & wake up and still be tired . 😞 
40 nlng mi kabu'ok sa amung section . :( hi USERNAME hahahahahaha 
i'm getting sick . i could feel it in my throat :( 
all i miss is my best friend , sigh :( 
no school for me ! i need to get better ! 😔 😞 
i am always so jealous of people who get to stay in their warm bed & not get up at 5 & freeze to death :( 
can i go back to sleep 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 😔 
sending hanif :'( we are already miss you . @ birmingham-shuttlesworth international airport (bhm) URL 
wish i could make USERNAME feel better .. 😥 i hate seeing people in pain and when they're sick . taking care of her . 
mondays just suck ! early class , presentation , prepare for another and work #fml , #lackofsleep 
i need everyone to pray for me right now . gotta make it through this test with a decent grade 🙏 😧 😶 
i hope my doggy is going to be okay :( waking up to her crying was not okay :( hope everything goes well at the vets ! please please please 
USERNAME good idea .. only its the 1st time for me today and won't be long :( 
USERNAME holy crap ! sorry i missed it ... twitch didn't tell me you were streaming ... :( 
USERNAME lol . oks ra . mustas xena ? imissher :( 
USERNAME glad someone can understand my pain ... 20 minutes early 😣 
blaah , i hope i hear from #oomf today </3 
USERNAME i'm gonna miss my best friend again :( ;( i hope to see you before i go ! ! love you so much ! ! 
oohh god please help me get through this whole week 🙏 😣 😒 
i have to go get a shot today ...... 😳 😔 😥 😶 💉💉 
i don't want to go to school :( ((( ! 
kawawa naman si hyukjae :( ako ay naawa talaga sa kanya t____t 
i'm gettin pretty tired of cuddling with my pillow :( 
words can not explain how much you mean to me ... just hope one day you will feel the same for me .. 😔 
USERNAME i wanna go to bed to but i can't lift this :'( URL 
walking into the garage and hearing my cats cry outside . <<< poor baby was out in the rain :( 
USERNAME believe it or not , but once i took this i thought of you first ... but i don't have any prints of us 😔 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yes a socialist-run gov't ? ! ☹ ☹ ☹ 
don't feel good at all :( only place i want to be right now is my bed ! f mondays ! 
just got out of the shower so needless to say i will be late to school and i did not do my alg 2 homework . #fuckmylife 
i can get up this early on a holiday , but not on a school day ? #iwanttosleep ! ! ! :( 
i must have pushed snooze on my alarm like seven times . i don't want to go to school . :c 
USERNAME psh , 800 ? slacker . and mom took my phone :c 
USERNAME aw , you're leaving me ? :( ( haha 
4hr n 30mins is how much sleep i got ): 
ugh i'm sick and i still have to go to school //: #fml 
oh and track starts today the day it snows and i had 4 hours of sleep 👎😩 😭 
i'm desperate for a trip to the gas station ☕☕☕ 😞 😴 
fml . didn't get any sleep . im so hungry tho ): gonna get ready to go have breakfo at the caf #yumyumyum 
i don't wanna get out this bed . :( #dontfeelgood 
obviously i didn't sleep enough last night either . 😣 
i might be okay but i'm not fine at all 😔 #taylorswift 
USERNAME aww but i have to go to school the work till 5 ... :( 
i was in the mood for toaster strudels , but once i cooked them , iced them , & bit into them i realized they were freezer burnt ): #sadtweet 
being ignored when i'm in so much pain is not helping :( 
i hate waking up in the middle of the night :( 
USERNAME ohh . i see . but if worst comes to worst , you could buy it online . my first bottle is gone . :( URL 
monday morning 😔 on a brighter note , it's payday ! 👍😁💰 
gm for everyone else im off to sleep last day is florida .. :( 
USERNAME eh nilandi mo yung akin eh . binigay mo pa kay antit yung pinakauna kong ginawa . :( hahaha :| 
i can't sleep ... waking up worried 😔 😔 😔 
seriously i would rather sit in a box all day then go to rvcc #fml #hateschool #hatervcc #hateeverything 
i know i will :c rt USERNAME i hope everybody miss me today . 
i think my ear is eating this fucking piercing ! ! :( 
i never wanted to wake up from that dream .. ): 
USERNAME i would but my test is in first period :( i wish i can have first release for next tri but they have me 5th release -.- 
it might be a good idea to maybe apply to college soon #fml 
there's a big cloud covering my sun & i can't tell if it's getting bigger or smaller 😒 😔 
why i volunteered to give blood ? i don't know . i am terrified of needles :c 
USERNAME u must not go to famu no more :( 
USERNAME yeah ! it's not sticking but it's for surely snow 😞 
seeing my grandma tear up is probably the worst feeling :( 
i actually am not ready for this really long day 😔 
i would give anything to have naturally dark or curled eyelashes . 😔 
i def won't be able to fall back asleep :( 
i still haven't gotten out of bed .. i just wanna stay home ): 
today is gonna be hard ... i can already tell :( 
not in a good mood yo ! ! ! i just want ny baby :( 
poor cuttler , but even worse .... poor bears :( #cmon 
not in a good mood ! ! ! ! ! i just want my baby :( 
when my mother asked if i had school i should have lied :( 
i woke up for 0 period and got ready and as i'm walking out the door i realize i don't have it today ....... #fml 
all i wanna do is sleep #tired #sore #headache #sickproblems 😢 😔 😢 😭 😪 😥 😷💤👎 
USERNAME ... im sure ill kno the feeling , when i get back ..... :( 
don't want to go to school . 😔 👎 #monday 'ssuck #tired 
i hate people who keep you up , juz cuz they can't sleep .... #fml #gm #teamvampirez 
i remember years ago someone told to take caution when it comes to love & i did </3 
USERNAME i just saw this , yah i was working , home now :( 
i pay someone to go into school for me just so i can sleep for the whole day ... 😞 
my hair never touched the water and yet it's poofy :( 
i only got like 7 hours of sleep between last night and saturday night . merp 😔 
so i swear to god if its raining all during retreat i'm gone be mad> :( (( 
i cant even sleep 1st period , varland will give me a detention :( 
having a very difficult time getting out of my bed this morning 😞 
USERNAME it won't let me follow you back 😭 😓 
safe travels mom & dad ! they're going to seattle without me ! ): USERNAME 
just woke up crying from a bad dream :'( im scared to go back to sleep 
i think i'm getting sick and on top of that i'm a dick to my best friend i'm really sorry :( you know who u r . 
i should take off tomorrow . too bad i can't . 24 hour rule . :-( no steelers game for me tonight 
the only reason i got out of bed was to eat . no i don't wanna move anymore ): 
went to work at 6 only to find out im not scheduled to work today (-__-) #fml 
up before the sun , this is just not even cool ☁☀❄⛄ 😔 
stomach still hurts . ate way too much cheese on saturday and i'm paying the price :( 
my bed gets so much more comfortable in the morning ): 
how about i didn't step in every freckin puddle walking getting soaked #pecpprobs :( 
USERNAME when you come to michigan , i will be there . why do you come to michigan only once ? :( 
it feel like head is about to explode . 💣 😞 
USERNAME aye ! i know :( it's such a great but weird feeling being back here . i'll be back soon ! ! 
USERNAME yeah but then do i have to get rid of my awesome flash version that took me hours to make ? ? :( 
heres to a long 5 moths of tights 😭 😡 😔 😥 😠 😤 
on our way home :( goodbye anna polis ! i have work this afternoon :/ URL 
USERNAME isn't gonna go to school today . i won't have no one to pick on ? 😔 
know im all alone in bed trying to go bck to sleep but i kaint :( 
.... first time sleeping in my room without anyone here . this is so weird 😭 
USERNAME i don't want to go to class .. im too tired ): 
good thing i slept like hell last night 😣 😒 😞 😖 😩 
USERNAME i left my hoody , in ya car . i forgot and it messed up my outfit :( lol 
USERNAME its only for one minute and i waited for 1 hour . :( 
okay okay . time to slowly get up . 😞 😴 😞 😴 
i'm not sure what the point of curling my hair was . #wth #allthecurlsareout #already #wasteoftime 😭 💔 
i hate my new blankets . they make too much noise :( 
the only thing worse than a monday is a rainy monday 😢 
i've experienced too much winter this year ... during summer , it was winter in australia ... USERNAME & now it's winter time again :'( wah 
i literally hate spiders , no one will come kill it for me 😣 😖 😫 
feels like my head just hit the pillow . and now it's already time to get up 😭 😭 😭 😴😴 
USERNAME jay-z and USERNAME at barclays center (december 31, 2012 ): brooklyn , ny , us URL 
no birthday love on twitter ? aww ok . :( 
USERNAME jay-z and USERNAME at barclays center (december 31, 2012 ): brooklyn , ny , us URL 
USERNAME jay-z and USERNAME at barclays center (december 31, 2012 ): brooklyn , ny , us URL 
i miss laying in the field with you in the middle of the night cuddled up watching the stars . :( 
am i about to just miss this class again ? but i'm scared of this lady 😭 
upside of choosing classes at 7am no competition . no ones up 👌 downside , now i can't fall back asleep 😔 
19% battery 😔 gonna be a long day ! ! 
up and getting ready for work ... no holiday for me :-( (@ 1170 lincoln) URL 
not able to listen USERNAME this morning because of school .... #depressing isn't it ? 🎶 😔 
napasama pala yung pagtama ng siko ko knna :( (((( sheet 
hanggang pangarap lang kita sa panaginip ko lang tayo pwedeng magusap , minsan lang kitang makita :( 
riding past darens house everymorning is going to kill me . :( #misshim #comeback 
no school for me today . #sick # 😢 😷 
dudee today sucks)) ): buddy is leaving for colorado today and i can't see him cause i'm stuck at this shit school . fuck ! ! ! )': 
my parents are going to kill me once they find out i dyed my cat again ... i don't ever think these things through . #fml 
forcing an hour nap upon myself . i'm not even tired 😔 
my dryer is broken . 😔 now i gotta wait forever just for my clothes to dry 😠 👊 
justin beiber and selena gomez breaking up ? hmm who would've ever known .. 💔 🙊 😮 # 
well it's time to get up can't say wake up because that would mean i got to sleep . 😔 😔 😔 
USERNAME oo i didn't know that . too late anyway , i'm already on campus :'( 
damn .. i woke up from a dream thinking your arms were around me :-( .. guess i'll go back to sleep and finish dreaming .... 
should not be here right now 😣 😣 😣 ugh 
#school ): #football practice later , #letshope game gets canceled and we play tomorrow , it's too muddy to play 
all i wanna do is sleep :( going to class then back to the house . #tired 
cherishing every second in my bed right now .. don't wanna leave 😔 
if ipkknd is not ending with barun as asr , i'm canceling my starplus subscription , they can keep their new show line up not interested :( 
i'm having one of those mornings where i refuse to get out of bed bc it's cold in my apt 😔 
so emotional .... just wish it would all go away . :'( 
USERNAME mean either ! i miss you already ! 😩 💔 
if i'm counting correctly , i have one more 8 am after today . one more left . #cantakeitanymore 😞 
she bout to leave to the island in a hour i going miss u auntie :( 
no school for me , i am sick as fuck :( 
holy shit .. really hope everyone is okay :( ( 
huge migraine and i have work in ten minutes #fml 
crutches are possibly the worst thing in the world . i would rather be in a wheel chair . #noupperbodystrength #helpme #handicapprobs 😠 😭 
when will the USERNAME official store have an american option ? i have to buy merch from shady people on ebay :( 
all i want is to feel better right now… is that too much to ask for ? :( #sick #miserable 
USERNAME males ki gue sama lo :( ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
seriously though i don't wanna go back please let me stay in my bed 😭 😭 😭 😭 
i feel so sick &' i'm freezing ! i wish my bestfriend was here so i had someone to cuddle with ): wah . USERNAME 
not only do i hate mondays i have lab too . #fuckmylife 
USERNAME jesus , how much fn time is necessary ? 😞 some shit just will never be ok 
ben up since 2 .. can't sleep ... :-( wtf i can't neva sleep .. #bullshit 
i wanna stay home & sleep all day . 😔 
USERNAME unless you've already managed to open a bunch more , then it might not work :( 
the doctor just told my mom that he has a 3/10 chance of surviving . 😞 😓 😢 😰 . 🙏god please let him pull thru 
the rain , wind , being up at 7 am , and this headache from hell is just too much right now :( 
mondays are always slammed at sheehy . :( and the phones are always ringing non stop . :( 
on the first day of school it literally made me soo happy that USERNAME was in my first hr , now she's in the library 😭 
i wish #oomf would expand his horizons when it came to girls ... 😒 😔 #shame 
USERNAME wish i could be lazy , but i have school . 😒 😷 💔 
ready to train again but all i can do with this bad foot is swim . :( 
got this 8 o'clock & i feel like i have a hangover 😞 👎 #nobueno 
i wanna go back to sleep . fuck feeling like this :( 
it was so hard to fall asleep last night , and so hard to wake up this morning 😞 
sickk . if this is what morning sickness is like , eff ever being pregnant ! 😣 😭 
when your dads supposed to come and get me and lilly and he cant even answer his phone #wtf well were late for school :( #screwthis 
USERNAME i miss you soo much ! ! :( but i'm still breathing ... can't complain . lol . how are youu ? 
USERNAME sy ado test mdm ira ari rabu . kalu x tembo balik doh ni . rabu malam pon ade kelas eco kan :( 
normally after a shower i'm ready to start my day . but right now i just wanna get back in bed and sleep for forever . 😞 😴😩👎 
USERNAME already ? its not even 8am yet :( ... i hope it gets better sweetie .. love you ! 
USERNAME i worked my ass , nothing fun :( (( 
USERNAME no me dierón otra opción ! ! ! :( 
too tired to study . 😞 @ alatté cafe URL 
slept for maybe an hour the most 😔 and on too of that i can’t breathe through my nose . 
USERNAME i just woke up ok & i was in twitter jail when you tweeted that :( 
feels like i have strep :( i'm so sick . whaa 
slept for maybe an hour the most and on top of that i can’t breathe through my nose 😣 
why can't anything good happen to me . #mylifeisatrainwreck # 😔 
being tired on a monday is never a good thing . 😔 💤 
USERNAME cause currently when you click on my mobile site i made from a phone it says go ahead try it :( why doesnt it work ? 
it's one of those days i don't feel like getting up and i miss my hubby :( 
all i want to do is go back to sleep 😣 
i always wake up late , miss the bus , & have no ride to school . :( #sadtweet #ineverlearn 
nasty bug came outta nowhere and kicked my butt last night - haven't been sick like this in a long time . :( 
i'm depressed and USERNAME is here to help me 😭 😭 😭 😢 
it sucks losing your best friend , almost sister , to the crowd . 💔 
i wish i could be a morning person . 😔 
USERNAME jay-z and USERNAME at barclays center (december 31, 2012 ): brooklyn , ny , us URL 
USERNAME sometimes i want to retweet your stuff and it won't let me 😔 
no school for me today :( #stillsick i feel like when im not there something happens and i miss it :/ 
omg today should be busy ... which ima die cause i'm sick :-( #notinthemood 😩 
i hate mondays ! ! ! especially between 6:00-7:00am cause my baby boy cries until i put him on the bus at 7. it makes me so sad ! ! :( 
USERNAME omg omar you know i'm smarter than that 😔 
worst day ever and it's not even started yet 😭 
allisandra kicked my back up this morning ... smh :( 
some old reggaeton to cheer up ? ? o/ :( 
i had to step back and think i really don't know this person you are now ....... :'( 
USERNAME yes , its a new dumb fb thing can u believe it . :( blaa ! ! ! ! 
those are probably the worst rtUSERNAME day 5 of the neck cramp 😢 
on the other hand , while getting ready for the gym this morning , i watched 10 minutes of a hair loss infomercial . #depressing 
all good times come to an end . homeward bound . ✈💺 😢 @ salt lake city international airport (slc) URL 
i just want my back to stop hurting #thatsall 😒 😞 😩 
just kidding i do have to go to second period 😔 😡 
had to wear a stupid mask at work because of the stupid strep 😢 someone get me outta here ! URL 
nathans mom is just something else i swear v.v <<<< 
and the bad thing is , i can't sleep after class :( 
3 hours of sleep last night and a long day ahead of me 😞 
USERNAME dang ! i can't s/o that acct cuz them people will know who you are ! :( 
my phone is spazzing out really bad 😣 😣 😣 
this is about to be a long day of being exhausted and sick to my stomach . #awesome #fml 
as much as i want things how they used to be they wont be :( 
idk wtf is wrong with me but i really don't like it , i feel like i'm dying :( #fuck 
USERNAME heyy yo ! ! ! i gotta work all dayy and the suckiest part is it will be bacon ! ! ! ! :( 
couldn't sleep at all last night ... looks like i'm taking a power nap in every class 😞 💤 
when i left angleton , jermane cried & i cried </3 
💸 💔 🚶 #earlybird no smile goodmorning ⛅. @ chipotle💸🍚 URL 
work and sick with two assignments and a test do :( 
great i missed demi replying to fans last night ............. 😞 🔫 
left half my headphones in ice cream now they don't work . damnn 😔 
i talked to you for 5 min and than dreamed about you all night #fml ! ! 
USERNAME wah i'm sorry i missed it ! hope you had an amazing weekend :( miss you 
oh and USERNAME smashed it on saturday too ! <3 i literally just caught up , that's the downside of living in america :( #xfactoruk 
definitely didn't expect to see that coming from you of all people 😔 
that cupcake i just had for breakfast >>>> when it fell on the floor <<< :( #anyways 
kudos to USERNAME for leaving her chinese food in my car on friday . kudos to me for not realizing it until this morning . #fml 
mom gave me a hug and said bye 😖 😖 😥 😔 
USERNAME i still don't have internet in my house so i'm having trouble checking email :( soon though ! 
don't want to be at school . my back hurts , my ear feels like it's falling off and now my tattoo has started itching #fml #dying 
USERNAME i’ve never even realized myself it was brought to my attention 😭 
dreamt about oreos . but i have none . :( 
ugh this rain is giving me a headache this morning ! :( 
wtf am i still awake ? work will be interesting ! 😳 #dead #nosleep #fml 
i'm ready for it to be the weekend again already 😞 
just now getting home and going to bed …… .. 😷 😔 😢 
USERNAME i know . i wish there was night school :( ugh lol 
USERNAME till 1o ? & i go in at 2 :( 
:( i didnt get a goodmorning text today .... #bummed 
i had a dream last night that i went to a beyonce convert , had to go to get my phone out the car and couldnt get back in to save my life 😢 
that one black friday where i passed out and fainted at the restaurant ... i hope i don't work next weekend . :( ! 
well , im all registered for my summer class -______- #fml 
forgetting to bring headphones to school is such a buzzkill . 😞 
can we just not go to school anymore ? 😞 😞 😞 
i just caught myself singing kesha in the shower . shit . 😔 
that had to be the worst night sleep i'm the history of sleeps 😔 
my big brother better bring his hat today ! ! ! corey ! ! ! ! 😣 😖 😡 
bradley is such a tease when he texts me . i thought he was sleeping then he texted & i texted back 5 min . later , & still got no text back :( 
another week begins . i know a lot of people are off for veteren's day but , i have to work ! :( (@ beari best paint) URL 
#dumbfanficmoments when you are shouting and louis suddenly URL never happened to me before tho . :'( 
USERNAME maha 6yb trah wallah akllnnii ;'( </3 hahaha ana il`6ahr ilyoum gbil ma aroo7 il dwam brsh fleet ! ! 
USERNAME miss you too ! ! 😣 #goodpeople #legit #bestfriends 
maan ... wish i had skinny legs , even if they are almost all muscle now . :'( 
my shower has now been running for 20 minutes & still not even warm . nyc swiftly losing glamorous appeal . #firstworldproblem #badhairday :'( 
it's pretty embarrassing how much i suck at bike race 😔 
ohh the things i'd do to be home right now . not looking forward to this week at all . #homesick #sadtweet 
seriously , why do we have school today ? 😭 
i was knocked out got up n called u n no answer :( 
contemplating coming home between classes so i can take a nap . seriously though ... i'm dead tired today and i just got up 😔 
USERNAME i need to be there ! i've missed so much 😭 😭 😭 
does anyone else feel like they swallowed glass last night ? 😧 
oh my god my fingers hurt more than you could imagine 😭 stupid curling iron 
alls i want to do is jam out but i cant :( 
err my mind is now my alarm clock .. fuck you dunkin i'm not even working for you today -_0 -_- -0- :( 
i don't wanna be at work 😔 kinda wanna curl up in a ball and cry 
i gotta feelin that its not goin to be though 😕 😥 😰 😪 😨 😱 😢 😓 😩😫😷 
why do my eyes water so bad ! ? 😣 
good morning all . kiddies off to school appts to get to gym and tanning ugh wish i had the life of a famous person :( 
you can miss someone who died or someone who moved away . but what's the worst thing ? it's having to miss someone you see everyday . :'( 
driving around town ... no cars out . because no one in pinehurst is in school but us . #fml 
so sleepy ! ! ! ! just want to roll over and sleep :( 
great start to this monday morning .. #not 👎 😢 
waking up with a zit the size of texas on your face << ugh 😥 
after snoozing my alarm for 45 minutes , maybe it is time to get out of bed . 😔 😴 
mrs g is in our class :( no phone #fml 
come home to a random car creepin on my driveway ... not sure if i should get out or not 😳 😞 URL 
but i stead i'm stuck at school freezing cause my sweatshirt got wet 😥 
i lost one of my best friends USERNAME 😞 i miss her 😪 
USERNAME my throat is horrible ! i think i'm sick too 😔 feel better bebe 😚 💕 
layin here listening to the rain drops fall since i cant sleep :-( .. 
back at work 😔 i just wanna sleep ugh 😴 
USERNAME boo :( oh well off to work ! after my chai latte :-o 
nothing better than being awaken 2 hrs early by a scary dream involving reptiles & kittens :( 
i don't understand why every single person i work with feels the need to back into their parking spot every morning . just let me park ! ! 😣 
USERNAME #uyumuyorum çünkü sabahın 6 şimdi burda ve ise geldim :( 
what a great freaking way to start my day ..... already having a bad day .. :( 
have some chores to do when i get there 😞 
i don't even know why i'm so scared of the dark ... i keep imagining faces so i psych myself out a lot at night </3 make it stop~~~ 😭 😭 
this is the longest i'm sleeping in 😐 i can't sleep in for shit 😔 
i woke up and now i am stuck this way . :( 
USERNAME i always miss when you get to school super early ! #sadday 
hindi kinakaya ng ischial tuberosity ko ang 12 hr school day with 1hr break :( (( 
i think i have pink eye .. #fml along with a fever .. i feel like shit ! but , still going to class cause i'm that girl . 
i really just wanna call of and stay cuddled in bed 😔 but let's be real .. i have to be responsible 
hate to start off with our saying good morning but last night i got some shocking news , my aunt was 100 yrs old & she past away #sadtweet 
oh you know just jumping in to bed at 6:50 so i have 10 minutes of rest before 7:00 so i can get breakfast eat and do some more reading . 😔 🌑☀ 
so far , beautiful day in pa ... long work day already though :( 
#education #jobs graduation medical education (gme ): neuroimaging - national institutes of health - bethesda , md URL 
#education #jobs graduation medical education (gme ): neuroimaging - national institutes of health - bethesda , md URL 
i don't think i've ever hurt this bad . 😭 #thepains 
already ready for this day to be over . only 11 hours left 😔 #hurryup 
reading wallpost on my uncles facebook still breaks my heart . ): 
USERNAME i agree :( two days a week isn't enough ! 
fuckk getting my ass whooped in the morning . 😔 
it hurts to even swallow water :( my throat is hurting so bad 
i just want to know if you miss me to :( 
getting an hour of sleep isn't going to help this long day ! #fml 
staying awake in this class is going to be close to impossible :( 
USERNAME can you lend me some of your energy ? ;) i'm moving like a slug :( #mondaymorningblues 
USERNAME i know sis i'm sorry 😢 but i've got bigger things to start my future and its all gonna start at wvu 
i don't feel good ! :( can we have no school today , please ? 
nothing like starting your monday morning running late , with a flat tire , in the rain . #fml #ihatemondays 
this is why i can't sleep this morning ! they gotta get out ! @ in my bed ! ! ! 😣 😣 URL 
fuck you mom your rushing caused me to forget maurice . :( 
80e @ 8th (sf ): :slow down 35 mph curve 3 miles ahead (was: high winds on bridge) 
80w @ bay brg incl (ala ): :slow down 35 mph curve 2 miles ahead (was: high winds on bridge) 
USERNAME USERNAME aw you guys ! i love you ! alyssa i can't believe i haven't seen you since august :( 
garcia's gone for the week 😦 i dont wanna have a sub , plus chris ... 😞 😱 
poor danny , i always fall asleep when i'm on the phone with him . 😔 
i am so exhausted 😔 i plan in being late to first #judgeorjoin 
i hate leaving my puppy when i go to work :( 
why am i up this early ! ! ! ! ! ! my stomach is sore from coughing so much ! :( 
sick , i want to go back to bed ........ 😔 👎😴 
#fml i was supposed to wake up 15 minutes ago ! >.< fuckk USERNAME make sure you make it to the bus stop 
USERNAME & he was from around ma way i'm still sad too 😔 
my fucking phone got disconnected 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 😞 
in class right now without USERNAME 😭 i hate math . 
my brutha b pissn me off fr fr > :-( 
USERNAME i hate starting my mondays off with the ortho and getting my bottoms on 😭 😭 
study hall is so boring when you don't know anyone and don't have homework 😔 
pissed . forgot to wear my osu jersey to school today . 😢 
i'm up so damn early ... i can never go back to sleep once i've woken up . 😔 
kind of scared i might have a tonsil issue going on , but i dunwanna go have it checked . :( (( bleh gen practice docs kinda scare me . 
only getting two hours of sleep ... yeah that's good . #fml 
getting taken outta my math class this week . gonna miss erryone in that class :( 
noo the name of elmo has been tainted ! ! ! ! ! :( URL 
aww nd tapange's leaving cory like my nique left me :( 
i think i may have resprained my ankle . great . #sore #sadtweet 😁 
USERNAME :( (( it'll go fast . i'll come in before my math class . and after ! 💕💞💕💕💕💕💞 ! ! ! 
he's also not followed by USERNAME either . 😩 😭 😖 
just got an email saying ill be working from 4am -6pm on black friday . who the hell would get an oil change at 4am ? ! #fml USERNAME 
USERNAME omg ! ! :( (( did you go to the doctor ? ? ! ? ? 
iam sick af && i got a doctor appointment ughh :( 
today is a new day . yesterday was unfuckingreal 😢 💔 
wearing a dress was one of my less better choices 😾 
😵 😲 😟 😧 x__x welp back to bed then ! URL 
#teamnosleep :( i hate living in a two story house . 
the worst thing about depression , is that it hits you right when you feel like you're getting better . 😔 
just when i decided i was going to skip math class , i realized i have a huge test ! :( wtf . guess i'm taking it and leaving ! ! ! ✌ 
USERNAME true that lol i miss your hugs as well :( 
happy 16 birthday to an awesome little brother ! too bad he is about 7 in taller than me :( 
i'm going to the doctor to get ambient . i'm so tired of not sleeping . :( only 4 hrs last night ... 
i might leave early today . i feel like ass :( 
why does it have to be so cold ? :( ( #ihateit 
the fact that all week my 9am is just watching a movie makes me have zero motivation to get up and go . #fml 😖 💤 
😾 USERNAME let's go then give me a time and place lol 👍💪👆 😏 
USERNAME USERNAME byee sorry work won again this weekend :( 
وفطور اخر يوم بالرحله 😭 (with USERNAME at sleepinn) [pic] — URL 
corona is encouraging drunken sorrows lol . (btw . these are my pa-jami(pajama) bottoms ): -) URL 
and i always told him i loved him ❤ 😢 
gonna let my phone charge so i guess i'll be laying back down 😔 
going back to sleep cause i feel like shit and i'm annoying . #fuckthisshit #dontbotherme #sadtweet ;/ 
is that even a thing ? god , so much jive . 😣 
... it's the hardest thing i'll ever have to do; to turn around and walk away pretending i don't love you 😔 
do i really have to get sick now ? this sucks :( #hatethisfeeling #helpme 
god watch over my brutha ! please ! ! :-( 
USERNAME omg ! ! ! mono sucks big time ! i had it twice :( ( worst thing ever ! hate to say it but you will never feel the same 😷 
USERNAME don't you dare take three years off ! lol 💔 
still having a bad day . oh well good morning . 😔 
i miss my alabama sticker ... it got tore off 😥 
fuck . stuck at home because i can see out of my car windows . going to 😢 😣 
a big ol' thank you to technology this morning for being difficult and making me look stupid on my essay . #fml 
USERNAME only very few people who aren't worth your time and consideration are doing tha t.t he vast majority of us will always love you 
woke up before my alarm clock but can't seem to get out of bed 😞 
i'm kinda dreading walking outside . my body is gonna go into shock 😞 
i only ever truly cared about 1 girl , maybe that's why i don't care for any of them nowi still miss her i just hope she knows that #sadtweet 
all these people skipping school to go huntin . <<<<<< 😭 😩👎 #jealous #yallsuck 
USERNAME merp ! :( my mom said i don't have to go to school :( sorry 
USERNAME it will be fun to get these kids out of the house .. not much fun for me . i'm broke . :( 
no . no snowday . ever . b/c this is lakeville . #fml 
sucks how we haven't put up a christmas tree since gina died </3 
highway is gonna get really bad when i get out of school :( 
where's my shoulder ? ... i could use it right now :( 
probably one of the only people who have work today . #fml #fuckhealthcare 
another bad dream 😔 just makes me sad . back to bed 
i thought i lost my chap stick 😦 but i found it 😏 
USERNAME literally had the exact same thought this morning lmao; sad i didn't see you girls at edc :( 
i'd rather be at school than have to get this shot 😢 
USERNAME i had a dream someone was putting highlights in my hair ... all that hard work of trying to grow it all out , i almost cried 😢 
i don't wanna move ... i don't wanna get ready ... i just wanna lay in bed all day long :( is that so much to ask ? ? ? 
only 3 mins left to lay in bed 😞 😞 😞 
so cold , & my stupid self forgot my jacket 😭 
oh is it monday already ? ? ? :( :( :( :( it's too early and cold for this ... #freezing 
USERNAME i wish ! but i have a project to hand in and a test 😔 
#cantsleep and i'm still pissed the #bears lost . #fml 
USERNAME oye sab ke saamne pooch liya ? besharam :( 
the fact that i just got sick on my birthday<< # :( 
this is gonna be a long 2 weeks 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 
another thing that's weird is i'm forever waking up at 7 . 😦 
oh great . just woke up . and now late for school . #skipday #bookreport :( 
lol all of these people are upset about registration . hate to break it to you but get used to it . happens every semester 😔 
so early , so sleepy , why must i work ? ? it's raining , i should be in bed sleeping 😭 😒 ☔🌙 
gotta get you out of my timeline before i hurl 😣 #disgusting #yuck 
why i wait till the morning to write a paper is beyond me 😞 
this is goin to b a long day 😭 😭 😭 
class cancelled .. the day i actually want to go to class ! 😣 
oh and i burned myself on my curling iron :( URL 
this flight cancellation *sigh* i wish i have a friend with me . ): wah ! 
so pissed this morning .... ugh really need to talk to him .. gotta get out ! ! ! gotta leave gallatin ! ! ! ! asap :-( 
where is madison ! ! i'm all alone ! 😢 
USERNAME that's way out of my way :( i need somewhere btwn my house and the mall ! 
USERNAME :( i dont have a regular job im a contractor i have to do heavy lifteing and network stuff sry im bitchin a lot 
everyone left my house , now i'm all alone with a dog . ): 
i just wanna take a freaking nap . thats all .. #fml 
i would break out right before i have an interview :( 
USERNAME ya ves -.-" .. están contando historias de terror :( 
why do i have class today ! ? :( #soounfair 
been up for an hour . already wanna go back to bed . why does j get up so early :( 
had nothing for breakfast .. im starving ! ! :( 
USERNAME i know :( and i was at the same stage all day the first day so i didn't see anyone 
my brother needs to come out of the restroom :( 
i remember when i texted all the time when we weren't aloud & now that we can i have no one to talk too 😔 
the estin report aspen snowmass weekly real estate sales & stats: closed (7) + under contract (7 ): nov 04 - 11, 2012: URL 
was woken up early by USERNAME and can't fall back asleep . guess ill watch netflix til i have to go to school :( 
i have a busy day ahead of me and i'm not really at all . ): 
didn't sleep all night today is going to suck #fml 
i wish i didn't have to go to school today 😔 
seeing all these photos of the snowfall in spokane makes me miss home ❄⛄ 😥 
it's closed :-( (@ u . s . post office) URL 
flight delayed for 3 hours - hoping i don’t miss too much of the #wommasummit . :( USERNAME is totally blocked by fog . 
USERNAME yeah bro not to many people fish anymore round here :( 
treys leaving today and im all sorts of pissed i didnt get to see him "/ gonna miss you bro </3 
USERNAME no ! . ahora si me quiero ir :( 
stressful morning . cars dead in greensboro . pa voradeth to the rescue while i got two little munchkins to watch . 😣 
blackberry 10 release date , is in january 30 ... that's exactly . 1,887 hours from today :( 
okay does anyone have a good pumpkin pie recipe ? ! i need one desperately before thursday 😣 
my jay turns 7yrs old tomorrow ... aw , where'd all the time go ? ! 😞 
the fact i wake up this early when we don't have school pisses me off . hating myself 😞 🔫 
i just feel like crying when i think about you leaving 😥 😭 
everybody i want y'all to hug your loved ones tell them you love them cause you never kno when you'll have to say goodbye dead or alive 😔 
101n @ francis drake (mrn ): :novato 12 min petaluma 24 min sears pt 20 min 
101s @ san pedro (mrn ): :hwy 1 12 min gg bridge 16 min berkeley 18 min 
101s @ delong (mrn ): :hwy 580 12 min hwy 1 20 min sears pt 10 min 
24w @ lafayette (cc ): :o akland 12 min sf dwntwn 22 min oak arpt 22 min 
880n @ industrial (ala ): :o ak arpt 12 min oakland 18 min castro vy 9 min 
101s @ sierra pt (sm ): :sfo arpt 6 min rte 92 12 min rte 84 20 min 
280s @ foothill (scl ): :los gatos 14 min mtn view 8 min sj state 14 min 
17n @ los gatos rd (scl ): :sj arpt 10 min milpitas 16 min mtn view 14 min 
680s @ scott ck (scl ): :sj state 12 min cupertino 21 min s101 / 85 18 min 
24e @ broadway (ala ): :walnut cr 12 min san ramon 25 min concord 20 min 
101s @ chavez (sf ): :sfo arpt 12 min rte 92 18 min daly city 8 min 
80w @ weigh sta (sol ): :c arq brdg 14 min berkeley 28 min concord 20 min 
880s @ fremont bl (ala ): :milpitas 16 min sj arpt 22 min menlo prk 12 min 
17n @ summit rd (scl ): :slippery/wet roadway reduce speed 
up early , have to clean the house before i leave 😔 
17s @ summit rd (scz ): :slippery/wet roadway reduce speed 
92e @ hillsdale (sm ): :sfo arpt 12 min sf dwntwn 22 min menlo prk 12 min 
101n @ 23rd (sf ): :trsr isl 6 min oakland 14 min berkeley 14 min 
80w @ rdwd pky (sol ): :hwy 4 8 min berkeley 20 min concord 18 min 
80e @ 8th (sf ): :high winds on bridge (was: slow down 35 mph curve 3 miles ahead) 
80w @ bay brg incl (ala ): :high winds on bridge (was: slow down 2 miles ahead 35 mph curve) 
80w @ 13 / ashby (ala ): :sf dwntwn 10 min sfo arpt 24 min oak arpt 12 min 
80e @ university (ala ): :c arq brdg 14 min fairfield 30 min novato 24 min 
101n @ candlestick (sf ): :sf dwntwn 6 min oakland 16 min berkeley 16 min 
92w @ foster cty bl (sm ): :half moon 18 min sfo arpt 9 min palo alto 15 min 
92e @ foster cty bl (sm ): :high winds on bridge 
24w @ shattuck / 55th (ala ): :sf dwntwn 10 min sfo arpt 22 min oak arpt 10 min 
580w @ chetwood (ala ): :sf dwntwn 12 min carq brdg 20 min walnut cr 14 min 
580w @ castro valley (ala ): :hwy 13 12 min hwy 24 18 min sm bridge 12 min 
580w @ hacienda (ala ): :c astro vy 12 min sm bridge 20 min walnut ck 16 min 
USERNAME i miss you too . :c you need to text me i lost all my contacts . d; 
i am so freaking tired and i have so much shit to do today 😞 
USERNAME why don't u tell what the fuck :( sorry for my language i'm really upset for that :( 
what a boring start of monday , without friends :( 
USERNAME aww , is the big baby mad ? :( 
USERNAME yee , i wanna save it on my phone and can't ... ! :( 
1 more day .. 1 more day .. 1 more day .. gotta keep saying that . 😞 
USERNAME i would like to apologize for whipping you with a towel how i did . i know it hurt and i’m sorry . please forgive me . :( 
soo tired ! just wanna go back to bed .. and it's already not a good day :( 
so frustrating to be sick this long and , at least , another month of feeling this way . worst is coming next week , too , with 3rd surgery . :( 
8 am exams on mondays should be illegal #tootired #tooearly #psychsucks 😭 😖 😴 
i feel off like a bad bag of dope . :( 
my throat hurts this morning :( ain't nobody got time fo dat ! 
the one person i want to talk to , wont talk to me) ): 
grabe . dko nagawa project ko sa arts :( :( :( 
gonna try to keep my head up all day :( 
#confessionmorning i'm the only virgin teen ager in my family v.v 
arms , back and hands are so sore . need . massage . now . 😣 
2000-2012 #rip felicia #focus #fire 😧 🔥 💔 @ villages of lake st . charles URL 
anyone who is awake right now should text me because i have a long car ride . :( 
so glad were both off wednesday ! i be missing my other half 💔 
i don't think i've ever felt this sick in my life 😩😪 😢 
i need to go pee ! >.< but its too cold to get up :c 
going to miss this castle 😢 @ cinderella castle URL 
chiropractor and then back home before be leaves me :( USERNAME 
it's trying to snow here in kansas :( that means i can't drive 
is it 12 yet so i can go home 😔 
another busy week 😣 thank god it's thanksgiving break on friday ! i can't wait it's not even funny 
USERNAME USERNAME don't be making fun ! toy story was my baby boys fav movie and he is all grown up :( USERNAME 
yuck , i don't wanna go to class today 😒 😣 
USERNAME they didn't have 14 😭 😭 i was forced to do it . 
se acabó :( (@ fort lauderdale-hollywood international airport (fll) w/ 48 others) URL 
god blessed me with the cutest thing to ever walk earth 😔 🐻 URL 
but i don't wanna get out of bed 😭 😭 don't make mee 
USERNAME move closer than 3hrs away ... i wanna see thomas rhett on sat & no one will or can go #grownupjobs :( 
USERNAME good news for fcd pro+. lost my fcd pro months ago . some radios are just too small ! :( 
scared :( hopefully the doctor says i can keep cheering .. 
is it 1045 yet ? i'm ready to leave . but not ready for the news 😔 
i lost my class ring 😪 😞 😪 😞 #devastated 
i don't even get acknowledged when i come over because caillou is on ! 😢 URL 
USERNAME same here i really want that course ! we can grieve together 😔 
well now there's 4 people sleeping in my bed with me , cool . oh wait not cool cause the one i want to sleep in my bed isn't here . 😞 💔 😕 
USERNAME but then how do i make my almost daily sprint to the garage for some recently cleaned article of clothing ? ! 😔 
USERNAME thanks ! i would text you back too ! i just get really depressed the week of my birthday :( 
hate that i'm only running on 5 hours 😔 😶 
i like cry everytime the animal abuse commercial comes on .. <\3 #sadtweet 😢 
i am in so much pain . never working out again . #fml . #sore . 
awesome .. i love when i'm talking to my boyfriend and then it just stops working .. ugh :( and it was just getting good . 🍆 😉 
did i seriously forget my headphones ? fucking fuck .. :( 
lofl tone called me my homecoming hype loud af talking shit at nationals :( 
USERNAME whoomp looks like she gets steak and you get noodles :c 
USERNAME hahahah woow ! you haven't been on your emoji game girl 😞 
gujranwala : father killed toddler daughter to get married for the 3rd time . [urdu] URL :( 
i feel like a zombie right noww #need #sleep #now 😭 
splinter in my hand that won't come out , aarrcchh :( ( 
everynight when im home i sleep in tone hoodie or sleep with it :( 
only 5 hours of sleep ... aggravated af ! definitely gonna be bitchy today ! #fml 
USERNAME i want to retweet that . but i can't :( i love you and miss you more ! 
i'm so tire & sleppy -_- i hate mondays #sadtweet . 
it's been one hell of a morning . 😞 #goodgrief #typicalmonday 
oh how i wish chase was home with me today ! :( i miss him .. 
i don't want my hubby to leave me for this week ! #sadtweet 
USERNAME protocol to injury & kill a creature that loves you so much it would risk it's life for you . yeah , that's the right thing . 😞 
USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME he gave me a 3.5/5 on the nb check because i didn't write the notes word for word #fml #hatehim 
ugh school :( too tired i need to start going to bed earlier 
USERNAME man sometimes when i see sprite or jolly ranchers , or white cups i get the urge ... #fml 😓 
tort team reup: vote cappa 2012 (you blew it ): URL #hiphop #salute 
USERNAME is the true definition of a real loyal frien d: - ): -) 
USERNAME aww babe .. 😞 ik i don't wanna get up 
